user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198072033624,Recommended,292140,13921177,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lycaon,"After complaints of FFXIII's too linear gameplay, FFXIII-2 seems to be the answer to everyone's cries. In the beginning, you still get some of the ""run to the yellow pointer"" moments, but you can also take on various side-quests from NPCs to either find something or kill a monster. And once the game gets going, depending on what gates you open, you can have your choice of next destination. And you can take a break on minigame quizzes, chocobo racing, or slot machines if you feel inclined to do so.The one complaint I personally have is compared to FFXIII's story (personally I loved it), FFXIII-2 falls a bit short. The time travel trope makes it feel a bit cliché, and I found Noel to be quite boring in terms of personality and back story. Personal opinion, but even if the story isn't your thing, the game is a lot of fun.In combat, the ATB gauge and paradigm shifts are back so that will feel familiar. But with only two protagonists, the third slot is filled by monsters you tame. With all the tameable monsters out there, you can really customize your party to your needs, and you have to level your monsters up as well. I was a bit annoyed that neither Serah or Noel learned Faith/Bravery/Haste as Synergists so you have to rely completely on monsters to buff you on that front.As for the PC port, the keyboard can be a little awkward with the more complicated constellation puzzles, when the camera gets a little wonky, but it's still possible, if not, frustrating. I've also had the game just close on me once or twice (guessing my laptop was overworked when playing this game for an extended amount of time). Other than that, I have no issues. (Note the DLC doesn't unlock until you beat the story once.)Basically, the game is a load of fun even if the story fell short of expectations. The story isn't bad per se, but it wasn't great either. That said, the gameplay makes up for it. Still working on those final fragments."
,Recommended,292140,18634995,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Expansive & engrossing // Recommended for those who pine for a return to a more traditional JRPG feel+ Cinematic action sequences+ Much more open-ended play style; not nearly as linear as its predecessor+ Jumping between different locations throughout different time periods offers a refreshing amount of environmental variety+ Plenty of optional boss monsters & side quests to keep the player invested+ Much more replayable than Final Fantasy XIII+ Dialogue trees help the plot to feel a bit more interactive+ Battle system is almost a carbon copy of XIII's; therefore, it is absolutely outstanding+ Monster taming adds refreshing novelty to battle encounters, & is very well-implemented+ Environments are gorgeous and meticulously design, as always+ The game boasts excellent voice acting (occasionaly campy dialogue notwithstanding, but that's hardly the fault of the voice actors)+ Boasts a generally competent story, if a bit convoluted; well-written, but feels slightly divorced from the narrative of the original- Display options are somewhat limited, particularly for users who choose not to play in full-screen mode- Active Time Events (ATE) are used to a moderately heavy degree, & felt both unnecessary and gimmicky; overall an unwelcome addition- Not notably well-optimized; occasional framerate dropsLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,292140,13580026,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nayrui,"Omfg this game.Pros:Killer soundtrack, only OST I ever listen to outside of the game.Likeable characters (imo, so don't hold me too it).Storyline.Refined Battle system that works a little better than the first game.The option to save ANYWHERE in the game is a huge improvement from the first.Cons:You need a good PC for decent framerates in boss battles or they're gonna be a pain.Story can be hard to get into if you haven't played the first game. But there is a beginner's primer in the main menu so you can get up to speed.Port isn't the best out there. Still decent thoughLove this game. Still playing it. So happy it was on sale too for winter sale~"
,Recommended,292140,13379491,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,"NNK alias ""ME""",it throws almost everything from 13 out of the window and replaces it with time travels.There is also a naked Lightning.
76561198033156135,Recommended,292140,14017406,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Miro Laaksonen,"Final Fantasy XIII-2 fixes almost all of the issues fans had with XIII while also adding its own new flavour to the game.Final Fantasy XIII-2 is practically free of the issues that people generally have with XIII, meaning that if you didn't like the original game, there just might be a chance that XIII-2 could still be for you. The game is not linear, the combat system is (slightly) improved, and the game introduces multiple new systems and features, such as Paradigm Pack, traveling through different time periods, multiple unlockable endings, and throwing Moogles around to your heart's content.Traditional world map system is replaced with Historia Crux, a series of connected time gates you can use to access different areas and visit them in different time periods. While the game does re-use multiple areas, most of them feel relatively fresh thanks to visiting them in different time periods. Completionists might also be glad to hear that it is possible to close and reopen these time gates, which allows you to redo any part of the game again after finishing it, meaning that there's no missable content. I found the whole time travel thing a fairly solid system, kind of similar to what Chrono Trigger had.Paradigm battle system is still around, but this time they have introduced some new mechanics, such as Paradigm Pack, which is a system that allows you to capture different monsters you encounter and use them as your third party member. It's kind of like Pokemon, and there's even a fragment that rewards you for catching them all. It is a nice addition to the game as it's adds an extra layer of customization to your party. One other improvement the combat system received was an ability to change your party leader during fights, which I very much welcomed. The difficulty of the game though, compared to FFXIII, was bit low for my taste, but this is partly redeemed by the Coliseum DLC (included with the PC version).The story continues from where Final Fantasy XIII left, except that there's a twist, Lightning is gone. I won't spoil any plot detail,s but I'll give you a brief and vague synopsis of the beginning. If you don't care, feel free to skip this paragraph. The game starts when this guy called Noel (who is from the future) arrives to New Bodhum, meets Serah (Lightning's sister from the original game), and together they set to search Lightning through these time gates, which nobody really knows how they appeared in the first place. (Of course, all this gets explained later and my synopsis is terrible anyway). Of course, this is a Final Fantasy game, and naturally later down the road you find yourself trying to save the world from the villain, who, I must add, is one of the best villains Final Fantasy games have ever had. The story did feel very vague and not particularly interesting in my opinion during the first four chapters (which there is six), but it improves once you reach the fifth chapter.Characterwise Serah and Noel are both decent enough main characters. I didn't find neither of them particularly interesting, but they did the job. At least Serah is, in my opinion, much better main character than Lighting was, whom I simply found incredibly dull. However, one character that really stands out is Caius Ballad, the main villain of the game. Once the story develops, it becomes evident that he actually has a very clear and understandable motive for what he is doing, and for a villain, he actually ends up being really likeable.I didn't personally like the soundtrack of the game very much, but stuff like this is very very subjective, and it seems that there is a great deal of people who really do enjoy it, so your opinion might vary. I'll just say that the game uses lots of vocal tracks, some of which I found actually pretty good, but they just didn't work as background music of a video game very well, in my opinion. Japanese ending song, Yakusoku no Basho, is really good though, and so probably is the English one as it's the same song with different arrangement and singer. One more thing I'd like to point out about the audio side of things is that I didn't really like the sound balance. The sound effects were too loud and background music bit too quiet for my preferences. This of course would not be a problem if the game had audio options, but sadly it doesn't.Unlike FFXIII, XIII-2 has tons of side quests and content you can do, most of which is quite good (damn it all those Oerba puzzles and Academia quizzes...). The PC version also comes with all the DLC (aside from few costumes). Coliseum DLC has series of very difficult battles against few classic Final Fantasy bosses (there's even Ultros!), which offers you a nice end game challenge after you have beaten the base game. Lightning's DLC is kind of a prologue to the sequel Lightning Returns, and then there's Sazh's DLC, which I sadly found to be a waste of time.Okay, asummary:Final Fantasy XIII-2 is a solid entry to Final Fantasy series. It has some flaws, but overall it's a good game. However, it's definitely not the best Final Fantasy out there, nor is it a good introduction to the series. If you are looking to get into Final Fantasy games and happened to see this in Steam, I'd recommend to start with, say, Final Fantasy IX, VII, or even V or VI first. Still, it's a good game, and I do recommend it if you like JRPGs in general and do want to give newer Final Fantasies a bash. The story is also relatively standalone, so you can play it even if you haven't played Final Fantasy XIII and don't feel like playing that first.One more thing. I said nothing about the PC port because at this point probably everyone knows that it's, well, not very good, and there's tons of other reviews that do that already. If you do happen to for some obscure reason care what I have to say about it, you can check my Final Fantasy XIII review, where I rambled about it somewhat extensively. It's not the same game of course, but the port is almost identical, except that it somehow runs still bit worse than XIII did."
,Recommended,292140,13429952,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nerd House,"We all know that the hugely popular Final Fantasy RPG series has had more than its fair share of games, but rarely do we witness direct sequels. As one of those rare games, Final Fantasy XIII-2 takes place directly after the events of Final Fantasy XIII; Lightning vanishes without a trace and only Serah can remember seeing Lightning, while the others believe she is dead.Trapped in Valhalla, a world where time does not flow, Lightning finds herself under attack by a mysterious warrior named Caius. Knowing the future is in danger, Lightning calls on Noel to find Serah and deliver a message that she must save the future. As the story progresses, Serah and Noel work together to travel through time to restore a broken timeline and determine Caius’s true intentions.Much like every other Final Fantasy game, the storyline is vital to your enjoyment. Similar to Final Fantasy XIII, the sequel suffers from a problem with pacing: in the beginning, many players might get lost in the confusion of time travel and easily lose sight of what's actually occurring in the story. Fear not: this confusion is short-lived.Once the game progresses further, it becomes clear that although the story is shorter than XIII — story completion clocks in at around 20 hours — it wasn’t rushed. 100% completion can take around 30-40 hours. Details and events begin to piece together revealing more about Serah and Noel’s world and various other characters. While it might take a while to warm up to most players, the story is incredibly well written with the slight caveat that the ending might not be what most expect. To avoid spoilers, it’s difficult to explain why this is the case; however, it should be known that there is advancement via DLC and another sequel, which we should see on Steam in the coming months.Throughout the game, you’ll only control Serah or Noel in terms of playable characters unlike the six different playable characters in its predecessor. To make up for this shortcoming, you now have the ability to tame the various monsters you battle throughout your adventure and have them fight alongside you. Up to three can be assigned to your party, but only one can be active in battle at a time.Different monsters have different roles and will level up differently. Even more advanced is the incredibly complicated infusion system where you can imbue the passive abilities and skills of one monster into another. These features make for a rich and compelling reason to not only fight monsters along the way but also add a higher level of strategy to battle. Oh, and you can also dress up your monsters with a plethora of different styles of decorations such as hats or tattoos. Of course.When it comes to leveling up Serah and Noel, the newly designed crystarium system is less straightforward than the previous title but offers a higher degree of control over your character's final stats. Instead of each role containing its own cluster of nodes, there's one giant cluster in which you can choose whichever role you want to level up at any time — as long as you have enough crystarium points, that is, which you earn from completing quests and killing monsters.In the cluster, there are three types of nodes: small, large and ability. The large nodes will give stat bonuses depending on which role you happen to level up on that node. For example, if you choose to level up your Ravenger (magic attacks) ability on a large node, you might obtain a +6 magic boost whereas if you chose Commando (physical attacks) you might obtain +6 strength instead. Since the amount of large nodes is limited, carefully planning out each character can have huge benefits compared to just randomly choosing which to improve. Once one cycle of the cluster repeats, you have the option to select a bonus, new skill role, bonus accessory points or an additional ATB gauge; the gauge then resets, allowing you to fill it once again.While this all sounds complicated, there isn’t as big a penalty as it might sound for the player who doesn’t feel like planning out all his or her levels. It will reduce the player’s potential, but still allow them to do any task in the game that an optimised character can do, albeit with a higher degree of difficulty. All this complexity doesn’t come without penalty: unlike its predecessor, weapons and accessories cannot be upgraded, a shame as XIII's upgrade system was fairly unique and interesting.Not in the mood to slay C’eith? Take your chances betting on or racing your own Chocobo. Race results got you down? Relax and put a few coins in the slot machine and try for the jackpot. One of the huge differences between XIII and XIII-2 is the degree of freedom: whereas XIII's progression was pretty limited to where the story took you, here the journey is much more open. If a particular area gets dull or too difficult, it's possible to return to the Historia Crux and select a different time period to explore. The further you get in each area the more fragments and artifacts you’ll collect; artifacts are used to unlock new areas or progress the story in some situations. The collection of mini games and side puzzles offer nice changes in the dark story even though they can be difficult at times.For those new to the series, it’s strongly recommended that you play the first title before diving into XIII-2 as the game expects players to already be familiar with the battle system and storyline.The soundtrack features more vocal tracks than just about any other Final Fantasy game to date and offers some remarkable tracks throughout the story. From massive orchestral tracks to death metal, the variation in style should give everyone something to like. Some of the songs accompany the story so well that to take them out would in fact diminish a lot of the emotion portrayed in the event.Square-Enix did a much better job with the port of this game then they did with XIII. All of the bells and whistles you'd expect as far as graphics options are concerned are there in the game's launcher. This is something they went back and added to XIII recently.Overall, Final Fantasy XIII-2 offers a lot of gameplay and a great addition to the XIII plot. XIII-2 is probably the best game in the trilogy. Even though the graphics weren’t revolutionary like XIII’s and the slight pacing issue still remains, Final Fantasy XIII-2 is very good. Anyone who played and enjoyed Final Fantasy XIII owes it to themselves to pick this up and continue the story of Serah and Lightning.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,292140,14324866,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,stretchfox,I have a giant Golden Chocobo that pecks everything to death with a special move called kweh and it's all in 4k.  I don't feel I should have to write anything else.
,Recommended,292140,14875673,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"I'm convinced this game is a work of satire. The plot is so contrived you stop halfway and realize that Square is just ♥♥♥♥ing with you.Here's an example: there's a machine in the past that kills its creator and creates a future filled with robots. What caused it to kill its creators? Itself in the future corrupted the machine in the past to kill its creators. Why? Because if it didn't force the machine to kill its creators in the past it wouldn't exist in the future as the sole controller of the world. The Machine came from a future that didn't exist so that it could continue existing and create that future.Someone wrote that and thought it wasn't ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and self-contradictory. The game deals with time-travel and 'paradoxes', and god damn does it♥♥♥♥♥♥on the time-travel concept with so much confusion it can only be considered a work of satire. There's also something about a girl who has a title passed down the ages, only that each girl who gets the title looks exactly the same as the previous one.Hey, at least it explains why the protagonists at the end of FFXIII didn't turn to crystal after completing their focus. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does it fill the explenation (which is quite simple) with a ton of confusion.Dumbass plot aside, the game is a huge step up from FFXIII. Sure, it obviously didn't have the same budget as FFXIII, which becomes REALLY obvious when you 'unlock' the same map over 4 times with minor alterations (dark, daytime,♥♥♥♥♥♥filter,♥♥♥♥♥♥filter but with red orbs around the map). Assets from the previous game are also reused, like Oerba village and a ton of music from the previous game. But even though this is essentially FFXIII 1.5 it still winds up being miles better and more enjoyable. Two reasons for that:1.) Exploration.The Historia Crux is basically a glorified menu where you select what location to go to. When you go to a location, you'll have two tasks: find artefacts and fragments in the map and talk to people to take up tasks to receive artefacts and fragments. Each map has either 1 gate or more which are unlocked with artefacts, while fragments give you documents to read (if you dont care about the game world then tough♥♥♥♥♥♥. Unlocking a gate unlocks another location to travel to in the Historia Crux. Here's the good thing, though: the artefact required to unlock that gate might not even be in that map. It might be in a different map which is unlocked in the story or through a gate in a different map.For example. a woman wants to find her glasses, but its dark in the gameworld due to an eclipse so you won't be able to get them. You WILL be able to get her glasses when you unlock the alternate version of that map where an eclipse ISN'T occuring. Get her glasses there, then go back to where there's an eclipse and give her her glasses.In the Historia Crux you'll see how many fragments are in each map and how many gates there are. So you'll be skipping from map to map to map collecting artefacts and fragments and going back to previous maps to fulfil requests. Dude wants some sort of PC equipment? You get it in some tech facility in a different map.If it sounds like you'll have to keep up and make note of everything, don't. The best thing to do, really, is to take up requests when you can and just collect all fragments in a map, which come in boxes. Hell, I collected all fragments I could before finishing up chapter 5, and then proceeded to finish it and already had the fragments needed to proceed, which I didn't know I would need. If the idea of exploring maps for items and jumping from area to area is appealing, you'll love this.2.) CustomizationYour third party member is a monster, the same ones you fight in battle. After battle there's a chance you'll ''collect'' one of the monsters you killed. Once collected,  you level him up in the crystarium just as you would level up. It gets a little difficult levelling up monsters at later levels since the materials needed are scarcer, but not all monsters reach their peak that late. Some do so much earlier, and you can sacrifice them to pass on skills to other monsters. The customization and levelling in your third partner presents a level up system that is more in-depth than even the main cast.and that's about it. It's not hard to be a better game than FFXIII, and this game isn't outstanding since it really plays more like a side-game. Like a handheld title in a series that frequently appears on consoles. It's not the typical Final Fantasy experience in that its production values aren't as high. Like I said, this is like FFXIII 1.5.But that's not a bad thing. The game manages to be an enjoyable modern day FF title and an all-around good waste of time. They should've fixed up the ridiculous plot and put the money they put into FFXIII into this one."
,Not Recommended,292140,13534310,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ｈ,"Update 12/22/2014:Square released a patch today which actuallyremovedsome DLC from the game. The performance remains unchanged.Original review:Buyer beware.The resolution selection does nothing but change the window size while the game is still rendered in 1280x720, making everything blurry unless you have a monitor running natively at 720p (which few modern computer users do). The framerate jumps wildly from 60 to well under 15 almost arbitrarily.The problem lies in the fact that both FFXIII and FFXIII-2 for PC areNOTmulti-threaded applications when virtually 99% of software written today is. This is an artifact from when Square ported these two games over from the Playstation 3, which had an extremely complicated and poorly designed CPU architecture. To minimize writing code (perhaps due to time constraints or inexperience, or both), Square decided to throw the entire game on a single thread.Regardless,specs don't matterin this case. You could try running this game on a 486 or Cray Supercomputer and you would probably achieve the same results. Kidding aside, this port isVERYpoorly optimized."
76561198066604130,Recommended,292140,18259323,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Razorblade Nova,"GraphicsFew games have managed to capture my eye as well as Final Fantasy 13-2 did. Everything in this world looks gorgeous. I often found myself just standing still and looking at the scenery in each area. The effects are also fantastic and that is especially obvious during combat.MusicAs a standard for the series, the soundtrack is fantastic.  Masashi Hamauzu, Naoshi Mizuta, and Mitsuto Suzuki have managed to blend orchestral music with techno and dubstep and while that may seem like a  recipe for disaster, it's actually glorious. Every track is unique and memorable and the tone of each track perfectly fits the mood of the area or scene it is played at.StoryThe story of the game is mostly hit or miss. Some people like it while others think it's needlessly complex. I for one consider this one of the best stories the series has ever had. I never found myself wondering what's going on. Everything, from world events to character motivations, was clear to me from the moment they were revealed. The main objective of the characters, the world mythos and the antagonist's plan are clear.It basically revolves around Serah, the younger sister of the previous game's protagonist, and Noel, a time traveller who arrives at Serah's time to warn her of a dire future.The game picks up 3 years after the events of the previous game. In the prologue we see Lightning fighting a mysterious enemy named Caius, in a realm called Valhalla, to protect the godess Etro, the one who was revealed in the previous game that liberated the l'cie from their cursed brands. Lightning sees Noel emerging from a time gate and asks of him to seek out her sister Serah and gives him a mission which will be revealed later. She assigns a moogle that can turn into a bow, named Mog, to give to Serah, then opens another game for him and proceeds to engage Caius in combat once again, allowing Noel to escape. Later we see a meteor falling in the village of New Bodhum, one of the many human settlements built around the pillar of the crystalised Cocoon, where Serah resides along with the NORA gang, also from the previous game. Soon after, monsters attack and Noel appears just in time to help Serah, giving her the bow to protect herself.After the fight, he reveals to Serah and the NORA members that Lightning told him of weird distortions in time, called Paradoxes, taking place and that these distortions would soon lead to the destruction of the world. He said that Lightning needs Serah to solve these paradoxes in order for her to protect the godess in Valhalla, without specifying how one leads to the other. Noel then reveals that the meteor is a time gate through which the duo, accompanied now by Mog, can travel through time using the Historia Crux, the crossroads of time. In their journey they will learn about Lightning's true mission, the motivation of this mysterious Caius and his connection to Noel and the godess Etro and the reason time is distorted. Along the way they'll meet previous characters like Snow, Hope, Fang and Vanille and new characters, all with their own missions and objectives.There's also a time travelling character, named Chocolina, who is the main vendor of weapons, items and materials in the game. She's basically a merchant who doubles as comic relief.This is a very well written story overall and I enjoyed every second of it.GameplayThe gameplay is downright flawless this time around.•For the combat, the game uses and expands upon the previous game's battle system, the paradigm system.The paradigm system utilizes the ATB aspect of previous titles in the series but allows you to use multiple commands. •Each character has access to every role and it's up to the player to switch between roles during battle. The player controls only one character during battle, the leader, but you can swap leaders mid-fight, enabling some interesting strategies. There's also an auto-battle command which will automatically select which abilities the character you control will use, depending on their role and the situation they're in. New to this system is the option to choose whether you want your characters to focus on a single target or utilize multi-target spells when using the auto-battle command, allowing for more freedom and customisation. As a result, the battles are faster but strategy is essential to defeat the tougher enemies in the game.There are 6 roles available for combat. Commando (DPS), Ravager (Mage), Synergist (Buff), Saboteur (Debuff), Medic (Healer) and Sentinel (Tank)•The character progression utilizes the Crystarium system of FF 13 but expands upon it. Each crystarium stage consists of a linear set of nodes, some small and some large. The player chooses which role to level up by using Crystarium Points (CP) and the available node in the Crystarium stage. Small nodes will offer general stat boosts but large nodes will offer large boosts according to the role you chose to upgrade. For example, using a large node to level up the commando role will give a large Attack power boost etc. This allows for a lot of customisation but caution is obligatory since you can essentially lock a character out of certain stat boosts depending on how you use the large nodes, leaving them under-developed as a result.•There are 2 playable characters and 3 slots for recruitable monsters. The monsters start off weaker than the characters but you can upgrade them using monster materials which work like CP works for the main characters. Later on you will learn about monster infusion and hidden monster abilities, which will allow you to infuse monsters with other monsters, giving them their abilities and allowing you to create the ultimate monster. This is by far the best feature in the game because it allow total freedom in how you want to develop your monsters and the results are always satisfying.•New to the series is the accessory capacity. Serah and Noel can equip accessories to boost their stats and gain resistances to certain elements or debuffs. However, unlike the previous game, accessories now take up an amount of ""space"" on a character. This means that if, for example, an item takes up 60 points of capacity but Serah only has 20 available, she can't equip it. The capacity of each character starts of low but can increase as you level up using CP and completing crystarium stages. It caps at 100. In order to use all 4 equipment slots, you will need to customise the items you have  in the shop to make them smaller but weaker or just use them as is and carry less. Sometimes it's preferred to use 4 smaller items than 2 or 3 bigger ones but this depends on the player.ContentThe main story isn't the focus of the game. You'll find yourself spending more time doing side-quests this time around. Each location has available side-quests for you to complete in order to gain CP, items or fragments which are basically the most important collectible in the game and can be used to unlock special abilities later in the game. Certain areas consist entirely of side-quests and can be unlocked using Wild Artefacts (used to open optional time gates) and have their own side-plot. There's also various mini puzzles to complete and a casino area in which you can use slot machines, assign tamed chocobos in races for items and money, unlock special abilities using Fragments and later on play Poker and a fun game called chrono bind.In addition to that, there's a ton of optional bosses and after the final boss, you will be able to replay missions and fight tougher versions of old bosses to unlock alternative ""paradox"" endings.You might also find monster infusion fun depending on how much you enjoy customisation and item farming. Grinding isn't required but it's recommended.Overall this game is a unique, mastefuly designed experience and I definitely recommend it to everyone. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,292140,32676708,Posted: 23 June,all,Zugetzu,"I own this game on the PS3 so I am aware of what the game has to offer and let me tell you it's a lot. But I'd still say don't get it because this PC port is among one of the worst ports I've seen for a pc to this day. The game has a audio bug in which causes it to constantly buzz and the game crashes on saves and some other places which makes the game literally unplayable.Do not get this game untill they patch it, which is very unlikely seeing it's been 2 years already and they've still not managed to fix any problems.If you want the game then buy it on the PS3 because playing it on this PC port will literally make you want to throw your computer out  the window."
,Not Recommended,292140,13850105,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Super Cactus,"I love this game, despite what others say I love all three parts of 13 - however, I was highly disappointed with the pc version of this game. The specs on my computer far exceed the recommended and yet the performance is worse than poor and the low fps (especially on boss battles that can last a while) is nothing if not frustrating. Having bought this nearly a month after the Steam release and bearing in mind all the comments on the poor performance of the game, it is very disappointing that there has been no fix for this yet.In short, it doesn't matter if you have the pc, it still won't run smoothly. Please fix this soon! I would recommend this game to anyone AFTER a fix has been released."
,Recommended,292140,30248904,Posted: 28 February,all,Lars,"One of the worst PC port jobs EVER, in any time paradox, of an acceptable Final Fantasy game that absolutely has its moments, in between various problems.Pros:The same excellent ATB (Active Time Battle) system from the previous game, this time fully featured right from the start of the game instead of slowly fleshing it out over the course of 15 hours like in the first XIII.In battles, instead of a third party member you instead use tamed monsters that can level up and be infused with powers from other monsters.  Very pokemon, must catch them all.  Or just get a chocobo and use it exclusively, like me <3Complete freedom in when and how to progress the main story, and what times and places to visit.  Almost overwhelming nonlinearity if you're used to XIII.Seeing how paradoxes affect the history, then resolving them and seeing how that changes the timeline and sometimes creating new paradoxes feels pretty cool.At times, pretty dark stuff in the story.  Feels were had, no spoilers.Passable english voice acting.  Hey, you all know how rare it is for it not be dog awful, let me put this as a positive! :)Good amount of 'work' for completionists.  Hunt all the things, tame them, map the places, unlock all the fragments.  Definitely enough to keep you busy for a while, and then there's more challenging encounters to try as well.Phenomenal art and sound direction.  This is a gorgeous looking game despite being 6 years old already. Some of the music might not hit home depending on personal tastes but there was also some really captivating tracks.Cons:The WORST port job I've ever seen.  This game makes Batman: Arkham Knight look like a decent port.  If you try playing this game with the specs listed as recommended on the store page expect frequent dips to 15 fps or lower.  Game runs on a single CPU core, while barely working your GPU.  The only way you're going to see acceptable framerates on this game is with a very high clock speed CPU (4.5ghz or higher at least).  I see frequent dips below 30 on my i7 core quad @3.4ghz with hyperthreading disabled and slight overclocking.  Doesn't matter if I play at 720p or 4k resolution.No volume sliders, at all. Really?Overall weak game story that didn't grab me at all or really go anywhere, once the starting plotline was established.  Complete lack of character development, lots of mystery solving through time.Aggravating ending, without spoiling anything, that follows into DLC stuff afterwards in a way that makes NO sense at all.There's a lot of great music in this game including many revisits from the first XIII, but also a number of really whack and completely misplaced tracks, going from slow jpop ballads to black metal choboco songs at the drop of a beat.  Its jarring, at times.Its easy to get 'lost'.  In my 60 hour ish playthrough I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say I spent at least 5 hours running around aimlessly wondering what to do.  Side quests are often extremely vague in how to solve them, and even the main quests can be difficult to follow at times.While tamed monsters are fun to use in battles I still prefer how they did it in the first game.  It does get stale having Serah and Noel fixed as two of three party members at all times.  Tamed monsters have a 'feral link' charged ability that replaces Eidolons from the first game, but they are typically very underwhelming and mainly used to finish off untamed enemies to increase the chance of catching them.  Lots of abilities are also unexplicably gone from the first game as learnable skills for Serah and Noel.All fights are randomly spawning encounters instead of enemies wandering around in the game world.  Enemies teleport right into your near proximity, giving you a chance to strike first for a haste buff and bonus stagger, but just as often combat starts instantly because the monster spawned literally in your face as you were walking somewhere, giving you zero chance to react.  In some areas the encounter chances are absurdly high, rarely letting you take more than 5 steps between fights.Pro and Con:The Steam version includes some DLC without extra cost, which is nice.  What is not so nice is that there is a good chunk of DLC on the console versions that is not available in the PC version at all.  I HATE when publishers do this.  Some of the missing DLC fills in some plot holes in the story, as well.Despite the long list of issues I have with this game, I've still had an overall good time playing it.  I really liked XIII, and XIII-2 gave me some of the continuation I've been craving.  If you were a fan of XIII (Hey, we exist! Don't judge!), you are probably going to get some value out of this game as well.I really like the dynamic and fluid style of battle in the XIII games and I enjoyed returning to it, a good while after I initially played XIII on my PS3.  It is strangely satisfying to watch your characters and monsters get gradually stronger over the course of the game, as well as hunting monsters to tame and figuring out what to do with them.Bad port, not a bad game.  I do cautiously recommend, but perhaps get it for your console instead of Steam if at all possible.  If you do play it on PC, I strongly recommend using your GPU drivers or 3rd party app to cap your framerate to 30 to avoid the wild fluctuations, it does suck but at least you won't get sick.  I also recommend playing with a controller, if you have one.  And if you haven't played XIII yet, definitely start there before you pick this one up.Also important:If you don't turn off Steam Cloud Saving for this game you can expect extreme load times and having the game crash to desktop.In closing I want to have it pointed out that a lot of the negative reviews on Steam for this game seems to be because of crash issues, which I'm sure could have resolved in the majority of the cases if they disabled the abovementioned cloud sync.  I'm NOT making excuses for the horrid port quality here, but the game should at least run without crashing for most players."
,Recommended,292140,14558415,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"Replace Bill and Ted with a magical girl and a Kingdom Hearts reject, then task them with fixing the future. George Carlin is dead, so he's played by a Moogle. Spoilers: they screw it up so bad and it's hilarious to play through.This game is basically what happens when you task a team who aren't convinced RPGs need to be a super-serious endeavor with making a time-travel themed game. There are tiny bookends of ""serious story"" because it's still a sequel to FFXIII, but this is a game where one character's fiancee has turned himself into a living weapon so he could jump in a wormhole to fight a massive tomato to a standstill for ??? years before you show up. IT AIN'T WAR & PEACE.Mechanics-wise, it's improved damn near every facet of XIII, the battles feel more snappy and the strategy is tight, monster-breeding* is a neat way to handle the third character slot, and in sort of a drastic inverse of XIII, you're basically entirely freeform in how you approach the timeline in this game SAVE FOR ONE TERRIBLE, LINEAR CHAPTER. But that's like... one out of six. It'll be okay.I cannot recommend this enough. It's fun to play and I laughed at some of the utterly ludicrous ways they take the time travel conceit, especially in terms of sidequests, or the bonus chapters which were DLC on the console and come free here (involving Snow, Sazh, and Lightning, respectively). Buy this game and then just TRY to argue that it's not a parody by the time you're through. This is Chrono Trigger on LSD.* Technically you do not ""breed"" monsters so much as you ""feed the ones you can't stand to your favorites to make them strong""."
,Recommended,292140,13319400,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Gosumania,"This game isn't a masterpiece.. But it is still fantastic. More open, good story, unique soundtrack, and amazing gameplay make this game great. A huge improvement on XIII and the whole feel of the game is much more loose and open while still having a good story. I don't understand all the people who give this game crap. I understand you want final fantasy to be like it used to be but you can't just let that cloud your minds from seeing when square has put out yet another great game. You won't find this game as one of the final fantasy classics, but this game is still very good and shows squares determination to make the game that the fans want to play.Battle SystemThe battle system of FF XIII-2 returns in a familiar yet more improved in some ways, resulting in my new favorite battle system of the entire series. Fights requires a mix of strategy, timing and a style that makes combat not only fast flowing but oozing with stylish flair giving each victory a satisfying feeling. You're never left feeling like you're grinding away in every battle. Quickly shifting to defensive paradigms when a boss is about to use a devastating attack or debuffing paradigms where you're setting up for the long haul. In fact, there are quite a number of improvements made to the system since the last game that make battles much more enjoyable:• No longer will the game end when the party leader dies.• Paradigm Shift animations are much more brief and in most cases, omitted.• Paradigms can be tuned to focus on single or multiple targets.• Six classes are available.• Summons don't transform into vehicles.• Shroud items (like Aegisol) have been removed.• TP is gone.8.5/10Should I buy this game? YES."
,Recommended,292140,13894361,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rhomeo,"=Story 7.5/10=One of the weaker points of the game was the story. Everyone can agree on this and I'm no exception to that. The whole “let's save Lightning” angle felt forced from the start. I would have taken a game where we play as Lightning the whole way thr- Oh, right, that's what Lightning Returns is about. Anyway, a lot of plot points and major story elements felt forced or like they didn't belong. This didn't hold it back all the time, but it could have done far better.=Art 9/10=On the PC, this game is absolutely stunning. When you throw all the settings up to max and optimise your graphics settings, you end up with a game that is so beautiful you sometimes forget you're playing a game. Admittedly a lot of people have complained about FPS issues, but I felt that the way it was solved in FFXIII (Editing general graphics settings through my Nvidia Control Panel) solved the issue for me before it even became one. The game played in 60 fps steadily throughout the entire playthrough. If you're having problems, Google around and try to fix it before complaining. It's worth it.=Sound 10/10=Music and Final Fantasy are synonymous terms for me. Whenever I play any of the FF games, the soundtrack is the first thing I listen out for. What sort of instruments are we leaning towards? What sort of feel does this game want to give me? Every boss fight is unique, every average fight is energetic and every area has a theme that suits it perfectly. I've listened to the FFXIII-2 soundtrack more than enough times as I do other things to know how much I love it.=Characters 7/10=Admittedly the weakest point of this entire game is its character lineup. Why Serah? Why Noel? Why do I care about them? A lot of the twists towards the end felt both forced and pointless. The Goddess Etro wasn't even introduced in FFXIII and now I'm supposed to believe she's a big thing that's a big part of everyone's lives? No one else seems to know who she is, so it feels a little stupid. Whatever, it's no big deal. I would have rather focused on Hope and thrown a boomerang around, to be completely honest.=Gameplay 9/10=I don't like the way prior FF games handled combat. Sue me. FFVII was absolutely trash with the Materia system. FFVIII's Draw system was only marginally better. FFXIII's system made it so that some characters were only viable because they had skills others didn't. FFXIII-2's Crystarium does the same thing as FFXIII, but makes good on a few faults from its predecessor. Haste and Slow aren't casual abilities to throw around now, which were absolutely broken prior. Your bonuses from stacking multiple Roles into a Paradigm is better, meaning that swapping to 3 SEN's is now a really smart move whenever you see a charge up attack. This game involves more thinking than most people care to admit. For that, I salute you, FFXIII-2. For the record, playing with Keyboard and Mouse is so easy that it's criminal.=Overall 8.5/10=FFXIII-2 is worth the $20. By far. I got 50 hours out of this and I played the hell out of it originally, so I was already on top of where everything was and what I needed to do. A newcomer could easily spend an extra 30 hours and not feel like it's forcing you to grind or do anything you don't really want to. Even if you played the game prior, it offers a new experience to what you might be used to. Definite recommendation from me."
76561198142913555,Not Recommended,292140,28130617,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,johnjmc0511,"As someone who loves the final fantasy series with a passion, but doesn't have the xbox to play 13, or it's sequels. I was so excited to play this, but the fps is horrid, and the audio is dubbed over horribly. I would be able to look past this if the game actually worked, but I was able to play up to about the 4th time slot, and then whenever I try to travel to the next time, the loading screen never stops. I literally left it loading overnight while I slept and woke up to the loading screen.Don't waste your money on this please. It's a sad excuse for a PC development."
,Not Recommended,292140,17578137,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Zihark Akemi,"I wish I could come here and praise the actual game, the one whose plotline really isn't as complex as the other reviewers claim it is, provided you pay attention anyway. Yet here I am, loving the gameplay, looking forward to seeing what's coming up in the plot, pursuing every achievement just as I did in XIII, and able to say nothing but how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a port job this is.The graphics are no higher-end than its predecessor, yet I get half the framerate. The overlay doesn't show up for a good while after the button's pressed, some times for up to several minutes.On windowed mode, the window will continuously lock itself into being active even when you alt-tab away, leaving the program you switched to on top it but holding your cursor down on the exact center of your monitor, with your inputs affecting both simultaneously. Look forward to either fiddling with the game's menus until it switches back, or trying to close it on Task Manager without being able to use your mouse.On fullscreen, the game can refuse to close altogether, not acknowledging a press of the escape key (which is supposed to open the menu to close it,) not acknowledging alt-tab or shift-tab, and not allowing you to open Task Manager, thus forcing you to either power off your device or crash the game by unplugging your display.The N7 armor and Assassin's Robe DLC couldn't be licensed to be carried over. Annoying, but excusable. The weapon and accessory DLCs were also not ported over. Not as excusable. Look forward to having to mod this content back in to the game yourself. Though at least it can be done.Congratulations, Square, on taking a perfectly good game and porting it so poorly that it works the way I need it to about half the time. You brought the PC a game that actually makes the PCMR look bad, because with the job you did, it is undeniable that this game is better played on a console."
,Recommended,292140,13452170,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,-Dresden-,"The good:A great JRPG. It's much better than XIII and has much more -gameplay- elements than it did. It's non linear, has puzzles, lots of minigames, and tons of side quests.There are tons of monsters to recruit into your party, and it can get a bit addictive. Some are infusion fodder, and some are great on their own. The trick is knowing which is which.The story is much more interesting than XIII as well. The main characters have much more depth and I find myself caring way more about Caius and Noel's stories than anything that was in XIII. Caius is the best kind of villain - one who thinks what he's doing is right.Now for the bad:The only problem I had with the game is that it's too easy to gimp your characters if you don't know what you're doing. The game doesn't tell you anything about the leveling mechanic. Doing it right makes a huge difference, but basically you want Noel to have all of his strength bonuses on the big nodes and all of Serah's magic bonuses on her big nodes.The port is decent. The only real problem I had was framerate dips, which can be annoying but isn't really a big deal."
,Recommended,292140,18779273,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Elyswer,"This game is surperior to XIII on several aspects, such as gameplay, battle system and exploration.You're not going to be on rails like on 13, but you're not going to be invited to a fully open world.I've played the whole Lightning trilogy on 360, and I've got to say, they seem to have the deepest story and characters to date."
,Recommended,292140,13670334,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gabs,"FINAL FANTASY® XIII-2 (for Windows)About the game over x86-64 platform:+Nice Graphics+Custom Resolution+Great sound quality-Game performance is really bad even with a good PC specs.About the game:+Nice storyline;+Nice soundtrack;+Good leveling system but isn't the better. *EDIT-Storyline is too short;-Limited customizations such weapons, itens and others stuff(FF XIII Saga overall), if compared with others FF's;-Limited characters in XIII-2, only 2, excluding ""the pet"";-Limited skills (compared with others FFs); *EDIT-Battle system (in my opinion) is ridiculous. *EDITMy conclusion:The game is much better than FF XIII, playable, but too far from the origins of FF Series, the performance issue can be a problem for many gamers, but still playable(FF XIII for Windows has better performance), who like the FF Series i recommended."
,Not Recommended,292140,29515241,Posted: 26 January,all,Necronomad,Enjoyed what I could play of the game however the game engine performs poorly and will lock up periodically. After quite a lot of attempts to troubleshoot the various issues both myself and looking into what others have tried I've decided the game is just to unreliable and the freezes too frustrating to recomend. These issues have been around since it was released on steam and square seems to show no interest in resolving them.
76561198006723892,Not Recommended,292140,13842632,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Blackcoat3649,"There isn't much to say about the story. It's standard fare that gets more than a little convoluted.Where this port falls flat on its face is with the unacceptable frame-rate issues. This has been written about in great detail all over the place and a simple google search will tell you all you need to know.When Lightning Returns releases, I implore everyone to hold back on buying it until we know for sure that it runs at an acceptable speed."
76561198024163947,Not Recommended,292140,13368394,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Justkaz,"After faithfully enduring some of the performance and gameplay hiccups in the Final Fantasy 13 port, I expected Final Fantasy 13-2 to have most of these issues resolved.  This is not the case, in fact Square Enix has taken one step forward but two steps back in the performance department with this PC port.First of all, my computer exceeds the recommended specs in every aspect, therefore hardware should not be an issue.  This being said, frame rates are NOT stable and fluctuate between 25 and 60 fps, despite Square Enix promising ""60 fps gaming.""  Rain is rendered poorly in this game and appears white and pixelated.   The good news is that graphics settings are now adjustable in the game launcher.  The available settings are Screen Settings, Resolution, Sound Settings, Shadow resolution, and Anti-aliasing.  The bad news is that lowering these settings does absolutely nothing to alleviate performance issues.  I've tried adjusting settings via the game launcher and my graphics card driver, to no avail.   No matter how low I set my graphics settings, my frame rate is unstable or is locked at 30 fps in many areas.Overall Final Fantasy 13-2, while a solid console game, is still not up to par as a PC port.  I thought Square Enix would have their act together by now since they have had experience porting several other Final Fantasy titles to PC.  The shoddy performance is just too hard to ignore, especially since Square Enix promised ""60 fps gaming"" but actually 30 fps is a lot closer to reality.Square Enix should have taken more time to port this game and check for performance issues; I would rather have played a polished game at a later date than a shoddy one at an earlier date.Until Square Enix fixes these glaring performances problems, I cannot recommend this game.*Update* So I have looked into the ""missing"" DLC issue and apparently the DLCs are included in the game, but for some reason they do not unlock until the game is beaten, which was not the case with the console version.  I apologize for the confusion in my previous review."
,Recommended,292140,26723628,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,oscaronez,"If you like playing games where you can explore a beautifully crafted world with a proper story behind it, then you will enjoy FF XIII-2. You feel like you are really getting to know Serah and Noel throughout the game's main story. There's plenty of supplementary action, chatacter-building and lore to learn in the side quests as well.Whilst you couldn't really class it as a sandbox environment, there's still a bit of room for exploration and as mentioned, lots to do aside from the main story. While it may be a sequel to FF XIII, it is not necessary to have played that game first as FF XIII-2 stands fine on its own. You are suitably filled in on the events in the previous game.The music is very wide ranging in its style but there are some truly spellbinding moments where you can clearly tell a lot of thought has gone into the creative process and the team behind the game have worked together to create instances where you are seemingly locked into a moment in time; a fitting counterpoint to all the travelling through the Historia Crux that you do during the game.The gameplay itself isn't particularly exciting in my opinion. It can get quite repetitive but there's lots of room for variety in your approach to battles with the various paradigm packs and monsters, but I get the impression that for the creators of FF XIII-2, the gameplay itself is arguably one of the lesser important elements.After spending 50+ hours on the game, I have come to the conclusion that FF XIII-2, at its core, isn't about grinding monsters and attaining level 99 in everything. You can by all means grind away, and many players will end up doing this if they are struggling with a particular boss battle so that they can advance in the game and find out the next chapter of the story and enrich their view of the world(s) that FF XIII-2 takes place in. Because that's what this game is about. Telling a story and building world full of rich detail and history for this story to take place in.Caveat: the port is a bit buggy such that you will almost definitely have to actively take action to change some settings on your PC to ensure you can reliably run the game without any major issues."
,Recommended,292140,22959012,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Joker,"Got this game on sale and I can say it was worth it.Pros:-Great combat system-Challenging-25 hour game (Without 100% completion)-You can collect monsters in this game like Pokemon-One of the best soundtracks I have ever heard (Especially the menu track)Cons:-So-so story-Story gets confusing as it goes-Doesn't have Lightning. (Really?)-Main characters are boring-Feels like point of the game is to set Lightning Returns' storyVerdict: A better game than FFXIII. Falls flat on story telling and makes up for it by giving us a better battle system than FFXIII. But overall, feels more like a set-up for Lightning Returns' story than a standalone game.7/10"
,Recommended,292140,13425154,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,"Incredible storyline. Way better gameplay and the world is open. They added customisable video settings.  This is a fantastic game. I highly recommend you buy it. This is a very good port compared to the one from XIII. We gotta thank Square Enix for listening to the feedback they got from their last port. 8/10, buy it. It's worth it."
76561197961827072,Recommended,292140,13550872,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,provrorsbarn,"+Beautiful game+Great Combat+Great Leveling Characters/Monsters-Story-Some Puzzles might be too much-Very few GearIts the best FF 13 game in the series mostly because of the great combat system and leveling your Monster/Characters. Its actually fun to grind and chase big bosses. The game isnt as linear compared to FF13. Much more exploring and finding things out on your own. If you hated FF13 because of its linear storytelling style, then give this a go.The DLC (that includes) has some nice skins.8/10"
76561198047672025,Not Recommended,292140,29675682,Posted: 3 February,all,Conker,"Well sadly this is a complete clusterf*ck of a port. One of the worst performing games i've played on PC. Right off the bat when you first start playing,  the game will (EDIT: you might get lucky and not have it crash on you) crash when you reach the first cutscene, the solution to this is to turn off the automatic steam saves. i still had a few crashes sometimes after doing that but it was playable.Also they messed the rain up on this release (it's too big, and looks ugly) there is a mod to make it smaller and look like it did on the console release though. Also the frame rate is horrendous, it would routinely drop to the mid teens for me during fights, there are mods and things that help improve the frame rate, but if you use them then when you reach a cutscene the audio will be out of sync...so weigh it, you either lose framerate or audio sync.If the PC is your only choice to play the game then it is playable once you disable the steam saves and tinker with frame rate mods, but if you have a PS3 or Xbox 360 then get it on that.As for the game itself, i thought it was pretty good, i did like the time travel aspect, but then i'm a sucker for time travel stuff. It can get annoying though if you are trying to get these side mission fragment pieces, you will have to travel to 2 or sometimes 4 different time zones of the same area to complete the mission, that's tedious. I gave up even trying to collect all the fragments (there's 160 in total, i have like 80 of em) eventually and just grinded away in fights until i was strong enough to finish the main game.A couple of things they improved over FFXIII are that the areas you explore are bigger, so they listened to the criticism, and also you can see the enemies before you fight them and also run away from them if you want, so you are not forced to fight them most of the time, unless they are faster than you and jump you.The actual meat of the game, the fighting they improved and made it faster and more streamlined from what i remember from FFXIII but there's only 2 chracters you play as in this, Serah and Noel. There are monsters that you can capture through battle and level up and infuse and combine with other monsters to create hybrid mega pokemon things that fight beside you in battle. I didn't do any of that, i had this one little light bulb looking guy who had an lightning ability with a green flower on his head who i maxed out, but i didn't combine him, i managed to finish the game by only using him on my team but he kept dying and i had to constantly resurrect the lil muppet. It's possible to complete the game without infusing them, but maybe learn from my mistake and look up some guides to find out which ones to infuse with each other and what not.The story itself is not very good, i didn't like how literally 2 seconds after the screen fades to black at the end of FFXIII they say time got all f*cked up and distorted and Lightning disappeared and Serah is the only one who remembers she existed. Not even a day passed!, that was stupid.Also kinda spoilers mebbe but not that much, the game can't really stand on it's own, if you haven't played FFXIII you will have no clue what is going on, i did play it and i still had no idea, i had a slight idea but not a fully formed one. There's actually text at the end of this that says ""To be continued"" FFXIII had a definitive conclusion, but i guess they decided to make this and Lightning Returns together, and the third one is in some ways even more out there than this one. Don't play this if you haven't played FFXIII and don't play it if you don't plan on playing Lightining returns either.Once you do finish the main story, more areas open up and also a coliseum where you can fight and recruit opponents like Lightning and Snow. I think some or all of this stuff is DLC from the consoles which is nice, but i dunno if i can be bothered messing with that stuff.TL;DR gme plyble aftr fkn wid it, stry nt gud as FFXIII (also learn to read c*nt lol)"
76561198045411208,Not Recommended,292140,33062084,Posted: 30 June,all,minndawg,"Just as everyone else has pointed out... bad port of a great game. It was bad on the native machines it was designed to run on and on PC it's even worse. I really want to finish this game, hell, get more than a few hours into it but I keep having to restart my saves due to corruption or crashing with no errors... or being at the meteorite at the very beginning but the meteorite never loads. Key items I need to interact with are completely missing once I load the save. On top of that, yeah, fps and graphics are an issue still.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game 3 years after it's PC release and horrible bugs and performance still persist. Maybe they've fixed the Console issues? I'd try that first. Or an emulator."
,Recommended,292140,24505905,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Akkou,"Good game, better than the first but sadely very bad port.If you wanna play this game use this patchhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/292140/discussions/0/613948093891385301/wich unlock fps. It's usefull also for low gaming configuration."
,Recommended,292140,15609175,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sammykneen,"+ Interesting story.+ Well developed main characters and fantastic villain.+ Battle system and exploration improved from Final Fantasy XIII, with challenging post-game content.+ Beautiful character models and environments.+ Eclectic soundtrack, and great voice acting.- Story delivery can feel muddled due to the time travel elements.- Serah is a weaker lead character than Lightning.- Main story gameplay is too easy.- Framerate struggles to hold 60fps even on a CPU with high single thread performance, and Steam Cloud must be disabled to prevent crashes."
,Recommended,292140,29730631,Posted: 5 February,all,[FILF] Korishiva,"TO ANYONE WITH CRASH PROBLEMS ABOUT EVERY 15-20 MIN; TURN OFF STEAM CLOUD FOR THE GAME! It makes it crash for some reason!Now, with that out of the way, let's review the game!It's a good game, and I really like the gameplay. However, it performs poorly, even with a GTX 1070. I guess I can just tweak some settings in my Nvidia drivers, but I haven't bothered to do so yet.I'll recommend this game, simply because I personally liked it. The graphics are nice, I love the music (even though the background music should have been toned down a bit, especially during cutscenes), and the gameplay is simple and clean. I've always had a thing for advanced levling systems, so I really like the crystarium system! (Though I much more prefer the sphere grid from FFX)Overall a great game, though maybe confusing if you haven't played the first in this trilogy (some find it confusing even after playing the first game, so you got to have a clear head playing this,as you're jumping through different timelines during the game)Costumes are also very nice *nods at Serah's bikini*"
76561198063234947,Not Recommended,292140,19788025,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Legendary Weapon,gtx 980 ti gets around 20-50 average fps.I had better preformance playing this game on the xbox 360 3 years ago.  The game has been out for a year now and no dev support.Just an awful port.
,Recommended,292140,29763031,Posted: 7 February,all,line4cba,"Wow.... I am not sure why there are so many negative reviews here since my game run smoothly with no crash so far (I write this with 69 hours on the clock and I finish alomst everything in the game) Maybe they have already patched things up?Anyway, As for the game itself, it may depend on your personal preference. Some may say this is not a good ""2nd"" game of the series. But I personally think the story extended smartly and it is actually interesting. I like the development and game mechanic that they don't change too much but it is not completely the same as FFXIII, so game play still seems fresh, but familiar. You can look up some game play demo on Youtube and you will see why.The port control is as the same as FFXIII in the sense that you don't really need gamepad to play and keyboard + mouse control are implement perfectly (at least for me). Never once I though ""oh I wish I have gamepad"" and never once I feel awkward while using keyboard+mouse to play. (very easy to get used to)About game crashes..... I dunno I have never had this issue. But seems like a lot of people have it. So I would say it might be up to your computer.=== conclusion ===If you like FFXIII, you won't regret grabbing this game. But I would suggest playing around just until you are sure you have no crash issue within refundable time (EDIT: According to the comment, I think it is 2 hours game play OR 2 weeks of purchase. In any case, please look it up anyway in case they have change policy after I write this review) since it seems most of the negative reviews are about game port compatibility and not the game itself."
,Not Recommended,292140,22130501,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Akio Mitsuko,"TL;DR - If you want to play Lightning Returns and want to know about the story beforehand, I recommend skipping this broken game and reading a summary instead.I have three big qualms about this game. One involving the PC port, the other two involving the gameplay and its story.Firstly about the PC port: It is HORRIBLY BAD optimized. And I'm saying this after they had plenty of time patching the game but it seems this is as good as they're gonna make it. The game runs on a very, very weird dynamic fps capping system that generally limits your framerate very low so it doesn't spike, sometimes far lower than what you consider okay to look at. The community has found a way to remove this framerate limiter, greatly increasing the potential fps you will have. However, this will cause audio and animation during cutscenes to go out of sync if the framerate drops below 60, making most of them ridiculously stupid if they happen in a performance intense area.Secondly, the gameplay. I've never been fond of XIII's Active Time Battle system, which frankly hasn't changed very much in this game, making this already a minus. What's more is that most of the time it feels like you're fighting unnecessary encounters partly unrelated to the situation. The whole time-travelling system is also very confusing and annoying to do, gating you from progressing by having to go back and finding wild artifacts or other keys in order to progress through the main story. I suppose this was an attempt to go away from XIII's linear world but it's not better at all, making it more annoying if anything.And lastly, the story. If you enjoyed the story of FFXIII then you probably won't feel at home here. Apart from starting off somewhere near the ending of XIII and sharing its characters, it's like a fan-made alternative universe. While I understand that time travelling is playing a major role in this, it feels very disconnected from XIII. The character relations aren't reflective of XIII either, seperating it even more from being a sequel to XIII.On top of all that, Lightning Returns almost nullifies everything that happened in XIII-2 and just starts off from an almost completely unrelated universe. The only thing the 3 XIII games have in common are characters and modifications of its ATB system."
,Recommended,292140,15465516,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,UltimaCJ,"All my friends told me that FF13-2 a  was a fantastic game vs its predassor.  Mind you, like last time, I do not own a PS3 so this is my first time expereincing this game.  I will say this game was ten times better than its original.  Not as long in terms of linear play (although the game is still linear but not as linear).  Unlike the last game,you'll play as Lightnings HOT sister Serah and a new person into the mix:  Noel who comes from a ruined future.The basic theme of this game is time travelling.  I don't care much for time travel themes because they generally get confusing of where to go next (Majora's Mask / Epherial Phantasia), but the time travelling here is not confusing and it's very straight forward for the most part.  As for storyline elements keyed into the game, one might argue or have issues with it (because of time travelling and all the paradoxes that can happen but that's another disucssion).This is the first FF I think I've played were the only party members are Serah and Noel.  However, your third party member is that you tame and capture monsters.  So they took a page from the  Dragon Warrior series (nice!).  Overall done well in terms of leveling up, but it would have been nice w/o looking at a guide to guess what materials did what or looking at a shop.  Just show me the requirement like most games do, would have been nice.  Leveling up is similar but more simpfiled which is nice, although it would be nice to look far ahead like in the last 13 game to see what I'm about to learn so I can level accordingly.The combat system is back like last time, a bit more polished up but it's still a button masher here and there.  Which overall doesn't bother me.  Still as fast pace as ever with paragrham shifts.Overall....Pros:*Fantastic story!  It kept me captivated til the very end and kept me asking questions.*Fun QTE's and interactive novel like storyline presentation (novel part was a bit repeative but nothing bad).*Fantastic music, better than the last game.*More mini games and challenges and extra content upon finishing.*Unlike the last time, there are graphical settings.  Though people still complained about stablitiy, the only issue I had if there was no 360 controller plugged in, the game would stutter.  Why this happens is beyond me but should be something to be looked into especailly for those who don't have a controller.*Loved the ""previously on 13-2"" while the game loaded, very TV show like!*NO DOOM (thank GOD)Cons:*Stuttering w/o a gamepad plugged in (again may only happen on certain systems but still a con)*Felt wierd having only two key storyline characters.*Like last time, character movement would just 'stop' which became annoying for areas you needed to jump in.*Certain araes had a high encounter rate*Sometimes collecting fragments/wild artifacts to progress the game was a pain.*Finishing the game because I enjoyed it so much was sad to let it go.  Yeah story was that goodWhile I've heard 13-3 is crap, I still plan to play it because how the story was in 13-2.Overall I recommend this game, though you may want to play 13 just to see how crappy it was, but 13-2 certainly makes up for it.No DOOM was casted while writing this review."
,Recommended,292140,23680915,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JuStX2,"/soapbox onI know it gets some bad press from the Meat Grinder; but listen here; This game is far and above the game that drove me away from the series in the first place (also happens to, at this late hour, restore my faith in Final Fantasy). Yes, the story is a bit simple; and the combat system largely hasn't changed. But look - Did Final Fantasy 13 Ever have anything to do with Time Travel? Did it even begin to address the problem that up until 13 they had been adding content to the series left and right that had little or no value in gaming terms? Absolutely not. 13 Was a sad story of how a little boy and a few girls got beat up by a monster and crystalized, turned into some kind of magical alien in the interrim. It was even worse than 12's handling of the world map; even worse than the fact that FF11 was completely and stupidly MMO-Mode only. Let's face it 13 was BAD. XIII-2 gives it a second shot, and hey they still didn't get it all right but they atleast listened to their fans. What else can you ask for in a developer than a good player/dev conversation? Most Devs prior to Final Fantasy XIII-2 will tell you straight that they don't give a damn about anyone but themselves. This has largely changed by the time of the port because of things like Early Access Titles on Steam, and the community taking a sincere interest in making a better game out of a good game. OK So/soapbox offIt's a good game. But it's just my opinion, same as that jerk who wrote the 2014 corporate review thinks it's a bad game. The Only difference between him and I are taste, and tact, and maybe a considerable viewing populace.""The Best game is the one that never stops."" ~Ultimate Game Manual Page 203 Section A paragraph 13"
,Not Recommended,292140,33179114,Posted: 3 July,all,ramune,"While the base game is unchanged from its console versions, the port to the PC is more than god awful. Use Durante's GeDoSaTo if you want a game that is somewhat playable."
,Not Recommended,292140,33829241,Posted: 27 July,all,InsidiousLoyalist,"I bought and beat this game way back in the days of ps3 and the game was so great I wanted to buy it and replay it on Steam. Saddly Square Enix made a terrible port and never bothered to fix it, or have any meaningful updates to make it run better. Some people say things like ""you just need to understand your computer well enough to run it"", Sadly this isn't usually the case, since windows 10 came things only got worse so as much as I love it I'll probably never get the chance to have a good play through again. Which is really kind of sad.So I mean if you're willing to disable steam functions and manually save every few minutes so you don't lose everything over and over again then yeah sure. Anyway we need to throat punch square enix port makers or convince them to come back and fix this. Some would say it's sad that anyone gets upset over something like this, I'd argue that it only shows that the game was good and it was well enjoyed by a lot of people, that's why the port makes the fans so sad.If you want it then be prepared to be frustrated by it."
76561197963621541,Not Recommended,292140,19680311,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,xInFamousxK20,its a year after its release and the performance still has not been optimized
76561198177117634,Recommended,292140,32093933,Posted: 31 May,all,Miss K,"[Please note that I'm posting this review for all 3 games of this complex bcause it applies to them all and contains no technical nor spoiler-kind of information]So here's my recommendation for everybody who things about getting this game and heard negative comments regarding story line and characters. Content based comments. I'll not refer to the technical side of the game, since I'm not gamer enough to comment on it.If you consider buying this game, get them all. All 3 of them. FINAL FANTASY® XIII, FINAL FANTASY® XIII-2 and LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII. And play through them all in this order before you judge the storyline.This set of games has a complicated storyline with lots of details and temporary endings that won't be resolved until the very end. THat's what I really like about this series. I've heard a lot of people saying the main character Lightning is cold. Not only can I not agree with it, it's also resolved at the very end.Final Fantasy - as far as I could grasp the concept so far (I'm no expert) with it's games, movies and series - deals with the topics of things coming to some end in some sense (as in ""Final"") and the dreams, hopes, illusions people have (as in ""Fantasy""). What hope is left and born when you reach the end? So naturally there's a lot of complexity involved. A lot of ""reading between the lines"" is required. And the very best of it: as much as there's ""good"" and ""evil"", in the Final Fantasy stories there's like a TON of ""in-between"". The developers show the light and shades within everyone and everything.So, if you are not scared and interested into diving into the complexity of mankind, this game is for you.If you want to learn and see what potentials ""drama"", ""bad luck"" and ""tragedy"" can bring forth, this game is for you.If you like beautiful scenery, music and character design, this game is for you.If you like a bit of fighting (which can be adjusted in difficulty and frequency by personal taste) but mainly enjoy stories, this game is for you.This game is probably NOT for you if you ar hardcore gamer loving overly difficult gameplay, grinding and so on. You can dive into the complexity of the game and find out about all of te effect and how to use them best and you can go out for hunting for hours BUT you don't need to. I really enjoyed that part!Have fun, everyone!"
,Not Recommended,292140,13797991,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Devek,"Until a performance patch is released, do not consider purchasing this or any 13 game."
,Recommended,292140,29531880,Posted: 27 January,all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"Final Fantasy XIII-2 is a nice sequence to Final Fantasy XIII. I personally remember when this Game first came out on Xbox 360 & PS3 and after playing the first FFXIII I bought this one as the Crystal Edition. Now almost 3 years later it finally came to PC.First of all let me say that this Game does have horrible fps drops and sometimes in some areas you will experience 30fps instead of 60fps.Performance wise the first FFXIII Game was alot better on PC then this one. But let me tell you that the Third and Final Part of this series runs even smoother then the first part!In this Game unlike the first Game you can only play 2 Characters which are Serah Farron and new Character that hasn't been in the previous Game.The Fightning System has also changed a little, not just in layout but also as to how it works. Once again you have Paradigmas but this time you will be able to tame Monsters / Enemies and let them fight by your side! Each of the Monsters come with their own Role that you can level up with Monster Material.The Leveling for the Characters is such the Same as before. Once again you have the Crystarium and the CP (Crystarium Points), with the only difference that the Crystarium looks a bit different and it seems to take longer with more points then before to level up your characters.Unlike the First Game you can now explore a bit more Freely and can get up to 8 alternative Endings. With 1 of course being the main ending. Once you've unlocked all 8 differend Endings you will get a Secret Ending as well.What makes this Game on PC better then on Console? The Fact that we got almost all DLC for free (besides 2 Costumes or so but you can mod them if you really want to)The Free DlC's include some Story DLC's and also some Costumes. So once you finished the Main Game there is actually alot more to do to catch the full Story!Although this Game has its Problems, once you get passed them it is a beautiful sequence to the First Game in the Series and up to this day one of my favourite ones.Since it took me 58 Hours to complete the Main Story (without any DLC done) I do recommend this Game to anybody that loves a good jrpg and a Story Rich game for its full Price.I also do recommend this Game to any Final Fantasy Fan! Especially the ones that enjoyed Final Fantasy VII as it is in the Same Universe as such."
,Recommended,292140,19704430,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Birdkoo,"Better in some ways than Final Fantasy XIII. Sadly. the story makes little sense and was just written to set up a third game. Despite that, the villain is much better than XIII and makes a lot more sense. The monster catching is cool, and the battle system as a whole is a lot more rapid and leaner than the original. It's a good game, a decent JRPG on steam, but I';m not srure if peoplePeople are asking.... I bet this twice (80+ hours on PS3). My advice tho? Get all three games on Steam in a Sale. and play them in order. Not just for the story, but to see how Square Enix was trying to change with the times. Well worth it."
,Recommended,292140,13649913,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chicony,"After many complaints about linearity of the previous title, FF XIII-2 offers more variability of where do you want to go and how you want to proceed. Which is both good and bad, depends on how you look at it. However, to give a quick conclusion, the game is very well worth the money spent.The biggest issue I've had this time isn't the linearity of the game, but the PC port. I consider my computer as very good, yet I've had few problems. The most annoying one would be the lack of 7.1 surround sound support, and I didn't find a way to at least make it work with my Razer headset. Video stutter in cutscenes is still there and there are few locations where I've had lower FPS than I'm ok with.The story yet again feels as an interactive anime world, truly well written and astoundingly presented. It felt a bit shattered at first, but that's the part of ""don't lead the way for the players too much"". Plus, if you are fan of time travelling and consequences of changing things in the past/future, you may love this one.Character progress is more ""free"" aswell. And I don't think you can actually develop your characters so badly you won't be able to finish the game. If you don't grind a lot, it will be hard, though. I've spent a lot of time in final battles that were also close to death, it wasn't just about not enough damage.The battle system was slightly improved. Ok, it's nearly the same, BUT. There is one big BUT for me - the pre-emptive strike finally does not start an hour-long animation of hitting every little enemy, instead, it's like one quick Blitz attack and that's it!I was missing characters, though. From the start to the end, you'll be forced to play with Noel and Serah (yeah, and the Mog) + some monster Serah is able to capture. And also cinematics. There really is only the opening and ending, everything else are just regular cutscenes, I think.But well, I don't think this game was as good as the first one (story-wise), because it didn't have that much touching moments, but it's still Final Fantasy. And a very good game.I definitely recommend this, Kupo!"
,Recommended,292140,20098480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,brianbcdefg123,"As a spinoff, it's not everyone's Final Fantasy. But it does attempt to rectify some of the problems that XIII had.First, the story, which is a weakness. I do not believe XIII-2 or Lightning Returns should have been attached to XIII. Each of them convolute the story so much, adding and changing the mythos in unnecessary ways. Personal beef aside, XIII-2 takes place... uh, anytime and everytime after XIII. That's right, you'll be traveling through time. It continues after XIII and retcons the happy ending. Series heroine Lightning has disappeared, and as her younger sister Serah, the only one who seems to remember her, you need to team up with Noel, the last survivor of humanity in the far-off future, to find the source of a timeline disturbance and fix it.The combat is similar to XIII, which is a more dynamic version of the ATB system from many other FF games. The difference here is that you always play as the same two characters, plus your choice of captured monster. In this game, you can recruit enemy monsters, each with a specific combat role (medic, physical attacker, magic attacker, etc.), as opposed to Serah and Noel who can change roles. You can change combat roles for your party on the fly during battle to react to the situation.Exploration is limited, each area is self-contained and you travel between each area/time via a menu. Some locations are used more than once, and you can explore them in different times to reach new areas and quests. Also unlike FFXIII, you can get sidequests from the beginning of the game. Completings quests will get you fragments, the chief indicator of progress. There are 160 fragments to collect. On the surface, I like the concept of fragments, reminiscent of Sonic Adventure's emblems. Most are single challenges. You'll have about half of them or maybe less if you're just gunning for the end (if memory serves). There is a meaty postgame, but it does get slow and annoying at times (but not as slow as FFXIII) and the fragment that has you logging battles with every single monster will be annoying, but perfectly passable with a guide. The Paradox Ending concept is also annoying too. Oh, and the quizzes in Academia. You would probably not know how to get all of them without a guide. Also unlike FFXIII, levels are not just single tunnels, but Academia (all time periods, really) is an unneccessary overcompensation. It's huge and confusing.Ah, almost forgot! The port. Both XIII and Lightning Returns are better that XIII-2. Nearly everyone has encountered slowdown with this game. It is simply not optimized well. That said, it never became unplayable for me, and I mean ACTUALLY unplayable instead of 'OMG it's 59 FPS instead of 60 FPS' like some people who use that term. This does dip below 30 FPS at points where I could run XIII at a pretty smooth 60 throughout. I can deal with that, but some people can't. It does not excuse Square Enix from doing that to us. The game's $20, though, so yeah.In summary, the game is worth the price. You'll have to deal with lag and a story that simply didn't need to happen, but you have a fun battle system and more exploration than FFXIII in return."
76561197970207486,Recommended,292140,22959309,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sim Lim Kena Raided,"Compatibility:Worked well with no lag for my Windows 7 desktop with a Radeon HD6900. No problems with my Windows 7 laptop with a GeForce GTX860M. Steam cloud sync works perfectly and I am able to play the game on both rigs perfectly, except for that one time when my internet was down and the cloud sync did not work (duh). You can play it offline and it will sync once you have internet again.Having a playstation controller is highly recommended to enjoy the game!! Don't listen to keyboard players who complain about a game made for a PS controller.Battle System:This is the best part of the game! As someone who has played FF6 - 9, the battle system of FFXIII-2 was extremely refreshing and challenging. Throughout the battles, you will need to switch between modes in order to damage, mitigate damage, debuff and buff your party, failing which you will just die. And die again. And again. Fortunately, when you die you will be given the option to respawn at the same point prior to the battle or retry the battle, which saves alot of time. Also, if you think you're gonna lose the battle, simply press start and retry to have another shot at it.You get a chance to tame monsters after you have defeated them. Catch em, level them and infuse their abilities to other monsters to create your own unique monster!If you're looking for a game that you could simply press O and you could cruise through battles with ease, this is not for you. Go play dota 2 or something.Levelling System:You earn crystarium points after battles or side quests and can use it to level up your party's crystarium, gaining new abilities etc. Level up wisely in order to maximise your stat gains!Story:The storyline feels kind of lame and slow at the start, but believe me when I say the character story developers did a fantastic job of making me have dem feels for both the protagonist and the villain. BTW, there are multiple hidden endings for the game if you can defeat / unlock them, or you could just youtube it if you're lazy.Sidequests:CHOCOBO RACING AND A CASINO! You also get all the additional digital downloadable content Square Enix launched after you complete the game!Music / Soundtrack:After playing the game, I purchased the OST from ebay. The music made for this game is phenomenal. Lolz were had when I rode the red chocobo for the first time.Overall:Just play it, you will like it. Unless you dont like chocobos or behemoths fighting for you, then fine, you win."
,Recommended,292140,21320149,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Cickarn,Compared to FFXIII1. No auto-jump2. No Eidolons3. Limited to 2 controllable characters4. Beasts are tamable5. You can change outfits6. Open-world feel (not linear storyline)7. Challenging treasure hunting8. You can earn Gil from battles and buy items.9. Interesting puzzles10. Flexible
76561198161668696,Recommended,292140,22698353,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bobbythefish,"I admit I found it a little hard to get into this game after it's epic intro battle. It opens up into a horrible camera view/controls and what I crazy and unfitting music. Once I got settled into it though, I really liked it. The story contributes to the events of the first game in mind blowing ways. If you were confused by the first game, this one will make more sense of it.The visuals and soundtracks are amazing. I found myself lingering in a lot of areas just to see more of the scenery and listen to the music.When I found the plot involved time and inter dimensional travel, I was a little worried but I think it was pulled off pretty well.Fair warning though, some parts of this game that are part of the main story are very difficult, but they are rewarding enough to make up for it."
76561198105101222,Not Recommended,292140,31326689,Posted: 23 April,all,iSagan,"Bugs and technical issues out right stop you from playing what you purchased without hours of attempted fixes. I tried to start up the game and a massively loud buzzing sound came through my head set. I found a fix for that. Then after that, the game was constantly freezing once every 5 seconds for about 10 seconds before I could click 'new game' on the title screen.My specs are more than enough to run in, they just didn't create a stable game. These are common issues for a lot of the people who bought this game."
,Not Recommended,292140,20030753,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Trumanator,Very good game but you have more chance of getting a pet dodo than running this maxed out at a decent frame rate.
76561198054023535,Recommended,292140,14602457,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"This is probably the most MIXED REVIEW I have ever given on Steam.  Overall, I do recommend buying this game ""IF"" you bought and loved playing FF13, for the story and graphics if nothing else.  HOWEVER --- and this is where I go off on a complete rant about this game.  This sequel takes a complete turn to how you will play the game, and in my opinion, takes you far far away from the original.  ***BUYER BEWARE, you may spend as much time online researching this game than you do actually playing it.  Because, it is not very intuitive and does lack significantly the continuity of this game overall.  It's hard to follow; ALL of the various paths you are suppose to follow, when and where to find the fragments/ items you need to continue moving forward, once you figure out where you are suppose to go, so very much more.  You are left saying much of the time ""exactly WHAT is my objective now?!""  You cannot and will not finish this game without having external help [period].  Don't let anyone tell you differently, because they are lying and/ or braggarts, and you will get plenty of these examples in the brag-thoughs on Youtube and other various places like I have.  I mean, I do not mind doing ""some"" research online about the games I am playing.  But, I do not like having to keep pausing my game just to finding out that once again I cannot do what I must do, for that road too is yet another dead end.  there are the endless puzzles/ rifts to solve that will rack your brain, and/ or the minimal amount of keys to unlock gates (wild fragments) to continue further, and/ or they are completely hidden like an easter egg hunt, constantly.  This game is complete chaos as far as trying to figure out what/ where to do/ go next!!!... But, YEAH!, people that hated FF13 seem to just love FF13-2, and visa versa, people that love FF13 seem to hate this game.  At least this is my concensus?!... Oh, and the pro's to this game; excellent character development, storyline, graphics, diverse gameplay, multi-purpose gaming (separate gaming abilities; stragegy, action, adventure, etc.), and I've been told it has great replaying qualities to continue your character developement and alternative realities.  So after the end, you can reshape different endings.  While I'll be happy just to get to one type of ending.  LOL ;)"
,Recommended,292140,23829600,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mab1492,Overall better than the first game in my opinion but still not as fun as the other Final Fantasy games.
,Recommended,292140,19762099,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Xanthey Belmont,"I picked this game up after finishing FF XIII, because the story was addicting and my wife and myself got really attached to the characters. I was slightly disappointed to see that Serah was really the only character from the previous game that you got to interact with on a regular basis. I got over that pretty quickly, however. The story for this game is fantastic, on par with the previous game.. if not maybe just a bit better. The combat system is the same as the previous game, so if you liked it in FFXIII this game is just a rehash of that system. There is a difference in party makeup though. Instead of a 3-character party makeup you have the same two characters the entire game (Serah and Noel) but have the ability to capture, train, level, and use field monsters as your third party member. At first this seemed lame, but shortly after there became a collector aspect of it that i really enjoyed. Having a party of nothing but multicolored chocobos was really fun. You may also see complaints about the game not running well; as long as you arent expecting 60 FPS on max settings while trying to play this on a laptop you borrowed from work.. you'll be fine. The game ran at 59.97 FPS @1080p and all settings to their maximum (and also extended settings via the Nvidia cpl) consistently on my gaming machine, which is a couple of years old at this point. If you enjoyed FFXIII, go ahead and grab this one too. You will love the evolution of the story. There is also DLC that i won't spoil, but you really want to play it after beating the game. Trust me, and trust the tiny chocobo living in my hair."
76561198084881507,Not Recommended,292140,29872672,Posted: 12 February,all,CptCookiediet,"While FF XIII-2 was a fun game back on the PS3, I seriously advice against anyone buying this game. It seems SE hasn't done much to optimize this game for pc, and after releasing they simply forgot about it. The vast majority of people playing this game are experiencing FPS drops and CTDs. You'd think there'd be a patch or at least a notice from SE addressing the issue, but nothing. For me this means I have a constant stutter and completely random CTDs every 5-15 minutes rendering the game absolutely unplayable. If you want to play this game, play it on ps3. The pc port simply isn't worth it in its current state."
,Recommended,292140,24872476,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Michael,"FFXIII-2 is really a great game at its core. Much more open-world than its predecessor, the game should bring hours of exploration and enjoyment, but only if you can look through the cons of a truly terrible port.Running at GTX980 in dual-SLI + i7 6700K@4.5GHz, the game won't run at 60fps more than 70% of the time. A 30fps limit seems to appear randomly. All cutscenes are pre-rendered, hence the enormous size of the game (30GB).Amazing game, terrible port."
,Not Recommended,292140,28768846,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DAZ187,Unplayable.i have turned off cloud data. it crashes when trying to save to cloud.has to be played in windowed mode. fullscreen causes more fps drops.cant even hold 30fps let alone 60fps.the game just randomly freezers. and crashes in game and stops responding randomly.its been 2 years now. so i doubt it will ever be fixed.
76561198051868649,Not Recommended,292140,24689890,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BeanpoL,"tldr: DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME, DON'T SUPPORT A COMPANY THAT DOESN'T CARE ABOUT IT'S FANS!!Love the game, but can Square Enix please just optimize it so it doesn't have constant frame drops? I realise making a profit is important and not spending unnecessary time on an already released title is a good idea, but this is rediculous. I'll recommend the game once this is fixed.I have contacted the Square Enix support email address and all I get are copy paste replys about how I must turn off other programs that are running like my firewall and antivirus... In my messages I asked legitimate questions and explained how it is definitely something wrong with the game and not my pc, but all I get are some copy pastas? You've got to be kidding... From a company that I used to respect and admire greatly, they've just turned into money hungry f*ckbois."
,Recommended,292140,13920532,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Apathy Dogon,"Warning. This is a personal review. Everyone has their own opinions and Mine are just shown throughout this review.If you did not play the first game do not worry you are not missing out too much.HOWEVERThis game is much more open compared to the significantly linear FF13. I believe that is one reason why people hated the first game.This game will use various tactics to keep you from progressing at a later point in the game which really will annoy anyone who plays this game. The puzzle challenges for example are by far the most annoying additions to this game.COULD BE LIKE ANY OTHER FF GAME WITH A BOSS BUT NO. PUZZLE CHALLENGES ARE ALL THE RAGE.Seriously, that crap made me stop playing. And sure I could go and watch someone do them, but I'd rather do it myself, especially seeing as my network connection isnt that great especially with video content.ANYWAY other than the annoyancesFor the good things so far-RESOLUTIONS:CAN CHANGE TO SOMETHING OTHER THAN 720p-A lot of elements from the first game reappear, giving you some idea just how the first game went.-A LOT of crap people hated in the first game is fixed(Like, if the leader dies, it used to be game over, yeah no, thats gone now)-If you have played Tales of Symphonia 2 THIS GAME FEELS SLIGHTLY LIKE ITWell in battle that is. You will only have two playable characters, and other characters like Snow joining in, but not in the party as they are not of the same timeline.-You will also be able to collect monsters to help in battle which is cool.Oh they also troll you a bit by making the game look like an older FF tittle, (like with an actual level system) But its not.-You get all DLC from the ps3 version included too!TL:DR the game is vastly more simplified than the original, My guess is the creators saw how annoying the first game was and aimed to change it up somewhat.The bad-THERE IS NO LINUX PORT. STEAM TROLLS YOU.-Character selection and world/timeline selection can be a pain to deal with at first and for some reason to me if feels like I'm playing kingdom hearts in a way due to Noels looks, however like all games you play for hours, you will get used to it.-The AI has a mind of its own, screwing up story lines, in more than one way.--Becareful how you talk to people, the camera may be in an odd position-Grinding does help lots here, ESPECIALLY WHEN THE GAME TROLLS YOU TO TAKE ON BOSSES WAY HIGHER LEVEL INSTEAD OF GOING THROUGH THE WHOLE MISSON TO MAKE IT EASIER.-Graphics options are available although limited. SE seemed to have borrowed the settings changer that was created for the first game, however I will say one thing..>>There is no option to change the texture quality, so you WILL NEED A HIGH END PC FOR THIS GAME<<-Even though its a PS3 Port, the game has a significant performance hit even on low settings. So if you played the first game, thinking you can play the second one easily, think again.-The AUTOSAVE FEATURE WILL KILL YOU: By being stressed out, as for some reason steam needs to be not only online and active, but if steam gets disconnected, the game will LOCK UP DURING AUTOSAVE MOMENTS. Just keep that in mind if you have a faulty internet connection or you are playing during times where steam goes down for repairs.-----------------------------------------------------Over all I have nothing really bad to say about this port. This game  does however raise the question on if i shall buy the third installment of FF13 as even though the first game was mainly linear, I preferred it over this one currently. There is alot Square could do to make this game better and a lot of things that i hope do not transition to FF15 when it does arrive, assuming it comes out for PC. anywho gameplay wise It is much better to play over the original, and even though there could be a few more fixes here and there. I'm sure with the right system you would be able to play this game maxed out, however currently this game is as demanding as something like witcher 2 So keep that in mind when trying to play this game.Also for you tech heads out there, this game is multi(meaning 2) threaded.High clocked strong CPU cores are recommended. (so FX minumum, Intel core i7 or something above 4ghz)GPU Wise: RADEON HD 7870/7790 and above / NVidia GTX 750 TI and above (for 1080p gameplay)Ram isn't really an issue, so minimum being 3gb, lol."
,Recommended,292140,32369904,Posted: 12 June,all,XxMEMELORDxX,"The only Final Fantasy XIII game i've completed to the end.The combat is alright despite the hate towards it in the thirteenth series with the main problem being how linear the game is with how much Square Enix invests into Final Fantasy.This is probably the best entry out of the three the Final Fantasy XIII games.*I had no crashes, errors or issues running this game*"
76561197990762855,Not Recommended,292140,28704163,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BurnedMyself,"The port of FF 13 was more than adequate. I am not sure what happened with FF 13-2. The graphics seem downgraded compared to 13 and I'm pretty sure the game doesnt actually render in higher than 720p. I play on a 1440p monitor and the game is SUPER blurry and low res. I also have a GTX 1080 and the game struggles to stay above 30 fps and has constant drops and fluctuations. I'm a sucker for Final Fantasy games so I was able to look past this and get into the game. The story is kind of all over the place due to the time travel aspect and definitely more of a non-linear game. I was getting drawn into it but about 10 hrs in and now my game crashes 4/5 times that I try and save the game. I've lost tons of progress and it's super frustrating having to save every 5 minutes fearing that the game will crash. Then, if the game does crash you have to take the time to restart it and replay those lost minutes. I really hope that Square Enix can release a patch to address all this."
76561198117480214,Not Recommended,292140,24752712,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,A Spooky Ghost,"I cannot get this game to run on even a smooth 30fps even with all the ""fixes"" if find online it still doesnt run smoothly and crashes constantly. Im using an i5 4460 and an R9 390 and 8gb of ram. This is my first review due too a terrible port to pc I do not reccomend this at all."
,Not Recommended,292140,28497789,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Braveheart,"Unplayable. The worst port I've ever played. The content looks cool, too bad this game runs like hot garbage. If you spent $4,000 on your PC, maybe you can get this thing to run at 30 fps. The rest of us suckers are stuck looking at a 720p game running at 20 fps or lowerAnd I also can't seem to change the resolution, so anything that's not windowed 720p looks like upscaled 720p. Maybe I'm doing something wrong here, but I shouldn't have to spend 6 hours trying to figure out how I can run a PS3 game on my computer"
,Recommended,292140,17729330,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Pip,"I just can't seem to like the character develop system. It's just so meh, as is the combat. Even on FFXII you had more freedom.Game features beautiful places to explore and a very confusing nice story. I still recommend it."
,Not Recommended,292140,15058882,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,squaллe,"Okay, here's a summary: the game itself is really good, the story is rubbish, graphics are decent, the port is atrocious."
,Recommended,292140,22802494,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Elf,"A bit improvement from the first one but still has outstanding flaws that just pulled the game down. Characters are improved with the introduction of some new characters and I absolutely love them. Cauis may be one of my most favourite villain and I think he needed more exposure.Nevertheless, the story was great, the settings were good, the characters are awesome but the gameplay still has flaws from the first game. However, they did try to improve it and I can say it has improved a bit.Oh, and QTE.8/10. Would twist the timeline again."
76561198281752153,Not Recommended,292140,33165728,Posted: 2 July,all,Strafe,"Early review (8 hours in) and I am having a hard time enoying this game because of it being such a terrible port. That's not to say I don't enjoy what the game has to offer story-wise, and gameplay wise - I actually enjoy it. It's just that every other time I save either from the menu or the Crux Historian, the game crashes hence making me restart all my progress from where I didn't save and its such an inconvenience. I did every troubleshooting possible and no good + the fact that I have a gaming laptop that should run this game just fine.Also not a big fan of disabling steam cloud because I would lose all my hard-earned progress and I do factory resets ever so often. ~ Guess I'll be skipping to the next game in the trilogy!"
,Recommended,292140,29954571,Posted: 15 February,all,「 Sleepy 」 (>_<) /,has it's new time travel feature since the previous game which effectively tells the story. Also added a moogle character that's pretty cute and the new chocobos are an improvement to travel faster in the game. overall recommend.
,Recommended,292140,23573703,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,tristanljesse,"It was a fun game but there are considerable performance issues with the port. I had to lock the frame rate to 30 to get it to run nicely and I would still experience slow downs during some heavy cutscenes and battles.I liked the freedom compared to XIII but I feel like the story was a bit convoluted. It didn't really have a purpose until near the end, where I thought the story really shined. Overall I liked XIII story a lot better.Game play was great, quicker battles than XIII and the monster in your party was a cool feature to play around with. I miss the different characters from the original, though there are a couple cameo's, it just makes the game feel thinner to me.7/10"
76561198041034584,Recommended,292140,30354780,Posted: 6 March,all,Pickle Riiiiick,"There are a lot of bad reviews, but this is not one of them.I can see that this port needs some tweaking, but a quick Google search solves all of these problems and I haven't experienced any further and I've played for more than 70 hoursThe game itself:If you didn't like FF XIII, well, I didn't as well, but I REALLY liked this one. The two main characters are not as annoying and ""kitschy""as the FF XIII cast and the gameplay is also not that straight forward. It keeps a similar game and fight mechanic but adds a lot of depth with companion mechanic and some Pokemon-esque flair of catching and training your follower. Collecting fragments is rarely tidious and the alternate endings are also quite interesting to watch. Some fights are demanding, yet not unfair. Especially the included DLCs represent a rather large step in difficulty and need proper strategy and setup.The music is AMAZING. One of the very few games where I bought the OST.Personally, I do not think that this game,like FF XII and Lightning returns as well, should carry the name of ""Final Fantasy"" in their name, since the style differs too much from the classic games. It is not a good Final Fantasy but still a good to very good game.Don't be fooled yb the huge amount of negative reviews from people who are seemingly unable to google the tweaks for this game"
,Recommended,292140,13468942,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,🅼🅰🅳 🅼🅰🆇 ✓,+ Pc Port+ Xbox Controller support+ Great story+ Upgrading characters+ Beautiful cutscenes and Game Graphics+ Steam Cards+ Steam Achievements+ Time traveling+ 60 fps + 1080p+ Choose EndingAnd more ......- NothingI Love This Game <3
76561198018083635,Not Recommended,292140,34176709,Posted: 11 August,all,Toph,"A great game, but a terrible port. It's really a shame SE seems to refuse to patch issues on a few of its PC ports."
76561198062240481,Recommended,292140,19151426,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Undead,"I absolutely love the game, and found myself totally absorbed in everything it has to offer."
,Recommended,292140,13576092,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sc4rlet ra1n,"There seems to be a lot of hate around this game. For me, after having played all three of the XIII,XIII-2 and LR, I must say this one is my favourite.Pros:- Open world(no more linear parts, you can backtrack and run around all you want)- No time limit(this is my main and big problem about LR)- Customizable 3rd party member(through a monster catching system)- Serah(+Laura Bailey as CV, what more do you want?)- Graphics(:O)Cons:- Story can be somewhat insconsistent at times(though still quite enjoyable)- 2 out of 3 party members are irreplaceable for the whole game- You can battle by pushing just one single button through the automatic system, making it kinda boring if you keep doing it.I had originally bought this on my PS3, wasted hours and hours, and now I've got it on Steam as well. I don't regret a single damned penny given.Give it a try, at less than 20€ it's a really good deal, given that we get so many DLCs for free as well!"
76561198118194905,Not Recommended,292140,29542298,Posted: 28 January,all,mirrors-edge,"A continuation of the same discordant, incoherent design process that left the first installment in the series unable to fulfill its potential and what prompted them to have to rename Versus 13 as Final Fantasy 15 in what was one of the most embarrassing presentations in video game history.The trick to making a good sequel, is to make the story far enough apart from the original to convey a sense of continuity and progression to the player, whilst making it not too far apart so as to leave the player feeling like they're in fact playing a game that isn't a sequel at all. Final Fantasy 13-2 fails in the latter sense, by gutting the original story at the point of its conclusion and relegating all existing playable characters to little more than inconsequential cameo roles, thus destroying any sense of connection players of the first game in the series might have established with either the story, or the characters in it.The new playable characters are weak, uncharismatic and instantly forgettable, this is made all the worse by the fact that there are only two playable characters in the game, so there are no strong party characters around to carry them. You can of course add Gremlin Type A or otherwise any one of a number of the million types of anonymous creatures roaming around on Pulse to your battle team, but as cool a concept as that is, it doesn't make up for the lack of playable characters here.They said Moogles would be back in 13-2, but given the fact that half the population of Pulse is unaware they're even real and most of them thinks your one; most creatively named ""Mog"" by the story producers, is a stuffed toy that runs on batteries, one has to wonder just how ""back"" they are.The leveling in this game is atrocious, it really is, to the extent that you have to buy the guide to make any meaningful sense of it, perhaps that was deliberate, I don't know, but planning character progression in any meaningful sense in the this game is barely possible. The all new re-designed crystarium, pretty much leaves you leveling up blind as what the future might hold in store, it is much less clearly presented than the crystarium of the previous game and will leave you either hitting up Google to work out what the hell you're supposed to do with it, or just repeatedly spamming the blasted thing until you run out of CP.The graphics are average even when measured by those of the era in which the game was released. In this PC version, frame drops are constant, performance is poor and there's little to nothing you can do about it, there may have been one or two times where my GPU has managed to dump a full second's worth of frame's onto my screen without half of them going missing down the Historia Crux, but if there were I didn't notice them. I'm using a Skylake i5 build with a GTX1070, I lose as many frames gaming at 4k as I do at 1080p, which doesn't make sense, but then time travel can be a tricky thing.The sound track, is the worst RPG video game sound track I have ever heard. Although the music is very creative and I am eclectic enough to have thrash metal, easy listening and techno on the same play list, in a fantasy adventure video game it is entirely inappropriate, nonsensical, stupidity. The music in this game, provides absolutely no sense of immersion and is in no way, at any point complimentary to ANYTHING you are ever doing, anywhere in space or time... EVER. It is beyond merely pondering the question ""what were they thinking?"", a paradox, more serious a threat to the space time continuum I feel, than any you are likely to encounter in this game's story. Add to that the fact that you can't adjust the music's volume, or turn it off and you just end up wanting to tear off your eyelids and scrunch them up into ear plugs. On the bright side, I have found a new jingle to use as my wake up alarm in the battle analysis theme.Many lamented the publisher's decision to bring battle transitions back in the first game of the series, considering them to be a gameplay flow violating necessity of yesteryear's technology, but they've gone one further in this game and from the ark of nostalgia have resurrected random encounters also. The environments you walk around in this game are utterly devoid of all animate life, until suddenly you find yourself; out of nowhere, accosted by the Cei'th, the Flan and the Fuggly and it happens, every god damn 30 seconds. Getting from point A to B, without being incessantly interrupted by this game putting unavoidable, completely unforeseeable obstacles in front of you makes the task of circumnavigating this game's world an irritating, rage inducing, nightmare. Random Encounters were best left down the Historia Crux, along with Battle Transitions, leave nostalgia to the emulators, or that SNES we've all had stuck up in the attic for the last 30 years, there they were necessary, here and now, they're just a pain in the eyeball. I have ""twitches"", this game's insistence that I must stop what I'm doing and do something else I don't want to do, whenever it wants me to, unconditionally, thrice minutely, has given me a tick.Although this game is more balanced than the first in the series, it still suffers from putting unbeatable enemies in your way whenever it feels like it, all you can do in this instance, is run around areas you've already explored, fighting fights you've already won, against enemies you've already beaten, leveling up, over and over. Fortunately, you're never short of enemies, just spend 30 seconds walking in a straight line, through an abandoned tunnel or sun kissed meadow and as if my magic, they'll find you, again and again and again and again and again, until you literally want to die, as painfully as possible, so in the last seconds of your existence, you can be reminded again of what it felt like to have the will to live. You could of course drop the difficulty level to easy, but then I just end up getting infuriated by the developer's apparent lack of interest in creating sensibly leveled enemies. The game even suggests that you can you can drop the battle difficulty to easy to overcome tough opponents, when I read that, I saw ""couldn't be bothered to spend time building coherently leveled areas"".Will I continue playing? Absolutely, because I want to see just how thoroughly awful this game can get, oh and I'm training to be a monk, so I want to subject myself to as much abject torture and irritation as possible, to enhance my sense of patience and make me realize just how much more complete my life would be without video games. Not only that, but I'm looking forward to playing Final Fantasy 13 - Lightning Returns and want to make sure the bar is really, really low, so I wont be disappointed 3 times in a row.EDIT - Now over 60 hours in and losing the will to live. The game encourages you to find collectables throughout, which requires you to revisit levels you've already beaten the rotten corpse of to death 10 times over and explore, but it never leaves you alone for long enough to do so. As written earlier, this game constantly interupts you, it can't leave you alone for 30 seconds, it's one of the rudest, most intrusive video games I have played in the modern era, it just bombards you over and over with repetivie, monotonous battles you can win with one finger and and A button.I can only imagine that nobody involved in creating this game ever actually took the time to sit down and play it and that because of that, didn't grow to develop any appreciation for how annoying it is. That profressional game designers, made some of the design decicions that plague this game like an insurmountable infestation of unparalleled buggery, is beyond all reasonable comprehension, I can only imagine it must be some kind of time paradox, that gave them all brain rot a few milliseconds after they started."
,Recommended,292140,13447030,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Super Nintendan,"Pretty good port overall, has a fair amount of options along with running very smoothly. I've only had one crash in over 20 hours of play. If you liked FF13 you'll liked this one more. I feel  it has done everything better so far, plus no more twenty hour tutorial. They've also added monster catching and training into the mix which I find quite enjoyable. Finding the right rare spawn and building the team you want and giving them the right abilities and traits is more fun than it sounds. I'm running three different colored Chocobo's. The game does however drag in some parts, (looking at you academia levels) but overall for the $15 I spent I'm having more fun than I expected."
76561198071580360,Not Recommended,292140,32055029,Posted: 29 May,all,thelastmageonearth,This PC port of the game runs terribly slow. I even at 1080p running on 2 gtx 980ti  im getting dipps less than 20fps and battles turn into slow motion sequences.  But at least at 1080p it seams to stop crashing when you try to save your game.  I had been playing in 4k at similar  fps but every time i saved or went back to the crux the game crashed.  Same thing in 2k as well.  Horrible port. Broken in my opinion.  Sad
,Recommended,292140,21065261,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Whocares,"Solid game, at least better than I expected.  My main complaint is collecting the gravitron cores and the final boss was very tedious and added a significant amount of play time.Make sure you disable cloud steam save otherwise your game will crash everytime it autosaves."
,Recommended,292140,24515057,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Wolf Angelus,"In comparison to FF13, we are given a ton more free roam this time. The images on missions typically tell you where to go and for the story you just need to pay attention except about mid-game, you have to go through wild artefact portals till you find the right one which if you are unlucky, will be the very last one and make you go find more wild artefacts first. Another massive change is instead of having a large party, you play as either Serah or Noel and also have 1 animal companion which has its own rule, can be upgraded etc. Most encounters in the game can be turned into an assistant character for your 3rd slot.The story concept focuses on time travel and rifts so it can get very confusing but also a change to the typical Final Fantasy. The theme is what I would call despair, so it is more sad oriented rather than a happy fantasy and this concept is used throughout the whole story. You have the option to revert all progress in that map which is useful so you can never really mess up and only need to do a single play through + revert time to accomplish everything. The battle system is the same as FF13, just a more polished UI and for the most part, the game is easier and requires less grinding and there are less gaps in stats between you and the enemy. There are not many choices for equipment this time as the weapons you get are very linear and you just buy these from the store. The other equipabbles are accessories which each have a consumption value and you have a maximum value that you can fill up with accessories. There is no upgrading this time, so if any aspect of this game is linear, it would be the items you get.The music is what is truely amazing throughout the whole game and what really makes it enjoyable. There is an easy option so if you want to experience the soundtrack and just play the story, that would be a possibility.The puzzles... well the clock one can be really annoying and gets very tedious, there is a site on Google that you can put in the values and get the solution if these gets frustrating or tedious. The platform and connect the dots are more enjoyable.There are 2 technical issues encountered, one is the regular fps drops which is mostly during free-roam, so it doesn't ruin anything. Cutscenes and battles never were affected for me. The other issue is rather annoying and that is this strange super load static buzz when opening the game. A trip to google will give you the info on setting a certain file to admin which eliminated the noise.Overall it was fun for a playthrough, the music was the highlight of it all, the combat entertaining, story decent enough. Playing as Serah in her swimsuit was fun too. Noel can go away though, he reminds me of Sora from Kingdom Hearts with the voice of Tidus from FF10. Caius was cool.Personal experience score: 9/10Story: 8/10 - Can be confusing because it is based on time travelling between rifts, but it was something different and better than FF13. A lot more despair in this one though which is why it intrigues me.Sound: 10/10 - The soundtrack shines pretty quickly with some epic and intense music that rivals FF14 primal fights,Graphics: 8/10 - Great improvement from FF13 PS3 version. However it has fps quite a few fps drops while free roaming.Controls: 9/10 - Pretty much what you know from FF13, switching between roles for those large attacks can be annoying when you have to move fast and scroll through the list.Game Length: 10/10 - 40 hours of content about if you do a large portion of the adventuring and collecting. A bit more if you want to get max gear and do the super bosses in the coliseum."
76561198050021269,Recommended,292140,13691216,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,lunarvida,"It's a solid JRPG with a unique story and premise. Graphics are amazing, cut scenes are fantastic, gameplay is fun and customizable and a this sequel has a lot more exploration than the first"
,Not Recommended,292140,15630452,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MetalGearPony,Horrible Port! I'm getting very subpar framerates and my graphics card should be more than capable to handle this game on medium.
,Recommended,292140,25934322,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cheddington,"Originally held off getting this game for the PS3 after finding out there was only 2 playable characters, and again you could only control 1 character at any one time; however I'm glad i picked this game up eventually on the PC, the gameplay is great, imo a lot better than FFXIII.Would definitely recommend playing with a controller (Although that may be due to me being so used to playing Final Fantasy games on a console, playing them with a keyboard feels very awkward)."
76561197980692627,Recommended,292140,28738386,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sholid,"I own this for my PS3 and decided to get it on PC. 100% trophies then, going to get 100% achievements now. Anyways, to review the fact that it is a port, it's not bad. It's crashed twice within a couple of hours (near the beginning of the second chapter), and has gotten slightly choppy in a few cutscenes (maybe 15-20fps). I have the game on full settings, which would be 1080p, 16xAA, and 8K shadowing. The main components of my system are...AMD FX 8370 Eight-Core 4.0GHzXFX Nvidia Geforce GTX 970 4GB16 GB 1600MHz RAMWindows 10 64-BitSo, seeing as how I can make almost ultra settings in the new Doom, it should've fully worked for a game several years old. It does, it's fully playable, it's just that the odd massive effect(s) can get in the performance's way. I'm setting compatibilty to Windows 7, so I'll update if it has a lack of crashing. I heard Windows 10 started it. EDIT: Still crashes. Not every few minutes or anything, but I think it may have something to do with autosaves.IMPORTANT EDIT: While inconvienent, there is a way to stop the game's crashing. Just disable it's cloud saving within it's properties in Steam. Never crashed again. How to fix the frames? Don't get cocky with your computer. I know, the game should be high-end friendly, but it isn't. Lower the shadow resolution (4K works decent for me). 8K can actually be a bit too crisp with shadows, so like PC Gamer mentioned, use 2K - 4K. As much as some complain about the graphics altogether, deal with it. Games are supposed to be fun, not just pretty. That's why I hate mentioning graphic quality when it's not necessary.The other problem with it's porting would be the interface/messages. Myself, and I'm sure many others, use the 360 controller. It works great. Feels just like the console. The problem is, the game doesn't care. It has a controller layout screen in the title's settings, but every in-game message will tell you commands for the keyboard. You'll have to realize that the in game controller showing setting will need to be changed, as well as the title (at least, that's the only way it worked for me). The keyboard controls look like crap too, so I fully recommend controller.Were I not to talk about it being a port, I'd give it a 9/10. Some days, I may change my mind and say 8/10, but it's still really good. It fixes the main-character-game-over problem from the first game, and adds a monster using ability. The random-enconter fashion it uses is cool to experience for people wanting somewhat old-game type random encounters (not exactly the same). The part about it I love the most is the reality/time travel. It's really neat to go to some of the same places in the future/past or after a different event happens that would change the future.Negatives? Well, you still have to understand a little bit about FFXIII. Like the Fal-Cie, the Cocoon, and so on. They're not too important, but it's just good to know some of these things in order to understand a few conversations. My reason for this being a negative is that I never came to understand everything in the first game, so recognizing it now, especially after a couple of years away from it, is hard. The other negative? Well, it has a sequel. A crappy one. I really want to explain my reason as to why I mention this, but that would involve telling a bit about the story, and I don't want to put out spoilers.Anyways, great game, recommend to any RPG player without a picky, Square-hating, closed-in mind. I know a few. They're terrible to talk to about FF games.Oh, and you have to press ESC to exit. No menu selection. Just thought I'd add that."
,Recommended,292140,25083274,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Joe Majewski,"I never write reviews on here, and it was actually almost a year ago that I played through this (or possibly longer). I just want to make sure that people know that this game is actually really awesome. In my opinion, it's the best in the XIII trilogy.I was really close to getting all of the achievements in this game, but there are a couple that would have required some serious time investment to acquire.A lot of people play RPGs because of the storyline, etcetera, but I pick up these games because I love the character progression. I love seeing numbers pop up as I damage enemies, and I enjoy being able to measure my progress in terms of gear, skills, and levels. This game has a nice, steady progression, where you are gaining skill points after every battle.If you are sitting on the fence with this one, I urge you to give it a proper playthrough. I think you'll enjoy it as well."
,Recommended,292140,14937242,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SkylXTumn,"Final Fantasy XIII-2: The horrible port.But well, there are ways to work around if you have certain specs. XIII-2 works absolutely fine on my laptop, which is a G551JM that runs on a GTX 860M. Hence, if you're owning an i7 with a graphic card of like a GTX 860M or something of that sort, itshouldrun at a frame rate of at least 30 fps.If the game runs well, then it's miles ahead of the console version, that's for sure. Having options such as 1080p and FXAA etc certainly helps deliver a way more graphically pleasing product than on the weak PS3. Just make sure to have a virtual controller running or a physical controller plugged in with options such as Triple Buffering enabled, and allshouldbe fine.Overall, for me, very enjoyable buy."
,Not Recommended,292140,17148744,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Tidy,"good game, only downfall is that this has to be the WORST port I have ever touched, fps goes from 60-27 when loading, jumps upto 30-67 while roaming around... Sometimes 60 fps just depends, the ""launcher settings"" make no difference to your fps or the game, neither does the nvidia control panel (forced settings).Square-whatever had no love for this title. FIX your broken game!I am inbetween a yes and a no but i'll go with No, FIX and i'll vote yes ;)"
76561198025621288,Not Recommended,292140,24723879,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Llednar,"This game crashes at cut scenes.It crashes while saving.It even crashes while you are idling around.Doesn't matter how good your gaming rig is, this game will crash and it will crash lots. So unless you are prepared to go through the trouble of restarting and losing your progress a lot of the time, don't get this game until Square Enix patches it!"
76561198017058436,Not Recommended,292140,30351163,Posted: 5 March,all,VetaComm,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME.I must say that this game is a scam! It is barely playable/unstable on a GTX1070 or any other over powered PC. It will continually skip from 60 fps to sub 20 fps with no amount of tweaking making it any better. It is an embarrassment to Square that this game has their name attached, and if they were able to feel any shame for releasing broken unplayable games on Steam they should IMMEDIATELY pull this game from the store.If you are considering buying this game, DON'T.If you feel that your PC is very powerful and it should be able run this game, DON'T.If this game is on special and you feel like: ""What do I have to loose?"", DON'T!That this game is still listed in the store with Square knowing what a broken unplayable mess it is shows nothing but contempt and utter disrespect for their customer. The fact that they are unwilling to hire a single programmer to optimize the game as a courteous ""I'm sorry"" to every person that purchased this mess, however, are still willing to keep it listed in the store to steal money from any new gullible persons demonstrates the malicious greediness behind the publishers.This game is the equivalent of you purchasing an apple from me and biting into it only to find out it is full of worms and completely rotten. You then try to complain to me about it only to have me ignore you completely. You then notice that there is a big crowd of persons angrily trying to tell me the same thing. Ignoring everyone I continue to sell the exact same rotten apples to anyone that is gullible enough to take them. A few years later and I'm still here selling the same rotten apples. This stuff should be illegal. This review is accurate as of 3/5/17.** UPDATE **One thing I forgot to mention is that the vast majority of the positive reviews for this game are for the game on console. On console I DO find the game to be fun and would definitely recommend that anyone that gets a chance should check it out. However my review for the PC port still stands and this game has an extremely disproportionate amount of ""recommends"" because of the console version.Think of it this way: I scammed you by selling you rotten apples but you still give me a thumbs up in your review because in general you really like apples even though mine are trash and I knowingly stole from you. 3/26/17"
76561198039944288,Recommended,292140,14232034,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,xonar99,"Finished the main story line. Now to play some more!With tons of included DLC and post-game content there's an insane amount of extra hours worth of gameplay after you kill the big baddy.The storyline while awesome does feel built around the time gate mechanic instead of the other way around.What I mean by that is that the story comes in chunks rather than in previous FF's that tell their story from A to Z as you play. It's a bit tough to explain but on the plus side, it's always exciting to see another storypart revealed.Visually it's great, as expected. The audio is bloody fantastic, with great music and even the US voiceovers (of the 2 protagonists especially) are very, VERY well done.Combat is expanded upon compared to FFXIII, with an extensive catch-'m-all monster (and infusion) system, and a blast to behold.The Crystarium, one tip, don't just level it! Get a FAQ and check how to proper level it because it's not like in FFXIII. You can actually become either very powerful or gimp yourself hard if you just level your roles without second thought.I'm on a Radeon 4870HD card and 1650x1080 (my max res) was playable but smoother in 1400x900, which is the resolution I've ended up using.I still need to upgrade to a modern card someday so I can't confirm or deny any performance issues with this game.Mind you, I finished FFXIII before the release of the gfx options/FFXIII-2 on 1650x1080 without too much graphical stress. Both games work fine on my old videocard and i7 PC.All in all, a great entry and I can't wait for the FFXIII: LR to complete the trilogy."
,Recommended,292140,30641050,Posted: 20 March,all,Thots,"For God sake, dont listen to all these negative reviews, 2 min google search and i solved my problems with crash/lag.This game does not deserve mixed reviews, steam have such horrible games with better user reviews.PROS:-Time travel-Open ♥♥♥♥ing world-Nostalgic ffXIII feelings-Taming monsters-Side Quests-Soundtrack-Cairus (handsome as f@ck)-Free DLCS!-Crystarium and roles-Fragments Skills-Mog, kupo.CONS:-Story-BORING NOEL AND SARAH (BLEEH)-The ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Its easy even in normal difficult"
,Not Recommended,292140,34226747,Posted: 13 August,all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 6.5/10Overview: Turn Based RPGThe Good:+ Good graphics+ Combat remains the same as FF13 with one major addition. You still assign roles to characters and switch between them freely during battle. This time however you can also assign your characters to attack single or multiple enemies giving you more flexibility in how to approach the situation.+ This game solves a lot of issues from FF13. The game starts much faster and almost everything is unlocked right from the start. Each area is interesting and requires exploration.  Leveling your characters is also improved giving you greater flexibility and more choices in how you want to develop your stats.+ The main addition is the ability to capture monsters and include them in your party. Every monster has a specific role and can be upgraded by using items rewarded after battle. You can also ‘infuse’ monsters together combing different abilities to make some truly devasating monsters.+ Given the nature of the game, there are multiple endings you can discover after completing the main game+ Collecting ‘fragments’ allows you to unlock options for the game, such as ‘fight more monster’ ‘collect more experience’  etc.+ The DLC content allows you to fight high level battles for those looking for a challenge.The Average:+/- Take the convoluted stories of a Final Fantasy game and add time travel and paradoxes. Despite the craziness of the story it surprisingly does a good job of holding the game together.  I also enjoyed the characters this time around.+/- Much easier than the previous game, I was able to complete almost all non boss battles without switching any roles+/- Many side quests are either fetch quests or kill a monster+/-  The game features a few different logic puzzles. I found them enjoyable and add a little variety to the gameplay. However, if you decide to collect all the fragments you must complete many of these types of puzzles and they start to get repetitive.The Bad:- One of the worst PC ports and optimization I have played in a very long time, especially for a game of this calibre. Regardless of system specs, maintaining 60 fps is near impossible, often times going well below 30 fps. You can use 3rd party apps to help alleviate the issue but this will cause a bunch of other problems. Now, let’s say you finally get stable framerates, you now have to deal with the crashes; crash after cutscenes, saving, battles, doesn’t matter, the game will crash and it will crash a lot. Before playing it is HIGHLY recommended that you disable steam overlay and cloud saving to help reduce the amount of crashing.-Game lacks exclusive full screen option, must edit the windows registry to unlock option.- no sound volume controls- Heavy metal rock music during boss battles, it does not fit in with the overall theme of the game.- A character named Mog constantly saying Kupo!Conclusion:Despite improving upon FF13 in almost every way its hard to recommend this game given its horrible performance and optimization issues especially during the first few hours of the game. This is one of my favorite JPRG’s and I loved a lot of the additions they added but I can’t recommend a game that gave me so many problems."
,Not Recommended,292140,31452161,Posted: 29 April,all,StarVigil,i5-6700k 3.8 GHz16 GB DDR4-Ram - 3200 MHzGTX 1070 8GBCan run The Witcher 3 in 1440p with HBAO+ and high-max settings at 60fps. Cannot run this garbage port in 1080p with stable frames. Don't buy unless you hate yourself and wanna spend all day trying stuff to make this playable.
,Not Recommended,292140,24032608,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"This game was quite a disappointment for me. It took me two attempts to finish it: one on PS3 but I got bored and stopped playing, and the other on PC, the latter of which I was successful in completing after a fair amount of forcing myself to keep going. Despite really liking FFXIII while still recognizing it has weaknesses (for me, it was plot holes and post-game stuff), I could not enjoy FFXIII during the great majority of my time playing it.Where to begin? This is a port, so let's talk about that first. It runs -terribly- compared to FFXIII. FFXIII ran like butter for me, while FFXIII-2 was choppy and near-unplayable on the same PC until I installed a user-made 30 FPS capping app from the Steam discussion page. After that, it was a little choppy still, with character lip synching off by a few seconds, but it was definitely playable. The controls and everything else about the port were just dandy for me.Do not play this if you haven't completed FFXIII or at least watched all the cutscenes from FFXIII, as it would be very confusing otherwise. Speaking of confusing, villain's plan isn't described well enough to make total sense, nor is much of the storyline, with plot threads such as Mog's origin and why people from a survival-focused era when less than 10 humans are left on the planet would wear stylish, ornate, colorful clothing in a barren wasteland, fighting for their lives, wanting to survive. It would be like if Rick and friends on The Walking Dead were decked out in bling, bright blue parachute pants, etc., while being pursued by zombies. The female lead in the game magically gets new clothing and there is no explanation as to why. The female lead should've just had a new outfit naturally, since she's living in a full-on civilization, and the male lead could get the magical clothing to replace his rags, but instead the writers chose to lack all logic with this decision.Now, many humans can suddenly use magic, whereas before, it was only l'Cie that could do it. I actually liked that plot point in FFXIII, so I would have preferred that only l'Cie and ex-l'Cie can use it, because only one human in the entire game would need a writing modification to explain why that character can use magic. Only ONE. Changing the rules of the lore is just weird and unnecessary. One major character from FFXIII becomes a l'Cie in FFXIII-2, but you never see it happen, it doesn't seem to have any importance in the storyline, and you never hear any resolution to it or see that character in the ending despite that character being one of the most important characters in the universe for one of the heroes.Also, the ending of the game can be pretty aggravating/upsetting/disappointing. I didn't upset me anywhere near as badly as Mass Effect 3's ending, but it's gotta be in my top 10 most disappointing endings if I bothered to make such a list. I didn't believe another reviewer who claimed that the ending would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, and I regret it. That reviewer was absolutely right. I honestly recommend that you just watch all the cinematics and cutscenes, which you can watch spliced together on Youtube. It would've saved me 50-something hours, at least.This game has a battle system which is almost completely identical to FFXIII's. The only biggest differences are that battles are random with the player being able to slash the opponent to start with haste and part of the enemy's stagger bar filled. Oh, and you use the male and female lead, and a monster as your third party member. You can use almost any monster in the game, but each can only do one role in the paradigm system, and you have to feed items to the monsters to level them up, which ends up being a time-suck if you want to make a really good monster. Much of the time, my human characters were lords of war when I was in a fight, while my monsters were just sucking badly.This game was also much, much easier than FFXIII for me as well, and I'm pretty awful at this kind of game. The final boss was annoying, but other than that, I didn't even have to try on most of the bosses, and I just set my team to all Commandos for every non-boss fight, winning within 20 seconds or less after about 55% or so completing of the game's story. This game might just have the worst experience scaling of any FF game I've ever played, because half-way through, fights were giving me 400-440 XP and those encounters were nearly twice as frequent to pop up as the rest of the game's random battles, which gave more like 225 XP per fight.The music was very similar to that of FFXIII, with a few reused songs here and there, and a few songs that I really disliked which probably would be classified as metal, which isn't really my thing. I liked the voice acting as well, except for the villain, who came off a bit too melodramatic for my taste.There is a casino, which sounded cool, but the interesting-sounding activities are locked off as DLC (it's including but you can't use the DLC until you finish the game's entire main storyline), and everything else either requires a lot of time (Chocobo Racing which most players say is garbage compared to FFVII's), or is all about randomness, which is the slot machines. To get items I wanted from the casino slots without wasting my life away, I had to clamp down Tab on my keyboard for hours and walk away while it autoplayed, reloading my game if I didn't make money. The casino in this game just wasn't fun for me.Last but not least, this game does have a post-game. That's not really my bag, but I did try to collect all of the Fragments (hidden objects in the game), and got 122 of 160 of them. I called it quits when I got about 85% through the story and a quest-giver basically tells your ""Lulz. The writers could've written this in somehow within your first hour of playing so you could prepare and not have such a daunting task, but screw you! I need you to fight every type of monster in the entire game including weird fights that you do for choosing incorrect dialog options during the storyline, etc., and you will likely have to consult an online guide and spent countless hours to get my Fragment,"" but I'm paraphrasing his lines from memory. Seriously, what a jackass move.And is it worth it? Getting all of the Fragments? At least half of my time at my computer with this game was spent getting Fragments, and all they do is give you some data files you could just look up online, help you get the secret ending (just watch it on Youtube after you finish the game) which makes a lot less sense than the original and still has the bad things happen that might anger you, and boosts the stats of the two lead characters. That stat boost, though? I had 122 Fragments, which gave me 40 higher attack attribute scores than I would have if I'd used the next best weapons which were on sale at the normal stores for CHEAP. My attack attribute was over 1100, so losing 40 points just wouldn't have mattered except when going for post-game optional bosses.In summary, the game has a pretty good soundtrack, a competent battle system with a third ""party member"" that disappoints unless you're willing to put in a lot of time, a so-so story with an anger-inducing ending, a crappy casino, hellish amounts of busy work to find all the Fragments, and a secret ending that's a complete let-down even though I didn't do all the work to get it. I cannot recommend this game, but I would say that the 7 hours it would take you to watch all the cutscenes and moviews from it in Youtube would be worth your time if you believe me and other reviewers that the ending really does deliver a low blow, and you were a big enough fan of FFXIII that you care to see what happens next (though Fal'Cie and l'Cie are rarely brought up and most FFXIII characters have very little screen time)."
,Recommended,292140,24170291,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BD_Fire,"PC Port  Ver.   4/10Console Ver. 10/10• Only the costume DLC is available before finishing the game• No matter what settings, the framerate fluctuates between 30-60fps• The PC version doesn't look as good as the console releases• This game has issues with certain gamepadse.g. My gamepad buttons are swapped and non-configurable in game. The program I normally use to fix that sorta thing doesn't work for this game either.So if you can get past these things, FFXiii-2 for PC is still very playable. I purchased it for $10 during the summer sale and I don't regret it. Do I think it's worth purchasing for $20 post sale, not really. But I wont tell you how to spend your money. I love this game and it's better than regular FFXiii for sure. It's like a time traveling Final Fantasy / Pokemon game.My Specs:Windows 8.1 (64 bit)Intel Core i7-4790 3.60GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 2GBRAM 12GB"
,Not Recommended,292140,30027468,Posted: 18 February,all,Nash,"i know the story and gameplay was amazingly wonderful but still... you can't play smoothly even based on sys req, this is horriblei would highly recommend if you have med-high rig to run this game and absolutely must have thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpYRWkUE7w4, then you'll be safestory and gameplay 9/10performance 4/10my hope, if square enix want to port the FFXV soon, don't like this♥♥♥♥♥♥ thank you"
76561197967735038,Recommended,292140,20914177,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,T-R-I-G-U-N,"PRO- Easy to play for those who beat or played part 1- The achievements are obtainable if you put the effort in- Music was cool for most areas of the game- I didn't have many crashes from the game as some may have experienced- I will recommend this game to those who have played part 1 to see the storyline(even though it is not great)CON- Storyline is not that great- They use the same enemies for all areas, they just changed their color and made small changes to some. This is because they color code what class they are which makes sense, but they should have put more effort in making them look different. I got really bored of seeing the same enemies over and over and over and over and over again........- The game has 2 difficulties(Normal or Easy). Normal is too easy.- I felt like they made this game all about sidequests instead of concentrating on the main storyline.- The fact that you could not play with any of the original charcters from part 1 sucks.OTHER- Not sure if this is a good or bad thing, but changing the way you level up your characters from part 1. If you JUST want to beat the game then no problem, but for boss quests etc.. you have to be a little careful because some some classes give you more atk, magic, and just hp. So eitherway it's up to the player."
76561198050163182,Not Recommended,292140,28849326,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MrSaturn,"I enjoyed this game when it was released on Xbox 360. The only reason I do not recommend this version of Final Fantasy XIII-2 is simply because this is a terrible port.I've gone through dozens of reddit and Steam community threads on disabling steam cloud saves among other crash/freeze remedies (which is a tad ridicuous that a customer has to go through all that leg work). Sadly, the game is completely unplayable as it crashes and freezes frequently. I've spent 5 hours today troubleshooting different solutions and I'm throwing in the towel.I encourage you to pass on this version of the game until SE provides better PC support."
76561198083797439,Recommended,292140,13725677,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,rburzin,"i like the game,but really needs an update to make the game run smoother,so please hurry up with an update"
,Recommended,292140,13788070,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jay Edwards,"This port is terrible. I mean really, really horrible. A game with graphics like these should run at a silky smooth 60 fps at all times on my rig. As is, most overworlds run at 35 fps, and battles can really chug at 20 (some bosses are even sub 20.)That having been said, the game is phenomenal. It's a unique final fantasy, and also quite different from XIII. It retains most of the positive elements of XIII (such as an excellent battle system) while avoiding the linearity that XIII was panned for. In addition to being much more linear, the story is far easier to follow. This speaks volumes about the over complication of XIII, that its sequel about time travel is easier to follow. However, with the added freedom of exploration, it's lost some of the focus that XIII had. Also, I don't like the soundtrack as much. Too much J-pop for me.Buy this game on steam if you don't have a PS3 or X360. Either way, buy this game. It's a lot of fun. But Square, we NEED a performance patch!"
76561198153686686,Recommended,292140,24399030,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,chinextel10,"I purchase this game because i wanted to play Final Fantasy XIII and its two sequels. In general, it is a great game, but it had for me a lot of crashes. I know this was only for PS3 at the beginning, so i can't complain much with the bad port. In fact, I'm thankful that this game could be played on PC. Below i will put the pros and cons.Pros:- Good graphics- Great story- A wide variaty of monsters to tame- Some choices to answer in some conversations (That doesn't have Final Fantasy XIII)Cons:- It's a bad port. It crashed a lot for me.- Most of the choices in conversations doesn't affect the game.- In order to fully complete this game, you have to beat the final boss. (Well maybe it's notbad but i always want to beat the game when i completed everything from the game)In conclusion, it is a great game, but it has its issues. If you are a fan of FF, i recommend to buy it."
76561198017720524,Recommended,292140,35382287,Posted: 1 October,all,Shatterfaith,"I have got to say after playing the first game with little to no problems i was very frustrated when i moved onto the second game and had constant crashing i mean it was literally every 2 minutes.After i turned off ""Steam cloud"" however and restarted the game i had absolutely no problems at all with crashing.There were places like the Tower where my framerate did drop to around 30 despite me running with a GTX 1070 which was a little disappointing.However i enjoyed the story very much once the frustrating issue with crashing was solved. The little niggling problems with a couple FPS drops fell by the wayside.I highly recommend this game providing you turn off steam cloud before getting into it. The controller support works fine with the Xbox 360 controller providing you remember to change the options for on-screen prompts to controller and the combat and taming monsters systems kept me entertained."
76561198360326413,Recommended,292140,32397788,Posted: 13 June,all,Halloir,I enjoyed it since it's one FF. I prefer FFXIII story but in XIII-2 you can do much more stuff to do/enjoy
,Recommended,292140,24236542,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Arnice,"This is the second part of the game that got me interested in final fantasy (tbh i dont like final fantasy, not any other installation except this whole trilogy #sorry). This game sure took me a while to play and i had to fight for it, but thanks to all the community guide and discussions, it all went and worked well. I am glad i suffered enough to play this game, the fan service was well put, i even tried to slow motion it about 5 times just to get a good wank at it. So yeah, pretty good. And to those who say this wasnt great or anything, well if you look at the charts, XIII sold more than your favorites, like ff 7 or whatever. #roasted. so yeah, buy it if youre willing to fight for it"
,Recommended,292140,22790463,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Eranoid,"While the graphics are toned down, it still has the style of Final Fantasy XIII and the story is pretty good(just disappointing that you play as Serah instead of Lightning)The only thing that's a bit of a letdown is that you don't get all the DLC, luckily they included the major onesFor anyone having FPS problems, try adjusting a few settings at the Nvidia Control Panel - Manage 3D Settings, this problem fixed it nearly completely for me, there are a lot of guides that go more detailed into this problem!"
,Recommended,292140,22392417,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fenchurch,When this game came out it recieved a lot of bad press which is why I waited until now to play it. If your a fan of FF I would say this is still worth your time if your looking for another game to play. Other wise skip it and play some of the earlier games in the series. Better than XIII part 1.
,Recommended,292140,26242852,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Dandy,"I HOPE YOU LIKE HAPPY ENDINGS BECAUSE THIS GAME WILL TROLL YOU WITH ONE!!!10/10 would fight gilgamesh in the arena aga- okay no.this game has problems, it has potential but it has problems, engine ♥♥♥♥ery, stuttering, it's just not a smooth port, simple as that. it's actually semi-unplayable at times.anyway, that's my take.6/10, the game ITSELF is good, don't get me wrong, it's good, but the porting job holds it backNOW GO FORTH, AND BUY THE ARGUABLY SUPERIOR CONSOLE VERSION!!!!!"
76561198042793546,Not Recommended,292140,29975084,Posted: 16 February,all,Fumunda Slap,"Half of the Final Fantsy games are terrible ports for top end PCs. 13-2 Had a terrible buzzing noise and would crash right at the start. I tried severl ways to play the game game still crashes and the buzzing noise was always there, Had a blast playing this game on X360 but PC its is TRASH!"
76561197974287924,Not Recommended,292140,34223413,Posted: 13 August,all,escaflow,"Bad Port, waste of monney.... schusch... go buy something else."
76561198046962626,Recommended,292140,20482277,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lives4trauma,"A great classic and works great with my xbox controller for pc.  Played this on other systems and I would say this is a top 5 favorite Final Fantasy for right now as well as a top 5 series.  I have been gaming for about 20 years +.  The switching of roles during battle is fun and adds for some strategy.  Pets/Monsters!  You can catch them and use them in your party, adds a lot of gameplay and building.  9/10 (no game is perfect)."
76561198070960027,Recommended,292140,21825829,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,习近平,at least better than ff13
,Not Recommended,292140,29254785,Posted: 14 January,all,Computerfreak,"Bought this for my nieces who visit every now and then, but I was bored and decided to give it a shot.THIS IS PERHAPS THE WORST PORT I HAVE EVER SEEN.I mean... What the hell is with this constant stutter? And why hasn't it been fixed in the 3 years it has been around? I have seen countless reviews, and forum posts saying the same thing. The stutter makes the game nearly unplayable.Never again will I buy a game from Square Enix."
76561198000533900,Not Recommended,292140,29234585,Posted: 13 January,all,Inseyes,"Looks great and runs smooth on my PC, but crash to desktop every 20 minutes with no warning is really poor. Didn't really have high expectations for this as I found XIII generally disappointing, but did expect it to at least be playable.CPU : i7-6700kGPU : RX480 8GB GDDR5RAM : 16GB DDR4"
,Not Recommended,292140,25011641,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Naïveté,"Keep experiencing framedrops. Good game, terrible port."
76561198107881328,Not Recommended,292140,24462455,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DEATH_TO_ALL =),"its barely playable, maybe oneday it will get fixed, and ill come back to it =/"
76561197970344498,Not Recommended,292140,22399082,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MarmaladeMaki,"A technical DESASTER!Yes maybe the game is alright, maybe better than the first....i wouldn't know. 1 Hour in with the patched version and i have given up. Delete and forget. When the steam version came out it was infamously awful. After several mods and patches one might assume it is alright and running fine now? NO! The FPS is all over the place, can't reach it's target FPS at anypoint (aside from in and outside of battle using 2 different FPS targets). The ""fps hack"" helped but the game is still slowing down, the music is cracking for a second just to jump back. Same with animations. One should remind himself, that this is not Witcher 3, not The Division. It's a PS3 game that looks alright but at no point shows why it's currently killing my i5 and my Geforce 970 GTX.On the message board you read ""don't give a bad review...the game is good...or it's alright...well it doesn't suck...atleast not to that degree"". But really it deserves every flack it gets. It's a technical failur for a game that might actually be fine (what i played was quite alright), but iam not going to keep my voice in just for the off chance i might♥♥♥♥♥♥SE off and make them can any plan for a PC release of FF15 (which seems to be a common thought around here).Save your money, get Zero HD if you NEED JRPG, that one atleast runs well and is quite an interesting game."
,Recommended,292140,13740977,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Saber_Breaker,"There's a lot to be said about the Final Fantasy XIII series of games and a lot to debate about. Some love it. Some hate it. If you dig your RPGs to be a little more action-oriented and faster paced, XIII-2 will be right up your alley (after you play through XIII first as this is a direct continuation of that story line.)For a game from 2012 built for hardware from 2006 it's a pretty game. Sadly, concerning the graphics/performance of this title is my big, and only, gripe: the PC version is not well optimized and has some pretty wacky stuff going on.You'll notice that the features of the game specify that the title sports a 60fps framerate and that's technically true, but misleading in how one would expect. First of all, you're going to need a decently beefy rig to play this game smoothly at 30fps due to the pitiful optimation for PC. Second of all, yes, you might hit 60 fps here or there, but the internal engine applies restrictive frame limiters at multiple points so don't expect that frame rate to stick.Any cutscene shot that focuses on Noel runs nice and smooth at 60. Shift to Serah or any other character? Hard drop to 30. Running around the map at a nice 60 before it loads a new area and you've got another drop. Battle start? Drop to 30 until the victory animation, then snap back to 60. My system is not being taxed, mind you, it's just how the game operates, which is disappointing. XIII did not have this problem on my end (save for some cutscenes that were hard-limited to 30 fps here and there).The soundtrack is amazing - wide variety of styles and genres. There's plenty of tracks that hit the right emotional beats to go with the story and lots of great blood-pumping battle tunes to get you into the fight, ready to take on the world.The story is great, not entirely needed as a follow up to XIII as it feels pretty shoe-horned in to make some more money, but it's serviceable and enjoyable. It's nice to play as the damsel in distress from the first game and Noel is a good companion and a welcome addition to the cast.Fun RPG, great experience, and while far from being the PC port it could have been, it is the superior version to the console editions."
76561198054375501,Recommended,292140,13336081,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,darkside,"Note that I have never played XIII/XIII2 on console. I have only played FFX on console, FFXIII on PCGameplay: Very similar to FFXIII, improved in a few ways, but feels identical. Overall very fun game play for turn-based.Controls: I would really like to have more configurations and customization opitions for my controls, but other than that it's fine. They also fixed the esc key which is awesome.Resolution/Graphics: Very nice, I have been having no lag related issues, very clean. One problem I do have is the ability not to re-size windowed mode because it is fixed.Sound: Very nice soundtrack and Japanese or english language for me is perfect.Characters: I am actually very upset that you are not able to play Lightning. The picture of the game is Lightning, the trailer is all Lightning, and the first 5minutes is Lightning. HOWEVER YOU DO NOT GET TO PLAY LIGHTNING OTHER THAN THE FIRST 5 MINUTES. It really sucks that you only have 2 character opitions in this game. I really wished that they would advertise the game as more to what the game entails. Advertise Noel and Serah, Lightning isn't even playable, why advertise her for everything and make people think she is one of the main characters again. I seriously can't stress how much that is bugging me from enjoying the game more.Story: Great so far! Really like how they are giving you more say in how the story goes, however I would really perfer a completely linear storyline (that's just me) for this type of series.OVERALL: Buy it if you liked FFXIII or any of the previous FF. This is a great game and buy, however I see no reason that you would buy it on PC if you own a PS/Xbox because you can have superior controls and identical everything else (unless there is a huge price difference). And again... really wish I could play Lightning... I guess I have to wait till Lightning Returns :(."
,Recommended,292140,20136687,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hzhang7,“你走在桥上 看到火车来了 有个分叉口 一个分叉有1个人 细看那人是你熟人 另一个分叉有好多人 是陌生人 保多还是保少 还是 跳下桥牺牲自己 卡住火车 拯救其他人“
,Not Recommended,292140,14348950,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TheLCD3,Game is unplayable from a graphical and technical standpoint. I'm running a Core i-7 4790k and Dual GTX 760s in SLI and the game constantly stutters and staggers between 60 and 10 fps. It will randomly go from 25 to 40 to 60 down to 10 constantly.I wish I could get a refund because this game was ridiculous and I was looking forward to playing through it..damn.
,Recommended,292140,14772211,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Celestial Poncho,"Having not played many of the older Final Fanttasy titles I feel biased to say theese are some of the best games I've played because I enjoyed them for what they offered in terms of gameplay and story, the port is not optimised at all so beware on buying this even if you have a decent computer."
76561198194694101,Recommended,292140,23035670,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cocolamoco,"They definitely added a lot more since the first game! More exploration, side quests, not to mention the pokemon capture bit which really caught me off guard!! Seriously, you can fight with a chocobo. Why would you not want that?? Soundtrack wise the game is just as great as before! But I kinda feel like they went down a little in graphics, which wasn't too bad but not as amazing as the first.The characters developed a hell of a lot, and I'm not just talking about Hopebut damn he turned out fine as an adult!. They introduced a few new characters that added a lot more depth to the story, and the villian was by far way better than Barty (He's got a deep british accent and an epic theme!)The framerate was TERRIBLE at the beginning though! And I mean unplayable! BUT there's an easy fix for it that makes it run perfectly, so luckily that wasn't a real problem. Phew!Also, they added QTEs which unfortunately I didn't even realise were descisions and just clicked them at random... oops. They also apparantly influence the end... oops x2.Anyway, just buy it! It's fun!"
76561198150931046,Recommended,292140,14155651,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,snowstorm125,don't espect to run at 60 fps but it is a solid game and time travel is cool
76561198042656250,Recommended,292140,30152908,Posted: 24 February,all,Your Innocence,"I've played almost  20 hours and tried so many methods to fix the FPS issue, nothing seems to work. I've installed this game on a brand new laptop that surpasses minimum requirements and I still run this game at 10-20 FPS. Considering FFXIII had (arguably) better graphics, I'm surprised this game doesn't run  half as smooth. However.. I love Lightning and this trilogy, so I'm willing to see past this issue. The game so far is nice, I personally have no issue with the ""convoluted"" time traveling aspect and anything related to Lightning is a plus in my book.This game really isn't as bad as people portray it to be, if you enjoyed the first game and want closure/continuation on Lightning's story: get this game."
,Recommended,292140,14642868,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,GerugeruChii,i like this game
76561197974874819,Recommended,292140,13459820,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,imkool0316,"Not as good as XIII but worth to play and to put on your FF collections. Really dont like the soundtrack at all, some maps has really good soundtrack some just terrible/annoying overpower female singing in background (Whoever approved to put those OSDs on should be absolute fired). Yeah, its okay to hear it for like 5mins, but it keeps on and on when you are exploring the map and quests ---> gets real annoying. Thanks god, they still keep the ""Blinded by light"" OSD ^^ in this game.More chocobo riding which is awesome, you dont have to walk like crazy in F13.The time portal kinda new and need time to get used to, not a complain but i get used to the good old Fantasy's Airship."
76561198045421292,Recommended,292140,13430486,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Bogan,"The Game:I would personally recommend Final Fantasy XIII-2. The game itself is much better than XIII,  the game is no longer stupidly linear and is actually fun to run around the different areas/time zones, as opposed to running down a corridor. The monster system is pretty cool, having the ability to choose monsters to be part of your party, and leveling them along with the main characters. The shop is actually not bad now, and is something you might use often. They also smartened up with the battle system, so now when the leader dies, you don't lose the battle, which was the dumbest thing ever. There is a lot more things to the game than just this, but these are some of the things I really liked in the 13 hours I've played at this point.The Port:The PC version of this game is... in need of work. Granted XIII-2 Launched with graphics options, which is awesome, the game fells like it stutters a lot more, and has more frame drops than XIII did. My computer is very high end, and should not have any troubles with any game like this, but for whatever reason, it does. If they can fix it somehow, and make it so computers good enough get a constant 60FPS, it would make this game just that much better.Overall, I would rate the game a 8.5 I'd say at this point, and the port a 5. It is a fun game, so I can put up with the sometimes bad performance."
,Recommended,292140,13441973,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lynn,"Overall, pretty good storyline if you really enjoy what the storyplot is about and understands it. However, there's consistent frame rate drops in game, either when in open world, or when in battle mode. Me having a high-end pc, the frame drop rate sometimes can turn the table of your whole battle results, but nonetheless, with proper handling, its not a problem. There is also cutscenes in the game and it does not havefps drop. If fps dropping consistently is not much of a problem to you(Such as like good at handling minor-slightly major fps drops) and you're here just for the storyplot, then get this game, its recommended. But however, you might wish to get FFXIII first to understand the story a little more(Although FFXIII-2 itself also provides summaries of what happened in FFXIII in the premier.) I personally myself enjoyed this game, its fun, and really, a real time-battle strategy with little to no emphasize on turn-based strategy game. Basically, to sum up everything,Graphics: 7.5/10(This is piled alongside with the fps drop however, it does not really deter the gameplay much. But if i were to place the fps drop aside, it would be 9/10)Storyline: 8/10  (Not really bad, but sometimes, even i get kinda confused due to the time-travelling paradoxes lol)Gameplay: 8/10  (This is piled alongside with the fps drop, however, it does creates minor delay which can lead to you not being able to strike first or to just lose a fight because of that slight 0.5s delay or so, and like i said, with proper handling, this is not mmuch of a problem. But if i were to place the fps drop aside, it would be 9.5/10) (This gameplay includes the battle systems, navigating in open world environment, talking to different NPCs, being able to choose your replies to certain question or in circumstances to mould your own story and so on)I'm already close to finishing the game, so i thought to give a review for those that planned to buy which yes, if you dont have a ps3 for this game(like me), you wouldn't mind much of the minor(to me) fps drops and what you want (for which what i believed) is the storyline and gameplay xD"
,Recommended,292140,13367073,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kaywin,"Damn.. this game got me hooked for 15 hours straight! Enjoyed the gameplay! Much improved from the last one. Also, the graphic becomes more customizable than the last one, but still not as much as other games in the market.RECOMMEND TO USE CONTROLLER TO PLAY!PS. Damn the ending! Play it and you'll know what I mean! Play the first one first before you play this one as well! Have fun on the journey!"
76561198132114910,Recommended,292140,13396809,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ArchGod,"Suffice to say, I finished this game on PS and it is a really good game that now I buy it just to have it in my Steam library. Glad that they added this game on Steam but I am a little disappointed because it does not run very smoothly as FF XIII. It takes longer than it should be to load game and sometimes gets stuck, while it is relatively fast in FF XIII. Looking forward for an update that fixes this issue."
76561198109821668,Recommended,292140,13372922,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Pyr,very nice :)
,Not Recommended,292140,30013379,Posted: 18 February,all,Seng Tsan,"Warning. Unless your PC is super powerful, I would give this a miss.Edit: This game is considerably improved by a high single core clock speed. If your CPU is clocked at 3.5Ghz or more, you may get reasonable performance out of this game. This game does not take advantage of multcore CPUs.Square Enix: I am really disaappointed by the performance of this port.I played the predecessor to this title, XIII, on 360 and thought to myself: ""to see those awesome gfx at a higher resolution and better framerate would be fantastic"". Such a beautiful game.I was wrong. This runs badly. Considerably worse than a 360. I.e. setting the resolution and graphical fidelity down to 360 levels yields a worse performing game in terms of overall framerate and stability.  On my hardware,  the framerate bounces around 12 - 35 FPS (for reference, it also delivered a solid 60fps on the ""For Honor"" Beta on ultra)I have tried tweaking with Nvidia Explorer and Gedosato, tried to release the framecap in the exe file, but have not got a performance level I am happy with.I am tolerant of bad ports (example, deadly premonition is one of my favourite games on PC!), and I've found most bad ports do yield reasonable performance if you try hard enough, but this one seems impervious.I'm sure there is a good game here (I kinda enjoyed the polarising first instalment).....but I am seriously wondering if I want to persist to find out for sure.Square Enix - please take a look at patching this. There are FF fans on PC that are afraid to go near the franchise on their preferred platform because of ports like this."
76561198054325527,Recommended,292140,20614957,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Skizz__,"Overall the game was average for me gameplay wise. The story was interesting because of the duo protagonists, and a villian who is striking in motive, and desire for doing the things he does. The soundtrack will make you feel some feels, and it's phenomonal. Aside from the occasional frame drops and perfomance issues I'd recommend this game even if you haven't played the first entry in the XIII trilogy. Don't worry theres a synopsis of the previous game to get you up to speed on the story so far."
,Recommended,292140,20483856,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[Tpβ ] comrade Kushala,like the original 13but with pokemans and no hallways
,Recommended,292140,27521784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drystan,"Great soundtrack,Great story,Great characters,Great game overall...I really enjoyed every single fight.. The Game is absolutely amazing :)"
,Recommended,292140,13325818,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Griffith,I love it!
,Recommended,292140,13355971,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,blankdreamer,"Played for the first 50 minutes to test out the game and see if the options they provided for the graphics are up to par as they speak.Turns out, it was nothalfbad. In fact, throughout the entire time whilst playing the game, I haven't experience any lagging in performance (so far). I assume my computer specs are decent enough to run the game in ""high"" settings (or probably because of Razer Cortex, as I used it to boost into gaming mode so that it'll run smoothly). So yes, I never cared about looking at the FPS. The details are there -nothing like a definitive edition of sorts- I can say playing it on PC turns out like how it is back when I played onXbox 360.I've beaten the game on the console stated previously so of course, I didn't expect any changes in the game and storyline. Everything is exactly what I anticipated. However, I wish that the Asia region would also have the chance to switch between the English and Japanese voiceovers considering that I'm so used to hearing the game in English.All in all - I loved the game when I first started playing the demo. Loved itmorewhen I bought the physical copy and dedicated my entire school holidays on it. Loved itmostafter finishing the game and replayed it to re-experience the entire story again.Still love it today after waiting for three days to download. Went on a ""feels"" trip subsequently. My love for this game will never fade :)Guys, Square Enix is slowly improving. They actually listened and did what we wished for. Give them a chance; they rarely port FF games from consoles to PC. Be thankful that they do.Now, I can't wait forLightning Returns!"
,Recommended,292140,13356579,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rhadz Noviant,"loving this game. looks better than FFXIII, with more exploreable world, Improved combat system, yay can switch leader in battle >.<... the thing is framerate issue that kinda slow, even graphics seems no diference with XIII, with same settings, XIII can run far more smoothly than XIII-2."
76561198041649345,Recommended,292140,13372599,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Darkh,this is a good game
,Recommended,292140,13406378,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Poringmaster,"If you have played Final Fantasy XIII the first part and enjoyed it then you will like the sequel too (at least I do). For those who didn't play the first one, there is a Summary of every chapter of the first game although I highly recommend you to play XIII first.Regarding gameplay it is quite similar to the first one: The Battle System has with the ability to tame monsters a greater variety in comparisone to before. Also the leveling system allows a more individual set up.The gameplay got less linear, there's a ton of optional stuff to do, you can play minigames etc. You even get the DLCs for free (you shouldn't miss Requiem of the Goddess: Lightning's story when you've played through the game)Soundtrack and music (including new tracks and some of the first part) are as always fantastic.The story mainly introduces new characters, so the events and characters of the first game are mainly issued as backgroundinformation. This time around the story really might be a little confusing at the beginning but as soon as you get into it it's ok and for myself I enjoyed it.*MINOR SPOILER*Although XIII-2 pretty much scrambles up the ending of the first game and the ending of the sequel itself leaves you wanting more because of that damn open and baiting ending, I found the story really interesting (10/10 thumbs up if u cri ;o evrytiem at the end of XIII-2).*END OF MINOR SPOILER*For this price and the amount of content this is a must buy!Don't listen to all those hardcore retro hipster fanboys of the old Final Fantasies,the Final Fantasy XIII series is really worth playing and as good as its predecessors.->BUY DIS GAME!"
76561198148663067,Recommended,292140,13380935,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TukangNyampah!,"Too lazy to write a full review of the game.So i'll just get into the Pros & Cons :PROS :- More freedom than the prequel- Non-limited leveling via Cystarium- More experimenting via monster paradigm- Just like FF XIII, the battle system is a +++ pointCONS :- Lagging pretty bad. Seriously. Can we have the update for anti-aliasing and rendering setting?- No option to change voice to english. (And i think some of the subtitles needs to be changed to the proper context?)Conclusion :I loved FF series, and i don't have PS 3, so this game still gets me excited anyway. So looking forward for more update to fix some issues (esp graphic) from Square Enix."
,Recommended,292140,13356272,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Pururut,Very good!
,Recommended,292140,13365440,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,グリーンジャイアント,"STORY DLC IS UNLOCKED ""DEFEAT THE LAST BOSS ONCE""Costume DLC is already available when start the game.However, STORY DLC (ex:Sazh,Lightning,Snow) is not unlocked.The way to unlock STORY DLC is ""you have to clear the game once"".After ending on academia AF500 , these DLC has unlocked on hystoria crux.(ex:Serendipity XXX)Paradox ending is not satisfy this condition.You need to defeat the last boss once."
,Recommended,292140,13367328,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KermitDaftFrog,"Awesome game just as good as it was back on console.   The graphics are ok, though i wanted alot more from such a cinematic game so I am running the Durante graphics mod that came our for FFxIII part 1 and it works amazingly"
76561198000759009,Recommended,292140,13378946,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Nightfire,"if you break away from the media view, your blind thinking of lightning being the best character and develop a mind of your own you will realize that this game is a gem and the best one in the series.Serah Farron is hot and Noel Kreiss is likeable like all final fantasy characters should be."
76561198032486444,Recommended,292140,13408549,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Go Boom Yay,Bikini Serah outfit included.  Rip in piece ever taking this game seriously again.Boobs/10
,Recommended,292140,14882371,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Cherry,"One of the best Final Fantasy game that I have ever played. Good graphics, nice and interesting storyline, nice OSTs/Songs, beautifully made characters, awesome battle formations and much more. This is a highly recommended game, you would instantly fall in love with it once you started playing it :) <3"
76561198058808636,Recommended,292140,18051549,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jpsraiden,"You need to complete FFXIII if you want to understand 90% of what's going on in the story for this game, which is okay because XIII was a great game in itself.XIII-2 is another awesome game, and the story takes an interesting twist. After beating the game I was left with burning questions only XIII-3 can answer, which is great because it's getting a PC port soon."
,Recommended,292140,30162506,Posted: 25 February,all,Alan Parsons,"The sucky:- Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ constantly stutters, 60fps will be a struggle to keep.- Villain is lame- ""Random"" encounters are a downgrade from XIII- Lacks polish that XIII had- Lack of party characters (monsters are a bit meh)- Crystarium still sucks, but is slightly better than before- Only a couple of pre-rendered cinematics- Chocolina- No summons :(- Combat is mostly the same, but lacking eidolons, and other abilities, so it feels like there's less to do in a fight. Not many challenging main story fights until the end.The good:- Lots of side-content to persue- Time travelling and throwbacks to the first gameYes I hate on lots of things, but I enjoyed it overall. If you managed to enjoy XIII despite its flaws, there will be more enjoyment to find in XIII-2."
,Recommended,292140,30311290,Posted: 4 March,all,AsatorPrime,"This game only just gets a thumbs up. it's a buggy mess.When comparing it to the first FF13 game I enjoyed the open areas and side quests more (it's still a JRPG and as such extremely linear but it was nice to take a break from the main  story every now and then), but that was about it. Oh and the soundtrack like all FF games was great.The characters are a mixed bag, I liked the cast of the first game better but the antagonist of this game wasn't too bad and had a decent motive. Noel seamed pointless  and probably should have been substituted with the cast of the first game. Overall the characters and story are a bit of a mess, but as it's a JRPG it is to be expected.The combat is very similar to the first game but the random encounter rate was annoying as hell, after playing the Bravely Default games any game that doesn’t let me lower the encounter rates gets on my nerves and I have to force myself to keep playing multiple times.Not as good as the first FF13 game but worth a play if your a fan of the series or JRPGs."
,Recommended,292140,30108252,Posted: 22 February,all,Nirrtix,"7.5/10I do not understand all the bad reviews about this game. While I do think that Final Fantasy XIII was better, this one is not a bad sequel. The story was interesting, and the game was in depth. I do think some things took it down in my eyes severly, however I did not run into many performance or graphical issues. All the negative reviews here based on performance made me hesitate to buy this game for years. After finishing the game I do not get the gripes.Pros:- Interesting story and continuation of the first FFXIII- Music was beautiful, though about half of it was taken from the original FFXIII.- Art was beautiful, though many of the monsters and their are also seemed taken straight from FFXIII- Monster taming was interesting, but to me that was a mixed bag.- Being able to visit other places and other times was also interesting.Cons:- Reusing some of the Music and Graphics seemed excessive. Most of the monsters were common in Final Fantasy XIII. This however did not apply to the world graphics for the most part.- There are MINOR performance issues I had the game crash once, but it was no big deal for me. At some points the game had minor stuttering.- There are a lot of puzzles in the game, some of them (the clock ones) are so hard you have to look up online for help literally. I am not against puzzles in games but those were rediculous.- The story seems in some ways to contrast with the original FFXIII and some things that happen are left unexplained (like how Dajh and Zhaz are alive 500 years after the first game's events.)- You only have 2 characters in the game and one monster at a time (three in a party but only one out at a time.) It is not as bad as it sounds but it makes the game feel more generic.- Most of the characters from the original are not in the game other than short cameos.- The game does have some minor graphical issues, the rain in the game looks a little funny.- The fragments you have to find are often very hard to find without assistance. Many fragments are not necessary to beat the game, but some of the hard to find ones are.- Synergy abilites feel like they have little worth, as they do not last long and the bosses are fairly easy to beat. I beat the game on the last bosses and they were rediculously easy. (I think I only had to start a boss battle over like 2 times, the puzzles and finding fragments were harder than the bosses.)With so many cons it may seem like I really hated the game but it was a decent game... Some of them are minor... I loved the Music even though some of it was remixes of the original. The original was one of my favorite Final Fantasy games. The one that I am sure will never be beat is Final Fantasy VII."
,Recommended,292140,14371137,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Shaputapu,One of my absolute favorite Final Fantasy games. The battle system is a lot of fun and the game has a ton of replayability if you want to get 100% completion. I played for over 100 hours on the PS3 and am excited to do so again on PC.
76561198111039144,Not Recommended,292140,30305651,Posted: 3 March,all,Manithro,"I've played XIII and am now playing through this one and both have pretty poor optimization.- Played XIII on a i3-6100 + GTX 1070 with anywhere from 30-55 FPS- Playing XIII-2 on a i7-7700k + GTX 1070 with the same FPS.So if you're on an older system, I can't guarantee that you'd even get playable framerates. Now, as to my opinion on the game itself, I'm only playing this game because I liked XIII, otherwise I would have immediately refunded it because the story kinda sucks and so does the FPS.In short, if you REALLY liked XIII, play this. If you didn't don't buy it."
76561198250602534,Recommended,292140,30052523,Posted: 19 February,all,Lionwolf,"High Production Value, Lovely to play and no issues on my PC laptop with regards to performance or playability."
,Not Recommended,292140,25585844,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Andy,I do not recommend FF XIII-2.No matter what pc you have it will not give you stable 60fps.Also this game is really poorly optimized. It will give you random crashes without autosave datas. Just don't buy it for pc.Pros:-Play as Serah-Able to make monsters as your alliesCons:-bad story-frequent crashes-lower fps than FF XIIIOverall : 3/10
,Not Recommended,292140,14425995,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,OneOfThoseDays,I get more fps playing Battlefield 1 on 4K...
76561198092271075,Recommended,292140,30333270,Posted: 5 March,all,DarthLee,-Very nice OST.-story is confusing in this episode.
,Not Recommended,292140,35193980,Posted: 24 September,all,Zedja,"Garbage, it has 3x the issues its predecessor had. From bad quality to crashes every 5 minutes when venturing into new areas, or when new fiends animate.If anything I'd suggest trying it on console and definitely Not PC."
76561198001399728,Not Recommended,292140,35070696,Posted: 19 September,all,CirCra,"Was enjoying the game until 2 game breaking bugs occured.Keep in mind I scoured forums and support articles in attempt to fix my issues to no success.1. 50/50 chance that when saving the game crashes (without saving). This is linked to an issue with cloud sync. If you turn cloud sync off, there is no more saving issues. Good to go right? No.2. after disabling cloud sync I encountered another bug. Endless loading screens. When attempting to load into a new area the game infinitely load (waited nearly an hour at one point to see if anything would happen). If I turn cloud sync back on this wouldn't happen. But then issue number 1 came back.Couldn't get a refund due to my 6 hours of play time (over 4 hours of that time was trouble shooting), and since I waited a long itme since purchase to play the game (2 week window you can refund).Potentially enjoyable game if you don't enouncter these issues. Glad I bought them on sale. Enjoy my money steam/square enix, I know I won't be enjoying the game."
,Recommended,292140,13746395,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FINN DEIMNE,+Beautiful game+Great Combat+Great Leveling Characters/Monsters
,Recommended,292140,13738547,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,long_walk,"Most fun and interesting rpg I have played in a long time.  Decent port, results seem to vary person to person."
,Recommended,292140,13703497,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ballislife,"A tree branch with a nice set of cans and a young John Travolta go time findin'-behindin' to find out the mystery of theKingdom of the Crystal Skullwalking can's sister's disappearance.Even though I wasn't a fan of FFXIII, this was actually really fun to play and the story didn't leave me at that trucker stop on I-80 for 10 hours and realized that they left me behind and kept going anyway. Kind of grindy, but still enjoyable. If you're on the fence about picking up the FF13 series, I'd recommend it if it's like 15 bucks for the whole set (and assuming you're itching for a JRPG).I recommend playing with a stat-maxing guide and a normal playthrough guide so you don't have to pour over your bestiary for 12 hours like I did last Sunday trying to figure out what was missing.Also, the DLC stuff is overpowered so get on it as quickly as possible to make the game easier than it already is."
76561198063167777,Recommended,292140,13797100,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Raizer,it is amazingfinal boss was no jokearena was awesome.beautiful music
76561198115212549,Recommended,292140,24210707,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mindeulle,"if you planning to buy thisplease see carefully that min. sys req.after that make sure your system is 2 x better than recommended one (not the minimum)maybe 3 x to make it saferthe game is badassthe port is bad AS S worthless sh itand the worst part is Lightning Returns run way more smooth than this sh it portwhich is problem if you want to play that, cuz ff13-2 is the link between ff13 and lightning returnsbut sadly i cant say No for this game T_T you can say love is blindi've been betrayed ~ but no matter what i still love you"
,Not Recommended,292140,28954607,Posted: 2 January,all,Laughing Ram,"Might be a good game. Wouldn't know, it breaks before you can play it.As many others have said, it's a really crappily put together port. Should run smooth as butter on my system, but it'll crash, freezer and stutter. Maybe you'll get lucky and it'll run on your PC, but I wouldn't get your hopes up."
,Recommended,292140,13721295,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skidpro,"this is great port and runs in higher resolutions then 1080p on my PC/monitor. I just want the gamepad controls to have rumble or force feedback and it would add to the experience, as the consoles did so I cant see why this and FF13 doesnt? It looks amazing, and its fun to play again on PC in such hi res graphics....but I guess you need a hi spec PC really to do this (GTX 770 i7 477OK ~3.5GHX w/16GB RAM here), a year old but still running well. I will get LR on release for PC but I was disapointed with PS3 version of that game although the battle system was better, the story and quests in the game time limitations sucked.....But thats not 13-2...Get this if you are Final Fantasy fan, £10 worth spending, IMO."
76561198059591011,Recommended,292140,30442763,Posted: 11 March,all,Brutha,"Great game! Great music! However, I don't like how some of the archievements designed like the casino part and the chocobo part. I don't consider myself 100% complete the game even though I unlocked every archievements because I don't even own every weapons or items in the game just like the treasure hunter in FF13. Netherless, the gameplay is much better than part 1."
,Recommended,292140,22116720,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ryanreynolds022289,played it when it first came out i liked it more than the first one but it is kind of confusing at time and alot of back stepping and running all over looking for something to progress but i will play it again
76561198079531279,Recommended,292140,21975433,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Darth Fluffy,"Great story and alot of fun to play.The story takes a new direction from FFXIII and heads in a new direction while keeping with the premise of changing your fate.  The characters are likable, with appearances from characters from FFXIII.  Not nearly as linear feeling as 13 was, 13-2 has alot of open areas and the ability to go back and forth between areas, if you just feel like exploring some more or working on side missions.The combat system isn't really any better than 13, but to me it feels a bit more entertaining with the monsters in the party and lets be honest, who doesn't want a chocobo in the party?? Am I right?  The crystarium is a bit more complex if your looking to min/max your characters, while being a lot simpler for just straigt leveling purposes.  Monster crystarium is very simple and straigt-forward.All in all, I feel its a better game over all than 13 is and I'm enjoying the hell out of it."
76561198071972832,Recommended,292140,13910287,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Exotath17,If your an old school final fantasy player you will love 13x2. The battle system is very reminiscent of the older classic ones with an amazing story as usual. Best part about the new steam version is the 1080p Graphics and let me tell you it looks amazing. If you haven't yet tried this one now's the time in HD.
,Recommended,292140,32937195,Posted: 28 June,all,XzK,Serah is <3
76561198163281007,Recommended,292140,20283118,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Perren,all time favorite RPG title! you can never go wrong with Final Fantasy.
,Recommended,292140,16770865,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GalaxySlide,Lighting is mai waifu
76561198006222256,Recommended,292140,23030727,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Solgamma,"its an ok gamethe port needs to be fixxed or replaced there are a lot of bugs, performances issues, and a major need to be mades more compatible with newer OS's including windows 10."
,Recommended,292140,13875005,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Polar,"i've read some reviews before i bought this game.i know it seems like square enix didnt port this game perfectly,but i run this game with almost no problems.the bad of the fps( i got average 20-30) aint annoying i think. pretty good for me.but the most important thing is ""IF YOU LOVE FINAL FANTASY, THEN THIS IS A MUST BUY!""the video scenes, the graphics, the story, i love them. i love all of the Final Fantasy series.and about the battle system?reminds me of old times RPG haha.and i just wish that square enix would port Kingdom Hearts to PC and sell it via steam :(no hope. just a wish haha."
,Recommended,292140,30445846,Posted: 11 March,all,Helevorn,"Better than FFXIII. Light-hearted and fast-paced, more oriented towards action (pre-emptive strikes now are obatainable through attacking the enemy with A/X, you must jump, you can explore the world) while the battle system is quite similar to its predecessor (CPs, like the sphere grid of FFX). All in all, it seems that Square-Enix tried to correct many of FFXIII's flaws thanks to reviews and critics of it, and in the end we've got a better game.. even though, like FFX-2, is quite easier. Graphics are great, it's full of J-pop music in the background.. worth the while!!!"
76561197972837483,Recommended,292140,31005806,Posted: 7 April,all,Desaint,"Enjoyed this more than FF13. If you enjoyed FF13, then this game is for you. One of the biggest improvements over its prodecessor is the game not feeling so damned linear. Has multiply endings and can be a very big challenge in parts. One thing that sucks though is the fact that its a bad port from the Console. You'd better have a half decent PC, otherwise its going to not run smooth."
,Recommended,292140,29892122,Posted: 12 February,all,FSgt. A. Switz [3rd MAR],"This positive review is only because I have personally enjoyed FFXII-2 even though I am not a fan of so many things in this game.Final Fantasy, at least my favorite moments in this game anyway, all come from FF1-X for me.  I have never been a fan of how they keep trying to change more and more to a action based type of strategy game.  Almost like a hybrid nowadays, however, I understand that those descisions come out of demand more than loyalty.  With that in mind, I completely disregard that aspect which I hate most out of this game.The next is the story.  Like FFXIII, it is just a very weak and confusing story.  It is almost as if the writers all got together one summer to come up with the most ""amazing plots full of twists, turns and intrigue"".  What the casual gamer is left with is yet another very confusing story line which is supposed to be the hallmark of the FF series.Gone are the days of good vs evil.  The days in which the games arch villian makes themselves known at the very start of the game and the entire story line through the game is a build up of that final showdown.  Just like XIII, it takes a while to even know who the true enemies are in this game.  I am only 2/5th through it and I honestly have no clue who the enemy will be.  Will it be Caius and Yeoul?  Those are the likely choices.  Or could it even be Sereh and Noel who are actually upsetting times paradox?  Or is it Lightning who is stuck in some sort of confusing limbo I have no clue how she would have got there or why.The story of this FF is perhaps the worst I have ever seen.  I am doing everyhting in my power to talk to EVERY NPC, read up on EVERY story line recap and have been following guides without spoilersto try and keep knowledgable about what is going on.Could writing like that actually be described as a masterpiece?  Sure, depends on how you look at it.  May work great for movies, but I am just not a fan of it belonging to a FF game.But I CAN get passed the story.  It has a lot of story so in a way it makes up for the lack of knowing what is happening.  Half the reason I want to keep playing every day is just to unravel what is happening.  Again, sounds like a compliment, but it truley is not.  I want the old more linear FF's of the old days to return.  Not this confusing crap.GAMEPLAY: Plays just like 13.  So if you liked the combat style or it was good enough, then don't expect any surprises.  I believe they removed summons as well.  They are mentioned from a few NPC's that are not a part of the storyline at least.7/10MUSIC: Has enoug original music to make this yet again one of the best reasons to ever play FF.  It carries over many songs and parts of songs from 13, but I also hear a few nods to FF1, FF3 and FFX in there (but not the exact songs from them).  Still not the best music I have ever heard in a FF game, but close.9/10STORYLINE: So confusing.  There where no hints at all at the end of FF13 that any of this would happen.  They really pulled this one out of nowhere.  It takes a few hours for the utter confusion to sink in before you grudgingly admit this is the course the story line will be for pretty much the entire game.  You understand quickly that some alter-universe is happening, but it gets very hard to wrap your head around as to why and how.  In fact, after pouring over guides, walktrhoughs and wiki's as well as 40 hrs in game, I am still not understanding those two questions.3/10 - Worst FF storyline everGRAPHICS: Seems good for a PC port to me.  980ti and 6780 i7 (top end).  Only complaint is that they need to support ultra-wide.  No FPS or stuttering issues to report.CONTROLS 9CONTROLLER): The D-Pad for the Steam Controller works horrible with this game.  Just moving the camera around your character takes 3-7 swipes even at full sensativity.  I'd recomend playing this on a PS3 or XBox controller instead.6/10Overall, it IS  a fun game.  Certainly not the best, bt it's WAY better than FF12.  And TBH, since FF13's story also sucked,  I find myself enjoying this one slightly more than FF13.  Probably because I already know the charcters more.  And the side content is massive in this game.UPDATEI have finally beaten the game and the ending was very powerful and well written.  This game immediatly goes up a few notches because of that and you finally start piecing together the overall story a lot more even though their are some pretty obvious loopholes on why the game ended like it did given in earlier parts of the game you where lead to believe something else would happen.So just beware, you really need to push yourself through the first 30 hours of this game before the meat finally starts coming off the bones and you can start seeing the story.Another thing I forgot to mention was the top level voice acting the game has.  It was flawless and fit every major character perfectly.Off to Lightning Returns.  God I hope no more time travel!"
76561197964866568,Recommended,292140,15686685,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"Played XIII on PS3, it was pretty boring.Started XIII-2 but didn't have the strength to finish it on PS3, turns out the PC version is a tiny bit superior (minus some DLCs, as they said in description. Didn't care that much for the game to be hurt by it).Game has various resolution options, AA that works somewhat but won't blow your head off and an ok optimization (though others say it is quite bad, it works even with x16 AA for me, but I'd stay with x4 for max fluidity).The controlls default layout don't make much sense to me.ESC quits the game and you jump with BACKSPACE? What the hell?One of the VERY few titles in existance where I would actually advise for a gamepad if you have one available.As the game is very old as it is, all I can say it's Final Fantasy, cheesy one of the more child-like kind of grind games where you are encouraged to replay previous parts of the game in order to max them.Something for the OCD game completionists that buy one game a year, a wonder to some. A boring excercise to normall people. A torture for people with 5 second attention span.Story can be quite enjoyable, even if it drags a little bit and the party is limited to 2 people (worst part so far for me, some people like the monster - catcher aspect though). To me it feels a little shallow, but XIII had the least interresting crew of all characters I ever saw in FF games, so that may be the reason.Anyway, solid 7/10 overall."
76561198124237994,Not Recommended,292140,32334650,Posted: 10 June,all,gamer7,I love this game but its constantly crashing every time it saves. i wish i had read the reviews before i bought this haha. oh wells
,Not Recommended,292140,28695958,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CBSkillz,"PC version was buggy enough that I could not get through opening cut scene. Refunded & purchased on XBOX360 for more than what I'd originally paid for PC version. The 360 doesn't run the game very well compared to what I saw on the PC, but I can actually play it without crashing. The game itself is pretty good."
76561198053356113,Not Recommended,292140,31459096,Posted: 30 April,all,cendrieR,"Better the XIII, at least there are some elements of gameplay (character progression). The story is still uninteresting to say the least."
76561197970554803,Not Recommended,292140,34730657,Posted: 4 September,all,Squatingtiger,"I played FF 13 and enjoyed it a heck of a lot. Unfortunately, that is where my FF13 experience will end because I can not get FF13-2 running at all any more. It's not my PC or drivers etc etc. Believe me, I've tried all the fixes, workarounds and forum suggestions. The game was running fine for about an hour but now locks up every time a new game or save game has been loaded, nothing has changed.I'm not giving this a negative review for gameplay, graphics sound etc or the game that it is but for the shoddy port and support for PC gamers.It's too bad that I've had this game in my library for well over a year, this exceeds the 14 day return policy, otherwise I'd have refunded within the 2 hour game time limit.The FF13 story will have to suffice, I just hope FF15 isn't as much of a joke to PC gamers."
,Not Recommended,292140,24450965,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,soc hexum,Terrible port
76561198030461927,Not Recommended,292140,13888122,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,mattsolomon419,"Great Game! Kind of so-so story but overall very fun and enjoyable rpg. This pc port however is terrible. Optimization problems along with fps drops all over the place even when running good hardware really has disappointed me. I hope Square will take their next pc port of Lightning Returns seriously, but after XIII and XIII-2 I hold little faith...My Specs:i53570KAsRockz77extreme416Gb RAMEVGA GTX970 FTW"
76561198307931821,Not Recommended,292140,28311623,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jazyk,System requirement is a lie
,Recommended,292140,13319128,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vindicator,"First Impression: Doesn't seem to suffer from the issues that FFXIII did on PC.Edit 1: For those of you experiencing low framerates, make sure to switch your ""Shadow Resolution"" low on the launcher.  The highest setting requires 256x as much processing power as the lowest setting.  It's a big deal for this game and makes a huge difference."
,Recommended,292140,20184410,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Claire.,"Just love the flanitor, they will love you. They will rescue you. And of course, it's so majestic."
76561198032621266,Not Recommended,292140,13338968,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,VicViper,Hey SE fix the damn FPS problem and get a real language select option.Otherwise just a waste of 20 bucks for me.
,Recommended,292140,13712489,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Devil of the Rhine,"Gameplay's largely improved from the first game; paradigm system's a little more fleshed out, unwanted encounters are mostly easier to avoid, more to do, more open.Story has difficulty standing on its own, but I wouldn't necessarily say it's bad, just a lot of missed opportunities and overreliance on referencing the original. Interestingly it's the only time travel game I've seen to make use of string theory.As a port, there's a severe dearth of options. Resolution, shadows, AA, and that's about it. Textures in particular look very dated and can't be adjusted, so I'd suggest finding a third party tool to force antisotropic filtering. I didn't experience any stability or framerate issues, though there was some weird behavior with alt-tabbing that required the game to be restarted.Decent enough game for the price if you have a JRPG itch."
,Recommended,292140,13628327,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ナツ ドラグニル,"good game, really addictive, confusing history if you didn't play FFXIII, good gameplay a little hard to understand at the beginning, good music, godd enviroment, epic battles against bosses, they are really hard to defeat.in conclusion recomended 9/10"
,Recommended,292140,13646205,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jigw,"the game used to close by itself once every few minutes, especially when you're in the historia crux. Now it's getting more often, please fix this. It makes me lose my progress sometime when there's no autosave in the area. It's a great game, better and harder than FF XIII. I dont mind with the game getting slow sometime, just fix the ""close every now and then problem"" *sorry, bad english*"
76561198050456921,Recommended,292140,13714717,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,*~TiraMisu~*,LOVE IT
76561198373800333,Not Recommended,292140,31554010,Posted: 4 May,all,carlosm.bilan7,"I just finished XIII and was so looking forward to continue the trilogy. Unfortunately, despite having good graphics card, it got really laggy at the beginning part of the game.FFXIII really ran smoothly on my PC so I was surprised to find out XIII-2 was so laggy despite being smaller in file size.I can't take a gamble because I read it gets slow in consoles too. Will probably wait for this to be remastered in PS4 but yeah, really disappointed Square Enix didn't do the port for this well."
,Recommended,292140,14119330,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,슬기,Best Game Ever.. Nothing more to say about it.
,Recommended,292140,21770227,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Konizumi,its ok
,Recommended,292140,15052792,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Can we make friends?,"A good story. Huge universe. Excellent graphics. Favorite characters. Delaying for a long time. But alas, not everyone will be able to play at high graphics settings. The game is not optimized. High-rez shadow? Large resolution? Forget.But it is still possible to choose the setting that will please you and do not detract from the gameplay.The game meets the needs of the player.Have a awesome journey through the universe FINAL FANTASY XIII-2!(´• ω •`)ﾉ"
76561197977990432,Recommended,292140,15052411,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Shit Happens  [AUT],i RLY love this game and the story...and thank you Square Enix for PC release...but if u have problems with sound (like - BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP at Logitech G930 Headset)just open the Surround-Sound-Options (Headset Options) and set the sound on the left-middle to 0
,Not Recommended,292140,14409047,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sloppy,"It's been said by many, and wow. This port is bad. Real bad. I get jumps from 20 to 60 on 1080P with 2xmsaa and 2000 shadows. The stuttering is really bad. You can see some really bad looking textures and my settings don't save which means I have to change my settings from the main menu everytime I try to play this game.I'm running this off a decent system that can play battlefield in 80+ frames average. I have an AMD 8320 overclocked to 4ghz, I have a GTX 970 SC, 16 Gigs of ram, and I'm still getting an average of 35 frames. I want to keep playing this but I can't enjoy it. I'm essentially just forcing myself to play through this game which is just decent so far. Please save your money and buy this on sale if there is a patch. It is really frustrating to play under these circumstances."
76561198049611963,Recommended,292140,13370698,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Admiral General Aladeen,"shut up steam, and take my money !!"
76561198078753179,Recommended,292140,13895983,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ShamusRain,"Despite the horrible FPS issues, this game was worth every hour, minute and second of gameplay!+ DLC included in purchase+ More open than its predecessor+ Moderate difficulty+ The main protaganist Serah developes more than her sister Lightning did (protaganist of XIII)- FPS drops are really horrible sometimes- Serendipity is not that fun"
76561197991207502,Recommended,292140,13953719,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,A1mless,"After spending some 30hrs+ playing it the gameplay was fun, story is slightly confusing at times but its worth buying if you are a fan of the series. The framerate was fine though the game can crash randomly (happened to me twice)."
76561198043032732,Not Recommended,292140,28880701,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,H|X,"I got fooled twice. This is everything that's wrong with the FF series.Cloying characters, tedious gameplay, a plot in service of nothing and a stable of recurring FF tropes.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,292140,21968123,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Heimdall,"If you found the original Final Fantasy XIII to be lacking and are hopeful you'll enjoy the redesigned second entry into the FF13 trilogy, be prepared for indifference. While FF13-2's battle and encounter system have been greatly improved, the flaws from FF13 are still present and hamper enjoyment of the game. The time travel element is welcome if you're, like me, a fan of the SNES classic Chrono Trigger, but wears out its welcome when it comes to collecting specific key items required to advance gameplay. You'll quickly grow tired of time-hopping in order to run across a regional map to pick up one item only to do the same thing in several other timelines. The plot is also a mixed bag and only mildly improves on its predecessor's writing, leaving me dreading the last quarter of the game or so which I only completed as I felt obligated to at that point. If you're already an FF13 fan, this game might be worth checking out otherwise avoid this game."
76561198167359755,Not Recommended,292140,28775030,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gregory9_88,"Seems to be an engaging and compelling sequal to Final Fantasy XIII. Many of the flaws from XIII have been fixed, although the story does seem a bit confusing. Overall, I could see myself enjoying this game, if it would STOP CRASHING! Literally just closes out of the game, almost randomly, whenever it feels like it... Terrible port to PC"
,Not Recommended,292140,22301981,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Burretploof,"Your mileage may very much vary with this title. For me, the game crashes at a specific point without fail (going back to Bresha Ruins 5AF) and nothing I've tried was able to fix this.To add to these seemingly random crashes the game suffers from the same FPS drops as XIII did and even something as simple as Steam Cloud Saves or the Steam In-Game Overlay are said to worsen the aforementioned issues.It's a lazy, unstable port that I simply can not recommend.(If you own a PS3 or a X360, you can go and buy the game for that platform. XIII-2 is very ""freeform"" when compared to XIII which didn't do a good job at hiding its linearity. The battle system is mostly the same. It's an alright game that might be worth your time, considering the low price.)"
,Recommended,292140,13334946,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,hsmoke,"Please note that I am very familiar with FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 on the PS3, hence why my playtime may not seem that great.FINAL FANTASY XIII was a fairly ill-recieved game that dissapointed critics and fans alike, the Steam port of which was barrated for having next to no graphics options (thankfully, both ports now do) but it was no where near as bad as people thought. Long drawn out story, annoying characters, pesky bosses aside... it was a pretty eventful 50 hours, after which it's frankly boring narrative was summed up and we could all go home.Until now.FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 literally re-writes the ending of XIII, placing us in an entire new universe as Lightning's younger sister, Serah, and her charming companion, Noel. They join forces on a quest through time to save Lighting (who has now been erased from time. For some reason.) in the sequel that no one asked for - but it actually works.First thing first XIII-2 improves on alot of what XIII was lacking. Freedom is now a big part of the game, players can now choose what time zone to visitandwhat order they want the story to play out in - which is a very nice addition to the plot as it fuses well with the time-travel theme. The battle system remains similar, except a new feature has been added allowing you to add a monster you have collected into your party - sort of like Pokemon. You are free to customize the monster, and level it up with your party. This is a really neat feature, which opens up the battleground for new opportunities.However, this game comes across like it is trying to hard to be different from XIII. The narrative is convoluted and complicated - worse than the usual FINAL FANTASY formula. The different time zones and multiple (pointless) ""Paradox"" endings do not weave well with eachother, chances are you won't know what's going on half the time. However, unlike XIII you are thrown straight into the drama at the start of the game, no waiting about 20 hours for something to happen. And I do admit, some events in the plot did grab my attention - some of my fondest FF memories reside within XIII-2. The entire story does feel like a kick to the groin, as those 50 hours I spent in XIII are rendered pointless as almost none of it's key ideas are mentioned. You could easily pick this game up and go (it even has a plot summary of XIII.)Another feature I enjoyed of XIII-2 is The Coliseum, a battle area in which you fight off special monsters/bosses in order to win them for your moster collection. It's a pretty neat way to level up your party, or just to have a muck around in. Most of the battles are DLC - but luckily this port comes with most of the available DLCs including the 3 story expansion packs.All in all, FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 (like XIII) is not a bad game. It rights many of XIIIs wrongs, and certainly is a more enjoyable experience while a more confusing one.+ All DLC included. Mostly.+ Improves on many of FINAL FANTASY XIIIs flaws.+ Major improvement on XIII cast.+ New, enjoyable, characters.+ Moster collecting.+ Added freedom. Feels more like an RPG than any modern FINAL FANTASY.- Convoluted narrative.- Makes XIII feel pointless.- Cop-out ending. Sequel bait.- DLC stories unsatisfying.- Easy to exploit the level up system.- QTEs. *shivers*7/10"
76561198046239614,Recommended,292140,14996666,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dreadful QB!,"If you liked the first one, you'll like this one better.Gameplay-wise, 13-2 has more meat to its bones than its predecessor (I know, that's not saying much, but still worth mentioning). Story-wise, you'll enjoy it if you're into string theory and quantum mechanics (with some artistic license, obviously, but they took a page or two from actual science). Also, it's refreshing to see a female-male protagonist team that is NOT a couple and a story with a female protagonist WITHOUT love triangles (Lightning in 13-1 didn't count, given how she was the resident grimdork*).* Final Fantasy is formulaic in its team ensemble, the team always has a grimdork, and every so often, this grimdork happens to be the protagonist. In 4 it was Black/White Knight, in 8 it was Squall, and in 13 it was Lightning. Deal with it.The soundtrack is less epic this time around and more on the pop side of things with more songs than melodies but it doesn't detract from the mood, and the world building now spanning over 700 years of history is still pretty solid.Warning 1: Some of the puzzles are unnerving unless you can actually do Linear Programming, so when the dreaded clock puzzles appear, use this link:https://www.robertwoodward.com/clockPuzzle/Warning 2: If you plan to go all the way and get the Hidden Ending, the whole thing becomes a ""Gamefaqs Game"" (i.e the ONLY way to make heads from tails out of it is reading a guide).All in all, it's a worthy Final Fantasy within the confines of modern-day JPRGs so, if you already have the first one, you won't regret following up (just wait for a Steam sale). Finally, addressing the elephant in the room: is it linear? Well duh! all JRPGs are railroads, and Squeenix' ones doubly so, infuriatingly so, even, so if you're a fan of the publisher or the genre, then you should be long over that one."
76561198018326767,Not Recommended,292140,16881406,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Serge le lama routard,"Like many others, my game crashes at the beginning, even without this crash my pc has a lot of lagging issues even when running it with everything set as low when it worked with FFXIII. It's even more frustrating for me because i'm really curious about the pet system, seems really cool. I don't know if SE plans to release a performance patch, hope so, but i really doubt it. Buy it on console if you want to try it, unfortunately i don't have a ps3."
,Recommended,292140,15446687,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,fluister van 'n roos,"what can i say , its final fantasy alot of the time it dosnt make a lot of sense , but who cares its a final fantasy port that dosnt suck ( thats right im looking at you ffXIII ) , all the charactors who you love , hate or have conflicting emotions for are back,  in some ways this game actually helps make sense of what happened in ffxIII if thats possible , glorious visuals emotional back stories and monsters galore, if you love ff games (and if you dont i want to know what planet you are from so i can send them a copy or two) , then you will prob love this one two monstaers , cut scene , monsters , cut scene , then what comes next ? thats right more monsters :) it gives you excactly what you expect nothing more, nothing less, any way if you like jrpg's ( and who dosnt) then play this and have a ball like i did ."
76561198218458060,Not Recommended,292140,34169156,Posted: 11 August,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"A mistake they were trying to fix with a sequel, don't get me wrong. It's an improvement but it was still bad just like it's predecessor. Only being able to control one character while a slow stupid ai controls the other 2 party members. They didn't even know who would be the 3rd party member so they were like ""F$#K it we will add pokemon to this mistake."" Don't get me wrong, the game is an improvement from the last one, it is somewhat less linear than the last but it has to do about time travelling and that is the worse offense in making places look new, all the places you go to will look the same but in a different atmosphere because you revisit places in different time zones. Game progression is too easy I managed to get both of the main characters to level 99 with all their paradigm roles unlocked so the fights are still easy, what is good though is that enemies are no longer damage sponges but maybe that's because I am max level too early.Overall: it's an improvement, still bad but better, the only thing that kept me playing this excuse of a final fantasy is the music."
,Not Recommended,292140,13717671,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,XxKINGKICKASSxX,"I give it a 2/10 honestly. The amount of lag I get from the PC port on cutscenes is just stupid, and battles are 10 times worse! Has a tendacy to crash. I reccomend waiting for square to give it an update to boost performance before even contemplating on getting this game. I would reccomend getting the ps3 version if you're absolutely dying to play this."
,Recommended,292140,13543494,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Drako9,"lets seethis has a pokemon like system to have monsters in you party and thats enought to make me like this gameand also its pretty fun being a time travelersadly i heard that its a common problem random lag(fps drop, i dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about that usually, but in this game that is really a problem especially when the whole scene desync while they talk) in the game for no reason, no matter what your rig isstill its far far far far better than the first and has some good replayability(gotta catch then all, with some crazy dlc to catch)"
,Recommended,292140,19672610,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Nep Nep,Tales of Serah with time machine =D =D =D
,Not Recommended,292140,13966961,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,michael.,"Terrible PC port, compared to the not-too-good FF XIII port. I can't run the game above 25fps with this rig:GTX 760 2GBi5 4440 @3.1ghz8GB RAMWin 8.1This rig runs Battlefield 4 at close to max graphics smoothly, so I can readily say that this is a port issue, not a hardware issue at all.The only way to play this game at a playable fps is to cap my own PC framerate to 30. In doing so, the game runs fine at 30fps constant. But the whole point of buying the PC version is to play it at 60fps and 1080p, so yeah...SEnix, you better patch the game asap."
,Not Recommended,292140,34001419,Posted: 3 August,all,Starbadger,"The PC port is absolute TRASH. Experiencing control functionality loss causing very tedious workarounds (haven't looked online for a patch solution as of yet and I won't for other problems), game optimization is very sub-par (par being a hobo in a garage).The story line is okay- but only if you do your best not to poke at square enix's ridiculous understanding of time.All this was doable, and I'd planned to 100% the game but.... an absolutely unforgivable aspect is allowing the player to level up WRONG. Now sure, you might say many games have this aspect. What differentiates FF13-2 from those is that the level up system is comprised of you pressing A to gain one level... Straightforward, right? Unfortunately if you do it in the wrong place at the wrong time, hidden mathematical formulas give you a NOTICABLY weaker character. For example, my character (level 99 in all specializations) had 200 less strength than if I had abused this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t optimally. Out of 1000. 20% ♥♥♥♥ed for no reason at all.Undeserving of any money.In short, game review 2/10, PC port review 0/10.If you do research to not get♥♥♥♥♥raped by the copious amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t landmines square enix is determined to throw at its fans, this game might be a solid 6.7/10 (on console only)."
,Not Recommended,292140,34073183,Posted: 6 August,all,ER,Game frequently crashes.  Don't waste your money on buying this rubbish game.  It's been more than a year and no one has managed to provide a fix on this issue.
,Not Recommended,292140,33915265,Posted: 30 July,all,jkt431,"tl:drGame has a save bug which causes crashes and I've read that the game is unstable in general. Do not recommend.***Unfortunately, this port is not a stable one. This review will not touch on any actual aspects of the game, which a shame because all I didn't find it that bad as a whole when I played on PS3 (not saying there aren't some major flaws, especially with the story and flow).So there is a bug where quite often the game will freeze (or crash in my case) when trying to save from the start menu. I've read theories that this has to do with how Steam Cloud Saves are implemented in the game, which makes sense to me as the Steam Application itself also freezes upon the game crashing. Apparently, turning off Steam Cloud Saving alleviates the save crashed but I've also read about the game just crashing in general (I have not experienced these crashes in the short time I played on PC). It's a shame the steam version will probably never be updated for bug fixes/optimization.I personally can't put up with the save crashes and won't try and tolerate the general crashes. I do not recommend the Steam PC version of Final Fantasy XIII-2."
,Recommended,292140,13320616,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,nanaelsh,"Think of this game as being kind of a combination of Chrono Trigger and SMT.  If the linearity of the previous game bothered you, you will be happy to discover that you can do whatever the hell you want and go to a lot of spots in the game's world after the first couple of hours. Monster party members also add a lot of flexibility to the combat!The story, while insane, is a lot softer than FFXIII's, and the slower pace allows you to learn about the characters and their motivations more. Many have said that Caius is probably the best villian SE's writers have created, and for good reason."
,Not Recommended,292140,28705506,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Vote Was Rigged,So I played XIII first and had to get used to it. But once I did I ended up liking it alot. This game I did not feel the same way.  After playing for awhile I started to hate it more and more. I don't get why they changed the little upgrade tree the way they did nor the way health works in battle. It was just so pointless. The story is good but I don't like the combate changes nor the way you get stronger.  Those are kind of a big thing with games like this.
,Recommended,292140,28007722,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Groghunter,"If you bailed on Nova Crystalis after FF XIII, give it another chance with this one.  great game"
76561198053608268,Not Recommended,292140,28708247,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Slavimigrus,"I just wish this worked... Crashes on Windows 10 every 10 minutes or so, during random moments. No fix found"
,Not Recommended,292140,20816338,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,caelumsixsmith,"+ Gameplay improvements over XIII+ An open world of sorts+ Caius is probably one of the most interesting antagonists in the FF franchise+ Not for everyone, but the soundtrack is great- Worse port than XIII- Confusing and unnecessary story- Serah and Noel are terrible protagonists- Each area feels awfully small compared to some levels of XIII (especially Gran Pulse)Verdict: Despite my playtime, this is not the first time I play XIII-2. I noticed (not through Steam in any way) that opinions on XIII-2 are polaryzing. I happen to be on the side of the fence that would say it was OK and had good things going for it, but wasn't better than XIII. Since Steam has only ""yes"" or ""no"", I'll give it a ""no"". The battle system was vastly improved in XIII-2, which is probably the most important thing for me, but mostly everything else feels unnecessary. Caius is a great protagonist and I love the soundtrack, but I just didn't have it with the story and Serah and Noel. Therefore, my ""no"" goes for the story and protagonists and how badly optimized it is, but it can be lots of fun if you focus on the gameplay. Recommended for those who want to play LR as that's a direct sequel to XIII-2."
,Not Recommended,292140,32348584,Posted: 11 June,all,Quarter Queen,"+ One of the best JRPG- 30 FPS capped- Random crashes ( in loading, auto save, manual save, or even in battle)If u want to play this game better buy the console version"
,Recommended,292140,13321774,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Faith,"What will you expect from Final Fantasy XIII-2? (Strongly recommend to play through the previous game, CONTAINS SPOILERS FROM XIII)(TL,DR: Read Pros&Cons and Overall at the bottom, I played on the console version)„Why does mankind defy its fate?”The game takes place three years after the events of Final Fantasy XIII, and depicts the story of Serah Farron's journey across time and space to prevent the end of the world while searching for her missing sister, Lightning.Pros:- Fantastic atmosphere- The battle system expanded (you can catch monsters and they fight with you as third party member)- Epic music (more vocals and remixed versions for pre-battle)- ’More openworld’ than the XIII had, side missions, puzzles, casino etc.- Returning characters and places (You can visit the areas in other timelines, these areas change in appearance)- You can replay the chapters/missions anytime you want, and you can continue your journey (this is the NewGame+)- Paradox (or alternate) endings- Epic final boss battle with one of the best FF antagonist- You will get all the DLCs (3 story, all Coliseum battles, outfits)- Still an amazing story, but...Cons:- ...again linear and complicated (time travelling)- Only two playable characters (the DLCs grant you to play with Sazh, and Lightning in their own story)- Too easy- Shorter than XIIIStory (AF timeline means After the Fall of Cocoon):After the events of XIII, Lightning gets caught by a paradoxon and taken to Valhalla, the realm of death. While everybody thinks Lightning is dead, Serah is confident that her sister is alive. Lightning will be a knight of goddess Etro, and her task to save the future from Caius Ballad, who wants to destroy the time, he is Yeul's immortal Guardian and seeks to end the suffering she sustains by being endlessly reincarnated by killing the goddess Etro. Noel Kreiss comes from the Dying World at 700 AF, where he is the last surviving human in a world that faced destruction 200 years after the Crystal Pillar’s fall and Lightning ask him to find Serah and help her reach Valhalla. In New Bodhum (on Gran Pulse) at 3 AF Noel coming to find Serah. The two encounters in an epic journey through time and space to solve the paradoxons and save the world and Lightning.What about with the original team? Fang and Vanille are still in the Crystal Pillar, Hope is now 24 years old and the leader of the Academy (the new capital city), Sazh and Dajh have mysteriously gone missing, Snow left to search for Lightning two years after her disappearance, and Serah stayed with the NORA at New Bodhum.Battle:The battle system returns from XIII, you are able to switch the party leader during battle, the third party member will be a monster that will fight along with you with their own role (One monster = One role) and you can upgrade them (new abilites, better stats). It’s okay because three monsters can be held at a time, and automatically switch to the role a player shifts to in the paradigm. The Crystarium system returns too, with levels not with tiers. A new form of damage, called Wound Damage, lowers a target's member's max HP during battle and can only be healed by items, giving further incentive to defeat enemies as quickly as possible. If the current party leader is KO'd, the party leader is automatically switched to the other human character. The defeat of the human characters in the party results in a game over.Playtime (My first walkhthrough):Story: 32 hours (ofc with cutscenes)100%, All achievements, all (160) fragments, best chocobo for racing: 63 hoursOverall:For me this game 10/10, if I need to compare to the other FF games then 8/10, the story not better than the XIII’s story, but the atmosphere is better and the battles are exciting, there will be people who like this game more than the previous.If you loved the first installment, you will love this one too, if you hated you will be disappointed again, don’t buy it then. That's a pity, because I think it promises adventure not to be missed, despite its flaws.If you liked the game, I can recommend the finale of the trilogy: Lightning Returns.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,292140,13320931,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,hrace009,My review from scale 0 to 10Game Size: 8Minimum PC Spec: 9 ( I give 9 because it not consume to much resource )Gfx: 10Sound: 9Game Play: 8 ( Still love FF 8 game play XD )Story: 8Overall: 9 ( Exelent Game )runs fine at 1920x1080 with i7 8GBDDR3 GTX 760Tinever got under 50fps with that specs
,Recommended,292140,13651579,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,shane7218,"It has consumed my life. 10/10 would get consumed againI honestly believe that the FF13 trilogy is extremely underrated and at its core has an excellent storyline. I highly recommend people buy this game and FF13 and once Lightning Returns lands on steam complete the trilogy because despite what many say they are excellent.+ Excellent, thought provoking storyline+ Amazing Soundtrack (One of the best in Final Fantasy)+ Excellent Battle System+ Great Character Development- Some of the puzzles"
,Not Recommended,292140,17424198,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DarthNarga,It doesn't run above 20fps outside of FMVs even with an over-qualified computer on the lowest possible settings. Don't waste your money on this and get a console version instead.
,Not Recommended,292140,17391921,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,CovfefeBean,"Looks like a really great game, a little more bubblegum pop than XIII but feels like it should be a good game. It plays well on a console, but the PC version is f*****. Terrible frame rate issues and I have a pretty decent build. Until Square Enix releases a fix for this I would not reccomend purchasing this game and just in general, I'm going to keep my eye on slapped-together console ports before actually purchasing them, especially by Square Enix. Love the franchise but this is f*****."
,Recommended,292140,13328864,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Krypto,"Runs fine 2k shadows, 4 or 8xmsaa on a 7970/fx-8320@4.0ghz, 8gb ram. I'm running at 1440p. I'd say for a game essentially made for CELL architecture and quickly ported to pc it runs ""fine."" As long as you don't leave fraps up and count frames you'll see there is nothing immersion breaking abou the framerate drops. It's about what you're used to from the 360 generation. I can imagine it's frustrating for guys that want this game to be as well optimized as a AAA game like BF4 with pc as it's lead platform, but it's not going to happen. We're getting a game for $20 that's a AAA console game that essentially has many games on pc that cost much more than this beat. I'd support this on the chance FF XV could come to pc one day. I would appreciate it if Square made the effort to have released this on pc at launch as it seemed like was intended, but whatever. It stands up to current games.If I update this review, I'll tell you about how I've been enjoying this game so far. Luckily people can go on about this being linear because it's Final Fantasy alright, it just has much better graphics than you're used to so they're went through a period of adjustment and they're almost there as far as emotional impact and complexity of the game. Music is great too.Don't expect this to feel anything like an American game. It feels like a Japanese game, like Sonic or Mario, but of course the rpg version. It won't feel like The Witcher or Dragon Age."
,Not Recommended,292140,16718031,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Propaganda ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔ,"Might contain spoilers:If you have some sister drama addiction like our heroine here then i advise you to play this game.  if not, and you are actually a pretty normal human then really, dont, just dont play this game (if you wana call the first hour a game, more like a movie). unless you want to go through some of the most boring ""where is my sister, is she alive, etc etc"" scenes which doesnt  move the plot even a tiny bit then  go ahead.It starts with some cinamatic that doesnt explain anything then u have to mash some buttons with the cineamtic scene then more random stuff happens. suddenly you get to the sister this, sister that drama. where is the skip button? why cant  I cut scenes? how about you say something that actually proceeds with the plot? i been playing for abit over 1 hour for now and the over repeated ""i want my  sister, i wish my sister was here, oh i saw my sister"" drama made me hate this game.ADD A SKIP BUTTON to scenes that has nothing to do with plot.played for over oe hour and here is how much the plot advanced.  lighting send a guy to her sister. THATS IT. one hour so lighting can say ""go find my sister sarah"" and then he meets sarah and te drama starts.*EDIT 1*NVM found the skip button, Press 0 then 1. gonna play and see how it goes.*EDIT 2*over 17 hours now.  Someone needs to tell this lady that her sister isnt a diary. she went over from ""where is my sister"" to fully talking to her as if she is her diary. her symptoms are getting worse.and still the story didnt advance alot.  plot wise nothing. 17 hours of going from one place to another while fighting enemies and watching plotless movies (thank you skip button). i think they focused on gameplay and threw the story away. another thing to cmplain about which no one mentioned. hese is a stutter in the game every 2 seconds which SEEMS to be fixed when an xbox controller is connected (weird?) ."
,Recommended,292140,13372223,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Boo,"Loved every second of playing this. Square Enix, you've done it again."
,Not Recommended,292140,16995471,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,EridianAngel,"Well, all I can say about this port is that i have wasted $20.00. The game itself is amazing (I beat it on ps3) but I have a gtx 970 and i get, at the maximum, 30fps and it drops a lot. I do not recommend this game until they fix these issues and considering how long it has been out, they are not goin to fix the issue."
,Not Recommended,292140,16950622,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dank Hill (AKA Mr. Pro Pain),"---------------------Specs----------------------i7 950 @ 3+ GHz980Ti 6GB SC16GB RIPJAW RAM-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT 19 JUL 2015:I have tried a few fixes.  An unnamed ""fps fix.exe"" and disabling all HID-compliant devices.  My framerate is remarkably better, and the stuttering is gone, but instead of stuttering, I now have the game move at half speed every few second.  Like I'll walk half speed, swing swords half speed, jump half speed, etc.Still a nearly unplayable port on my specs.-------------------------------------------------------------------Getting constant 20-25fps. in 1080p.  A hilarious twist from 13's 45/60/30 gameplay/cutscene/battle framerates, 13-2 is getting 20-25/40-60/12-25 in gameplay/cutscenes/battle.  A 980Ti.  A flagship 6GB card... running and looking like a PS2.  Yes, I have gone into the NVIDIA control panel, tweaked the settings, and even tweaked processor affinity on FF13-2 ando ther programs.It looks even worse than 13.  The lighting is atrocious and I actually feel like I'm playing a much older game from my childhood.Essentially, it's a visual downgrade and the FPS drops tremendously compared to 13.  The story so far is cheesy and forgettable.  Not once have I actually cared to see what was going to happen next.  Not that there's any concept of ""next,"" because you can freely backtrack and go forward throughout space-time with zero regard to any sort of linearity at all. It's like a soap opera with 15 simultaneous plots, all of which are forgettable.TL;DR  -- poorly written, visual downgrade, unplayable framerates on a near-flagship PC, with no sense of direction and nothing interesting at all aside from the new blend of 12 & 13 combat."
,Not Recommended,292140,25455698,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Viz,"I can't speak to the quality of this game but I will speak to the quality of this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port.They advertise 60 fps but don't be fooled as you will never get this game to maintain a solid 60 fps. Hell, you would be lucky to get this garbage to stay at 30 fps. Do you enjoy poorly optimized ports that randomly and frequently jumps from 20-60 fps then this port is for you. Seeing as it has been years since this was released and given Square's track record, I can safely say that this will never get patched."
76561198024695555,Recommended,292140,13323320,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,南ことり best girl,"Cute little Mog and beautiful Serah and Lightning in whatever resolution you desire?Yes._,,,_／.　　 ＼/　 　 　  ',',　　　　 /＼,,＿,,／｀ヽ,(⌒-―- v'⌒)／　　　　　｀i/　　　　　　     i,'´￣｀ヽ―　　　　 　  iゝ,＿_,ノ　　　 　 　 　  i!　　　　　　　 　 /＼　　　　　　　／＞－-　　      ＜´        ／＼と´／　　　　   /　  iﾞiヽﾉ i. ＼/　　　　　 /　    i .i '⌒'⌒ ﾞ|　　　　　 ',__,,/　i>､　　　　　　　丿/　　`ｒ‐ｙ.´ ｀'.y´ゝ､_,,丿 ! 　 　 |ゝ､__,丿"
,Not Recommended,292140,17788334,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dylano,"this game is unplayable,low fps wont get above 20.even on high end pc's"
,Not Recommended,292140,22910120,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,L.I.G.H.T,Very bad port
,Not Recommended,292140,34072768,Posted: 6 August,all,Kri,This game quits and crashes everytime I play it. I'm waiting for my refund.
,Recommended,292140,16021210,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TG_Judgement,"As you might recall, Final Fantasy XIII was pretty much reviled everywhere. As a response, Square-Enix released a sequel that promised to fix everything that was wrong with the previous game. Did it work?Yeah....sorta.The first thing that is immediately apparent with the game is that there is no longer any linearity.In fact, the game is the opposite of XIII, with both the story and game systems taking a free-form approach, allowing you to level your characters the way you want, and tackle the story chapters with quite a bit of degree of freedom, though this freedom also means there's some tedious back&forth in some sections.Speaking of story...it's still nonsensical, with a LOT of reading done through datalogs to get the gist of it,like XIII was.Liked it more than XIII, but that's mostly due to being a sucker for sci-fy plots (like time-travel), and forThat ending.Graphically, the game's a bit worse than XIII, but nothing serious that could distract you.Some places look just as great as XIII did (Academia looks pretty gorgeous). Graphical Settings are a exact carbon copy from XIII, with nothing to set both of 'em apart in that regard (patch for XIII released at the same time as this released). The performance did change though...for the worse. This game runs even worse than XIII did, on the exact same hardware.I usually don't mention audio, but Final Fantasy games in general are known to have good soundtracks, and XIII & XIII-2 are no exceptions. Special mention goes to that ridiculous chocobo metal song, it's just too silly to not like it!So, the tl,dnr: improved sequel marred yet again by performance issues. Buy it if you're a fan &/or is on sale.PS: Same regional restrictions that applied to XIII applies here. Asian version is restricted to the Asian region.Get the Western version if you want an unrestricted version.(Source:https://steamdb.info/sub/41113/)PSS: Squeenix...Lightning Returns when?"
,Not Recommended,292140,21515274,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GodDragon,"When you think barthendalus was annoying in FFXIII, well.Here you get Snow, Noel and a lots of characters you could not care less.IF YOU COULD STAND THE PREVIOUS GAME AND CLEAR IT, THIS ONE ALSO GOT A NEW CHALLENGE: FPS ISSUES!Ps: ♥♥♥♥ this game, play lightning returns."
,Not Recommended,292140,24394898,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,⭐ZXund,Low framerate - checkRandom crashes - checkMicrosoft gamepad doesn't work - checkNo exit option - checkOverall: trashy port
,Not Recommended,292140,20414827,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Knurek,"Terrible port, inexcusable performance, missing graphical effects, difficulty curve that stays on 'braindead easy' for 99% of the game, shooting upwards only in the last dungeon, requiring either grinding for hours just to finish the game or just using a trainer. Story that can't seem to get it straight whether it wants to be a drama or a lighthearted romcom, terrible characters (yes, even worse than in FFXIII).Avoid like the plague."
,Recommended,292140,13342056,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,- KureiKeii -,"The controlling system is way better than FFXIII (For me).Comparison:FFXIII - Execute battle is a bit harder to get Preempective Strike. Because you need to sneak behind the enemy or use item to make enemy not see you.FFXIII-2 - Execute battle not too hard since you need to strike the enemy once while the bar meter still green, and you can get Preempective Strike in the early battle.Because of the Storyline, you might need the FFXIII to understand the situation (or you just can read the synopsis of FFXIII  that already in the menu).Seriously I enjoy both of this game FFXIII and FFXIII-2 (Mostly for battle-style and storyline)Preempective Strike: It's a strike that make you easier to get Stagger mode. Which is it will make your damage become higher than normal fight.Enjoy the game and have fun! Peace. ^^,"
,Not Recommended,292140,17747637,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DCRussian,"Stutters, freezes and crashes, haven't been able to get past the second fight without ripping my hair out. Absolutely horrible port"
,Not Recommended,292140,16647907,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,b0ss/king,"i love the game, its sad that it got some huge lags and if you have a suround sound headset its will apear a very load buzzing noice. if there is a way to fix those 2 problems that wuld be great ! outher wise i dont see any outher problem, looking forward to the next Final Fantasy and hopes that it wont lag or have any outher problems, once agein i LOVe the game and music !! i like the idea of turn phase combat aswell, good work !Gameplay 5-7/10Story 7/10Music 10/10<3<3<3Lag/bugs 10/10<--- its sad. this ruined the game ! (MOST BE FIXED )Graffics 8/10Good Game ! good Lags x(((im so sad to dislike this game but unill you guys change the bugs i cant aprove this to outhers)"
,Not Recommended,292140,16527148,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Roy Batty,"Framerate is horrible, even though my PC exceeds the recommended specs given. Changing graphical settings (to the limited degree allowed for by the game launcher) does not affect this at all. Whether I run it at 720p with everything dialed down or 1920x1200 with everything at max has no effect at all. The opening fight is stuck at 20fps for the most part. And given my experience with XIII itself, it doubt it gets any better further into the game."
,Recommended,292140,16634632,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,"This is the first game I've ever played in the FInal Fantasy series, and I must say that I am truly in love with it."
,Recommended,292140,18322247,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Haise,Another way to see your waifu Lightning ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,292140,23320886,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Pengca,I miss Fang :(
,Recommended,292140,13401868,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Watercolours,"This is the game FF13 should have been. It's almost amazing how well Square Enix managed to improve upon FF13 while maintaining it's core principles and mechanics.Gameplay is an improved version of FF13's paradigm/ATB combat. You still have the same roles (COM, RAV, SAB, SYN, MED, SEN) and the same maximum of 3 members in your party. Except now you have the ability to get rare drops from almost everything you fight (excluding bosses) that allow you to use said monster for your 3rd party member. This really opens up that much needed flexibility, compared to FF13 where all 6 party members were essentially the same apart from their full ATB skill. Also important to note is that there's no longer a long animation for paradigm shifting, which really feels more natural and doesn't make your characters idle for a few seconds, wasting that precious time you could be using to input commands. Characters feel less clunky and slow in their animations and you get the full combat system available very early on into the story. One of the main gripes I had with FF13 was that you were forced into the slow progression into unlocking the full capabilities of the paradigm shifting system. Other than the reasonable improvements, it's still essentially FF13's combat mechanics. You still craft higher tier-weapons with monster materials, although it's less farmy compared to FF13. Accessories take a major backseat due to a limitation being placed on the amount of accessories you can hold on one character, which different accessories having different amounts of capacity they take up. Eidolons/Summons are gone, but it's not really missed since you'd barely use them in FF13 anyway. You also get Fragment Skills, which are unlocked as you go along completing the game. These have a wide range of effects from changing monster encounter rates to opening up different endings by allowing an alternative path.The world itself has been really revamped though. You can now jump (although you're often blocked with invisible walls in most places) and as a result, there's a lot more verticality in the map design. You aren't forced into a corridor driving you forward towards the story. Progression is done by visiting areas of varying sizes, some small, some very large, in different time periods. You'll often have the option of visiting a place multiple times in different time periods, but it's not repetitive due to the slightly altered designs and different npcs. FF13-2 still has that gorgeous visual quality from FF13. The level design really has an emphasis on creating the perfect atmosphere for the situation, It's amazing how well they managed to convey each time period of the same location so uniquely.The story's done much better, with excellent pacing that feels natural and not forced. You unlock new locations (and time periods of that said location) within a level and progress slowly along with the story, although the locations have barely any correlation with each other. The story itself is actually done well. Characters feel natural and likable, and the main antagonist is one of the best Final Fantasy villians in recent memory. Pacing is done well since you control where and when to go and it's fairly open. It feels more like you're just going around places solving time paradoxes and moving onto the next world, which is a really nice change from FF13's forced pacing. There's plenty of optional areas to visit during the story, and the hub (Historia Crux) allows you to visit past areas instantly without having to retrace your steps.Sonically, this is personally one of my favourites from the recent FF games. There's FF13 tracks, remixed FF13 tracks and new music that really helps set the tone of the game. There's beautiful orchestral tracks, well written vocals and context appropriate background music that help drive the atmosphere of each and every situation. Although I felt there were a bit too many vocals and it was definite far more than what's usually present in a FF game. Not that I'm complaining though, some of the vocal tracks are done perfectly. Naoshi Mizuta outdoes herself in Noel's Theme, which features hauntingly sombre vocals, with a simple piano and violin background. The song really encompasses the character Noel and his struggles, and it's used to really emphasise emotional scenes. The main battle theme, Paradigm Shift, is a fast paced track featuring a vibrant violin, a simple but strong drum beat and a bassy synth. It really suits the frantic but orderly nature of battles and it's colourful but subdued enough to help focus on the battle. Eclipse is another standout, with vocals acting as a backing to the sharp violins, frantic pianos and punchy bassline. Honestly, even if my terrible adjectives haven't convinced you, at least listen to the soundtrack. It's really good.As a PC port, it's bad. Not FF13 bad, but still pretty bad. It has graphical options for resolution, anti-aliasing and shadow resolutions but nothing else. And it's not even ingame, but within a window that acts as a launcher of sorts. The EscKey=AltF4 is still here with it's warning box that's STILL a popup box outside of the game. It's 60fps, but poorly optimised so you can expect sudden drops in certain areas. Graphically, it's stunning but with few options to tinker around with. There hasn't been any bugs I've noticed though, compared to FF13 which suffered from random crashes that forced you to save at every available opportunity. As PC ports go, Square Enix still has a long way to go.All in all, it's a good game with great visuals, an interesting time-travel based story with an optimised combat system from FF13 and a very memorable OST. Better than FF13 in every way. Easily get it if you're a fan of jRPGs, it's an excellent choice."
,Recommended,292140,17037925,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,bananakin,Im not Gay !!!!
,Not Recommended,292140,20841860,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jakolentu,"Chocolina and Mog.  Possibly the only redeeming qualities of XIII-2.  Okay and maybe the music.  XIII was a full, flagship title game; XIII-2 and LR feel like they were created by a third-party using assets that were not included in the original XIII.  The developers even stated in interviews that they had enough material leftover from XIII to create another game.  Well, guess what, this is what you get; sloppy story written to fit the usable assets rather than build assets for a decent story.  Time travel can be an excellent tool in storytelling but it can also be an excuse for developers to reuse the same environment but give it a different name.  They did try to make this game seem appealing, and it would be, for, say, people who have never played a above average RPG.  While I did not run into many issues other players have reported a number of issues with the port on the community hub page.  Sadly as a whole the experience was not very memorable for me but for someone new to FF - maybe.  And cripes would it have killed them to change or even modify the model of the treasure spheres??Pros:a) Mog & Chocolinab) You can throw mogc) You get to see all the assets that could have been in XIIId) Cinematic cutscenese) Couple of nice music tracksCons:a) Messy story (if you were expecting romance, sorry to disappoint)b) Barely any Lightningc) Few new monsters (reused the same models/animations from XIII)d) Gimmicks/time sinks in place of good storytelling (coliseum, casino, quizzes, weather changes, 100% map collection)e) Changes as a result of time travel not tied to the main story are superficial, no significance, minimal impact (you don't get to see the results of the change and quite frankly aren't given many opportunities to make change)f)  Spawn rates are far too frequent to let you just enjoy the game; you never become truly immersedg) lazy end game; at one point it literally turns into a platformer with respawn by falling into void space (FML)h) Poor character development"
76561198066518784,Not Recommended,292140,21622021,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lynador,"Terrible port , fps issues - only reason I won't continue playing .My fault for not looking at reviews ."
76561198035178416,Recommended,292140,17107241,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Yuri (다시만난세계),its is a fun game although its old
,Recommended,292140,13513619,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rezon,"It's time!I can't say I expected much after the dissapointment that was Final Fantasy XIII.But I ended up enjoying this game a lot more than the original.If you want to read my review for the original XIII :LinkTime for pros and cons:Pros:+The game is no longer a long corridor, the areas are open with things to be discovered and time travel gives a good excuse to see many diverse and interesting locations. There is a nice amount of different locations and some areas are the same location but in a different time period.+Good music overall and some tracks are superb. Like these:Paradigm ShiftNoel's Theme+The narrative is very focused compared to the muddled mess in the original. This is mostly thanks to there only being a handful of main characters.+The villian is great, you completely understand why he is doing the things he does.+The combat is a lot better this time around while still feeling like the same system:+When you changed your partys roles in the orignal game there was a animation that took you out of the battle for about 2         seconds, this might not seem like a big deal but removing this animation and just letting the battle flow like it was before does a lot to improve the pacing of fights in this game.+If the character you are controlling dies you just take control of the other person in your party. This was lacking in the  original game and it is very nice to see them address this problem.+You can also change what character you are controlling mid battle, a very welcome addition.+The leveling system is actually very open to customization compared to the linear mess in the original. If you want to you could go through the entire game without ever getting the ability to heal. Not that I would reccomend it but it's awesome that you can do that.+You have 2 characters that are stuck in your party and a third slot open for a monster that you have tamed. You can tame most of the monsters in the game and every monster has its own abilites and base stats. I say base stats because you could have 2 ""Behemoth"" monsters but level them up completely differently. You can also find a lot of cosmetic items for the monsters, including hats. Each monster also has a unique limit break ability.+There is loads of optional content. Through the story you will be collecting ""Fragments"" to unlock new locations and time periods. You get these items by doing side quests and just finding them in chests. When I finished the game I only had 36 out of 160. So if you want to, you could spend a lot of time with this game.+This time around they included some actual graphics options. Including resolution, MSAA up to 16x and shadow resolution.+The game CAN run at 60 fps but...+There is dual audio, I played it in english and everyone was fine except for Lightning. She has less peronality than Microsoft Sam. Good thing Lightning only has about 10 minutes of screentime in the entire game.+Weapon system is better than in the original. In the original you could upgrade your weapons meaning that if you just kept upgrading your original weapon you had no reason to ever buy a new one. And because of the effort and gil needed to upgrade a single weapon you literally had no reason to ever get a new weapon. In this one you get access to new weapons in the shop the further you progress in the game, some are just a straight up upgrade, stat wise anyway. But other weapons have special abilites stuck to them but these require some additional items aswell as gil to be bought. All in all it's a straightforward system but at least it works, unlike the original.+Game leads nicely into XIII-3.Cons:-Time travel elements are very ""It's magic I ain't got to explain♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, but then the characters waste a lot of time in cutscenes talking about how it works and it just ends up wasting time.-The combat is still very much a case of just switching your classes to match the situation and pressing the ""Auto"" button. There was only one time in the game where I actually selected commands and that was because I was against an enemy that had health regen but my character refused to cast poison with auto.-You can't control your characters in battles. This can be really annoying in a lot of different sittuations, like when you have somebody as a tank with the ability to divert enemy attention to themselves and the party just stands around really close to each other, as a result everyone gets hit regardless. This defeats the entire purpose of a system that works in a 3D space.-Story was okay at best but a lot of time was wasted on nonsensical time travel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and in the end it just came down to ""X thing is a paradox, we must kill/fix it!"". X often being just a random boss enemy in the area. The story was more interesting when it focused on the stories of Ciaus, Yuel, Serah and Noel.-The game has very unstable framerate. I never dropped under 30 though, nonetheless it can be very annoying to watch as the framerate jumps all over the place.- The game crashed at least once every 2 hours. The biggest time lost as a result was 1 hour. Regardless, this was very annoying and by doing a short google search I can see that I am not the only one with this issue.-This time around there are minigames, something lacking from the original but all of them are luck based and some are even locked behind DLC.Conclusion:I must admit I wasn't excpecting much out of this game but all the non-linearity and freedom came as a big surprise.With loads of optional content, much improved combat system and non-linearity in almost every aspect, this game is actually worth playing unlike the original. As long as you are fine with a combat system that is very simplistic and a story that makes little to no sense.I will likely edit this review soon if I forgot to talk about something."
,Recommended,292140,13645091,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,:3 ♡F@rrön♡ :3,Great game just like it's predecessor.I almost cried at the end.
,Not Recommended,292140,24421384,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GreeNXZA,Pros:+Story+Gamplay quite okayCons:-combat is boring-lock FPS-No variation on build/upgrade
,Not Recommended,292140,21382059,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CadetKosmov 🌠,"Time Wasting SimulatorMore than half of the game is literally about making you waste time.The other half are just bland, cheesy cutscenes with Celine Dion singing in the background, and the weird cousin of a plot.Remember when Final Fantasy characters were driven by actual human emotions? When you could empathize with their suffering and happiness? Not this time."
76561198046595870,Recommended,292140,13456986,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,bennieb87,love it
76561198015878029,Recommended,292140,13434266,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rofl-Vollekers | Flower guardian,"i like this game a lot, it is a mix of fighting and strategie. at start a bit hard to master how to make your team setup, but when that becomes clear you are in for a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,292140,16490927,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,clea leshlick,"bad performance, maybe a lazy port? lots of framerates drop even on lowest settings"
,Not Recommended,292140,19587598,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Skrillcon,Frequently crashes.Framerate issues.
76561197988510453,Recommended,292140,18748200,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,"I have a GTX 770 and I was able to run the game at a perfectly comfortable framerate at 1920X1080, 16x AA, and the second highest shadow resolution it offered.  The only problem I have with this game is that it took so long to start feeling like a final fantasy game.  The first two thirds of the game felt like a half baked dlc for the first game, but for the last third or so of the game it really redeemed itself, and I really enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,292140,25630528,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Vlad,"The game itself is good, but the performance issues, which are exponentially worse than the first game's, are not worth the trouble. Regardless of how good your PC is, you're going to find yourself either disabling the framerate pacer and playing in slow motion or limiting your framerate to 30. You're better off playing this on a console."
,Recommended,292140,13471693,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,KillsForCookies,Fairly decent port not to many amazing gfx options and shadow resolutions seem to look best at 2046x2046 or else soft shadows look kinda off.But it supports up to 1080p resolution and 60fps not luxury but it looks solid and the game requires a fairly low end rig to play maxed out flawlessly [unless your one of the few unlucky folk for wich the game just runs horrible for no aparant reason]It doesnt contain ALL dlc its missing a couple outfits for example. [like n7 / style and steel]It does have a option to read back what happened each chapter of FF-13 in case you dont wana play through 13 but 13.2 is something you want to play.
,Recommended,292140,17650044,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Squall,"Loved that they could make az integral, good story after the first part. But the choice in music is awful! They play a cheerful pop music during the death of the main character....Also the performance on PC could be better! Steam regularly crashed while playing. During FFXIII it never crashed."
,Not Recommended,292140,21534948,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,complexxL9,"Lazy concept, heavely reused content (reused zones with different weathers).Basically all game mechanics and even ""story"" (if you can call that a story at all) is made to serve one purpose - create gameplay hours out of nothing.Not worth buying nor probably wasting time even if you could get it for free, there are simply too much good games to let bad games as this one to consume your free time.Final Fantasy series fan."
,Recommended,292140,14026948,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The -OG- Empires,fun and entertaining
,Not Recommended,292140,23959955,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Frederick0,"The game has a steady pause. Like the frame pacer is locking the actual game. Its consistent so its not a performance issue. While playing you can actually count ""1, 2, Freeze"" with 100% accurecy. Extremly bad port."
,Not Recommended,292140,21431116,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,thebert1,"I rarely write reviews, but for FF13-2 I had to. This has to be one of the worst RPGs I have ever played. Uninteresting characters, press x to awesome battle system and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. On top of it, a plethora of technical issues, save your money and buy something else"
76561198067098292,Not Recommended,292140,14968428,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Aureferr,"i got the game, i was better then the system requirements and it runs like crap."
76561197999981494,Not Recommended,292140,15022107,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Falaxx,"This is by far my worst experience on steam.I have a really nice computer spec but anyway even with high end computers@10000$ it runs at max 30ips/fps.I mean, wtf bro? i want to enjoy the game, and low fps ruins it, so i basicly wasted money on this crap.Avoid it at all cost."
,Not Recommended,292140,15054556,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,EV,Pretty bad port for a pretty mediocre game.
,Recommended,292140,13609174,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WiiWalker,It's way better than XIII and improved in many aspects. Gameplay feels a lot more like you get to choose what you want to do next (at least at some points). Downside is that you're limited to fighting with your main characters + pet but that's only a minor bummer. You'll probably like this if you're into RPGs. Just don't expect it to be the best FF evar... :)
76561198016954911,Not Recommended,292140,14562783,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,OcCam,quit crashing
76561198151602199,Recommended,292140,28818071,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OverlordTenshi,"I'm not entirely sure of what is going on with the game crashing for other people but running on an i5 6600k processor and a gtx 970 this game seems to run fine graphicly with a few of the settings moved up from the lower settings and I haven't had any issues with crashes. The only time it glitched was first opening it the game stayed on the square enix logo for a little bit. Maybe I'm lucky or someting idk.This game so far has been great its not quite as linear as XIII was but it is still quite linear. The cool thing is that it allows you to go back and redo places, visit anywhere you've already been, and I like how they switched out sneaking up on enemies for preemitive strike. Its golden. You get to have up to three creatures from the game set in to switch up your party so you can run things like Relentless Assault, Tortise, tri-disaster and any of your paradigms from the old game which is pretty sweet and I like how you only have two permanent members of the party for simplicity in leveling people up (not that keeping track of everyone was bad I'm just lazy). These things add up to make the game pretty great and enjoyable. Theres also lots of cinnimatic real time event stuff that looks pretty cool and is pretty easy as long as you kinda know the layout of the buttons the game want you to do.If you thought regular thirteen was fun you'll probably like this one as well. If you haven't played through thirteen it also has a beginner's notebook thing on the title screen so you can instantly read through the events of thirteen if you're a horrible person."
,Not Recommended,292140,14585720,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Trusis Bunny,"Framerate issues, audio desync are one of many issues with this port. Also the fact they advertise the game on steam as having ""All DLC"" which if you read the fine print, it doesn't have for what ever legal reasons and that they patched to not fix the game issues, but for game that  people who use 3rd party programs to get said DLC basically blocked.I really liked this game when I pleyed it on the PS3, but I expected it to be a lot better on PC.Fix your game! You make tons of money with FF14:ARR now make these ones better!"
76561197987068826,Recommended,292140,18730478,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Daily Fish Oil,"+ (intentionally) Campy and fun story/characters,+ Unique and dense art design+ Experimental compared to most JRPGs- No meaningful decisionmaking to be made in character building.- No considerable challenge to be had in combat.- Irreconcilable dissonance between silly story and dramatic story.I didn't come close to finishing this game because I wanted to play something more mechanically focused at the time. Even so, I would recommend it to fans of the genre or those who enjoy wacky fashion shows."
76561197970041609,Recommended,292140,13574519,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Abandoned Cause,Loving it so far!
,Recommended,292140,13580049,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SoundBreaker,Best one that they had. It's only sad that English audio is only available to the other areas besides Asia but I don't mind the Jap audio. 9/10
,Recommended,292140,13593128,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Volg Shan,They are learning.
,Recommended,292140,13562941,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,dsn,Seraaaaaaaah
,Recommended,292140,14050576,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Miller Scout,"i'll try be brief on this one....i just finished the game, and it had an amazing soundtrack.sure, it wasn't the best port for pc, i tried play many time, and i gave up...so... i started to play even with 23-35fps. and for me was worth... this is a good game, if you played fxiii, play this onebut if you can't play at 20-40fps then don't buy this, you'll get angrythat's it :P"
76561198030967734,Not Recommended,292140,20987334,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Twoseeeye,Please fix.
76561198262861484,Not Recommended,292140,22188387,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,chris.stevenson.25,"Haven't gotten to play this game much yet, it crashes constantly at random times, after doing some research i've seen that this is an incredibly common issue, I love the ff series, but square is very lazy when it comes to pc ports."
76561198046405325,Not Recommended,292140,16879362,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ezekiel The Dragon,"I love action RPGs with extensive pet systems, I liked this game. But I would like it more without the lagg issues. I must repeat myself I liked this game, but I can't recommend the PC port. Buy it on console and you'll get much greater experience."
76561198112186200,Recommended,292140,14428859,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Poi[ADD NEW ID 257797448],Awesome ;)
,Recommended,292140,19134572,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nicolus,buy this game right now if you wanna see cute girl with bikini
,Not Recommended,292140,20507644,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Kniij,"MAKE THE RAIN STOP!Would've given a Yes, but the FPS problems of this game is a big deal. Once you get to the 2nd area of the game you'llexperience massive FPS drops. And as of the moment there are is no 100% fix for this problem. Shame, FFXIII-2 looked much better in PC but its horrendous FPS makes it not recommendable."
76561198103336126,Not Recommended,292140,32689132,Posted: 23 June,all,Cypher Cage,Don't waste your money even when it's on sale. Optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.
,Not Recommended,292140,32693237,Posted: 23 June,all,Unsoughtpuma36,"Would NOT recommend playing if you run an AMD processor. Low FPS, freezes frequently and long auto saves. The only upside to the game is that the cutsences look pretty which is expected from Square Enix, all the free dlc that was in the console release and some nice songs. Overall its better to get a console version then this pc port. Played though the Xbox 360 version and the FPS run better even if its not at 60 frames."
,Recommended,292140,23393562,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Saitama,"Final Fantasy games is one of my favorite game. :-D I recommend you play this if you like RPG and this game is cheap and have all the dlc. Play FF XIII first before you play this for you to understand the story.Pros-good graphics-many monsters to tame-good story-kawaii and sexy girls ;-)-have all the dlc-beautiful sceneries-cool background musics-many possible endings-collect all fragments to unlock secret endingCons-battle system is boring ._.Fun Fact for my fellow Filipinos :-D-Sa ending ng game na to, yung cg na ang graphics. Yung pagkatapos mo matalo si Caius. Diba may nakanta? Si Charice Pempengco yon. SIkat na singer sa bansa natin :-DSorry for my poor english -.-"
76561198017803240,Not Recommended,292140,19596756,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SolidusDrake,Bad port.
,Recommended,292140,24130332,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,carychow,For Serah & Vanille.The battle is more interesting than FINAL FANTASY XIII.
76561198045467587,Recommended,292140,24102078,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Icon,"In all honesty, An absolutely amazing game.Pro's:- Superb OST's- Incredible villain, Caius is arguably the best villain since Kefka.- Same battle system as 13(it's good)- Monster collecting is good- Cinematic boss battles, boss battle in general are very goodCONS:- Some of the puzzles are genuinely infuriating, Clock puzzles that ♥♥♥♥ing stupid academia puzzle.- Augusta tower battle every 3 ♥♥♥♥ing seconds- Capture rates on rare monsters prior to getting battlemania/monster collector are completely ♥♥♥♥ed and by the time you get battlemania most of the rare monsters are redundantAll in all though, if you're a fan of final fantasy this game is an absolute must play, Caius is an amazing antoganist easily the best since Kefka, Unless you have brain damage the story line is very easy to follow and quite good(not amazing but it's good) The negative reviews of this game are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and most of them are from people with like 1-3 hours lol."
,Recommended,292140,14289326,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Illusion PlayHome,Serah My Love
,Recommended,292140,15543830,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,neonight1986,a fairly good game with great improvents over FF13
76561198163766004,Recommended,292140,15718711,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,bakisha,"Story is average. Leveling system is almoust without any variety (plus it have it's own leveling stats rules hidden from player). Battlesystem is ok in terms of visuals, but i don't like it much personaly (because it's button-masher), Very low replay value because of story and hidden leveling stats.Ok game for that price and even one run can be 50+ hours"
,Recommended,292140,16490722,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nicholas McKenzie,"I beat this on my console; it broke. I'm still playing this gaming semi-regulary. Far more replayability than FFXIII, though I loved that game to. This combat system is more difficult to learn but once you get the hang of it, in many ways, it's far better than what we had in FFIII. My only big complaint is there's not as many main characters and much of your power comes from monsters you capture and train, while following Serah and Nole, the two main characters. Regardless, the story is great, gameplay fun, It's right up there with FF7 in my book. Yeah, I said it. In fact, I'll probably start a new game again once I finish up a couple of achievements."
,Recommended,292140,17152986,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Xantose,"Always a fun game to play. Passes the time very well. Almost maxed out my crystarium. My only issue is that it says it comes with the DLC, but for some reason the DLC menu is completely missing. If anyone can help me on that issue id be great.7/10 would be 10/10 if i could access my DLC"
,Recommended,292140,15632217,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lancer,I was really surprised I ended up liking this game more than XIII. I just thought it was much more fun. The characters were better in XIII but the overall gameplay was more fun. I thought the Crystarium was utilised much better so it didn't take so painstakingly long to fully develop your characters. I liked the soundtrack better and really like Noel as a protagonist and Caius as an antagonist. So much fun to be had in this game. I would HIGHLY recommend to fans of the first game and RPG fans in general~
,Recommended,292140,16988559,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Booker,"I played XIII on a 360 and spent 100 or so hours on it to complete all the achievements, then sold the Xbox. When I saw that they released a sequel, and then a second sequel, I didn't jump to repurchase a console to play it, though I did enjoy the first game in the series.When I saw the Steam release, it didn't take much for me to buy it, as I felt it was placed right in front of me.Things I liked:-Combat system (Fast paced, mostly automatic, paradigm setup was fun)-Music (I could sit AFK in Sunleth Waterscape for hours)-Voice Acting (Improved on quite a bit from previous games in the series)-Deviated from some of the negatives of XIII while maintaining it's style-StoryThings I didn't like:-Few graphics options that didn't include full screen windowed (I run multiple monitors)-Not a lot of control over auto-save"
76561198087883063,Recommended,292140,17116841,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,K_rent,"FFXIII-2 got the changes that people wanted from FFXIII.-Less linear-you can actually spec your characters while leveling them up-change leaders in the middle of a fight which means you no longer lose the fight if the leader dies.-enemies randomly appear rather than already being there-premptive strikes are a lot easier and make more sense-introduced paradigm save slotsThe only major downside was the total nerf of the Synergist role and how you applied buffs.-Haste is no longer a castable spell but rather a bonus for getting a premptive strike, some items also apply it.  They also added aoe buffs which I guess balances it out.-The two main characters do not have any offensive buffs you can only get them from your monsters or their feral links.-removed fortisols-accessories are restricted, each one has a numeral cost.-some of the accesories got absolutely dirt nerfed.Overal I like FFXIII-2 just as much as the first.  It feels more fast paced in both the story and the gameplay.  The only thing you might have some problems with are finding some good monsters to level up in your party, especially early game."
76561198112077966,Recommended,292140,14075398,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,xXSabercatXx,Doesnt get much better than this.
76561198112911484,Recommended,292140,13990359,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DogCannon,It's a really great fun game for anime fans!!!! ;) And Fans of Final Fantasy!!!!! :)
,Not Recommended,292140,33817355,Posted: 26 July,all,Kidmobius,"still hasnt fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing problems, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port"
76561198112800197,Recommended,292140,33680686,Posted: 20 July,all,Josh,"It's a great game but the launcher is buggy, crashes constantly, had the same problem with my old computer, recently got a new one (and better by far), still crashes"
76561198047584884,Recommended,292140,16454676,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,今泉影狼,[7/10] - It's good game. Kupo!!!story 6/10.gameplay 7/10.soundtrack 9/10  .better than FINAL FANTASY XIII.
76561198059516636,Not Recommended,292140,28609448,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Uncrowned King,The fps drops make the game unplayable and don't dream to get 60 fpsone of the worst ports sadly........
,Not Recommended,292140,21650567,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mirk~96猫,"Veby bad optimization, good game."
76561198053795860,Not Recommended,292140,14882257,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Panteleimon,"Gameplay is good. I even opened all achievments and it was a pleasure (regardless of FFXIII), less linear.But a fat minus is... Optimization! It's null! So freaking frame drops. It kills all pluses. My specs meets requirements, but... the game gives me 5-20FPS (!). Even people with High-end PCs got fps drops.Conclusion. FFXIII-2 for PC is the laziest port ever with null optimization, which purpose is to get more money for zero work done! Easy money for SE. To mention, 3 (THREE!) months has passed since game release, and they did NOTHING to improve it!For that reason I wouldn't recommend to buy this game. Do not feed hungry lazy Square Enix. And don't ruin your impression about this good game because of laggs, slowdons, etc."
76561198049650928,Not Recommended,292140,21369797,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The Curious Froggy,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!It is in such a buggy state right now with most players reporting serious problems that square have taken NO TIME AT ALL to address.I cant even manually save my game right now, everytime i do it closes the game without any sort of bug report,This happens no matter what i set the settings to.I do feel the game could be very good fun..... if it ever works."
76561198025258865,Not Recommended,292140,16655991,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Keeyu,"Do not buy it, there are puzzles that can ruin the whole game in minutes !!!"
76561198082170794,Recommended,292140,15036045,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,savioeven,good game !!!Nice chicks!!!
,Recommended,292140,15098169,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ohmygod,Since I'm a Final Fantasy fan... I don't have to say so much.
76561198103220043,Recommended,292140,18406749,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Giantkamel,hi
76561198011975213,Not Recommended,292140,27561810,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Z3R0Dyne,"Somewhat bland.  The story's forced and doesn't make logical sense. It's a grim reminder that ""time travel is really hard to write about *sobs*"" (--Dean Pelton).  The combat system is as monotonous as the first game in the 13 series and I nodded off quite a few times.  The levelling curve was also awkward with several areas consisting of enemies I can barely kill and then all of a sudden every boss encounter I have lasts barely 10 seconds.  There's quite a few boss fights that are just cheesy and have instantkill mechanics.  Aside from those, most of the boss fights are simplistic.  The game essentially doesn't respect the time of the player, makes progression quite vague, and involves a lot of walking back and forth, which may explain why I ended up outlevelling the content.My opinion of this game may be clouded by how good Chrono Trigger was by comparison.  If you take the awful bits of Chrono Cross and cram it into a game, you essentially get FF13-2.Gameplay: 2.5/5Story: 2/5Music: 3/5Fun: 2/5PS:  One thing I really liked was the concept of Paradox Endings.  It's nice to have a game that lets you ""fail"" and see the consequences.  This is somewhat from Chrono Trigger as well but takes a lot less time for the most part to execute."
,Not Recommended,292140,14816083,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Wesley John,Terrible port!
,Recommended,292140,15874851,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[TVM]Miss Chloe,Game runs fine. Then randomly crashes. :/ No overlay in Full Screen. :/ Someone help?
,Recommended,292140,20033907,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,QUIT GAMING LE,Runs great on MacBook Pro Late 2013 (:
,Recommended,292140,22805569,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Pruu,hmmm.. to much wow
76561197961892142,Recommended,292140,16105243,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/solidOz,"This game is amazing, I'd highly recommend the game if you like RPG's. Squre should release FF10, etc. on PC aswel, this was an awesome experience.I didn't want to buy it for my PS3 back when it was released since I didn't like XIII, but this one was a good surprise. Amazing game, play it, you are missing out if you don't!"
76561198054238267,Not Recommended,292140,17698708,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Codebreaker78,"I really loved playing this game when it came out on xbox 360. When i saw it go on sale, it made me really excited to play this game.When i actually started to play this game, i was really disappointed. The port for this game is absolutely horrid. The game crashes at random times,which makes the game unplayable. After 3 hours of gameplay i only got to the second time period and didnt even finish it because of the game crashing and me having to restart from where i last saved.The framrate is not too bad ,but can definelty be better than 59 cap. This game would be amazing to play if square enix actually cared about this port and fixed these problems. I do not recomend buying this until they fix the port."
,Not Recommended,292140,24285702,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,gaetanzheng999,"Crash Crash Crash ! Worst controller's support that i ever tried ! Don't buy it , a waist of money and time to try fix it ! Really disappointed with SE for this port , it's a shame because it 'a really good jrpg"
,Recommended,292140,20738027,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lux Noctis,Steins; gatePokemon15 ~ 20 fps . great!
,Recommended,292140,20675680,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SuperSpud,This is a review.... It's a game.... I like eggs. -Fin-
,Not Recommended,292140,20973962,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gunslinger9371,"game has crashed almost a dozen times in the hour i have logged on it, i have tried everything i can find to fix it to no avail and now i can't even get a refund on it, i don't blame steam i blame square for this one, years after release and this is still in a sorry state, only game i have seen that has a worse port than DS1."
,Not Recommended,292140,20244957,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cburg,"I ignored the warnings and bought this game. Everyone is right, it's a horrible port rife with problems:- It has problems with sound, so 9 times out of 10 it loads with this horribly loud buzzing that doesn't stop.- It has problems recognizing controllers.- It has really weird FPS issues right out the gate.I'd love to comment on the gameplay, but it's utterly unplayable for me when the first game worked great."
76561198262225562,Not Recommended,292140,20093525,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,heavyargo,so mutch lag i only have a fps of around 5 makes the game uninjoyable to play. better off playing it on a xbox or playstation. reading online i find out lots of players have this problem. this is kinda sad seeing this game has bean some time on steam meaning square enix has had time to fix this but has chosen to compleatly ignor this problem
76561198139056625,Not Recommended,292140,20932357,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,d3sign3r,"Due to constant crashes, I tried mutiple computers, multiple installs, hours of reading forums trying to increase stability, in the end I gave up. Waste of money for me."
41694139143841384,Recommended,292140,14734469,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Alfred Jodocus Kwak,"tl;drProsdecently sized area maps with attention to detailsgood amount of fun side questssoothing atmosphere, accompanied by a great soundtrackbeautiful artstyleaddictive gameplay with monster collecting and fusingthe characters weren't nearly as annoying as I expected them to be (I actually kind of liked them)Consbad port; lots of technical issuesthe story makes no sense whatsoever; the characters just make a lot of stuff up and you're supposed to believe themrandom encounter rate is too high; your characters are continuously overleveled for the main storyannoying/ time consuming achievementsFirst, let me tell you one thing:I bought and went into this game expecting an exeptionally bad piece of software. What I got exceeded my expectations by a long margin. This game is - believe it or not -not that bad.But first things first.The Story.It is terrible. Just plain awful. Even if you thought the story of the first Final Fantasy XIII was fine and never left any questions unanswered, XIII-2's story will most likely go over your head. I have to admit, it lost me very early on. Itkind ofmakes sense in the end, but then again...not really. Don't try to wrap your head around it.It's not even the fact that it is about time travel, which in itself has always been one of the most confusing topics in movies and video games, no, it's just that the story writer went and took a rather simple concept and filled it with lots and lots of 'technobabbles' and weird pseudo-scientific assumptions to make it sound more complex than it actually is.Some of the dialogues in this game reminded me of what it feels like to watch an episode of Star Trek.Half the time they don't make any sense. Other times the characters just blurt out seemingly random thoughts and assertions, which we are - apparently - supposed to take for granted. More often than not they just make up the rules as they go along.It starts with lines like :""We changed the future, which altered the past (sic). How is that even possible?""To which to theobviousanswer is:""With Paradoxes, anything is possible!""(You'll hear the ""a wizardparadoxes did it"" bit a lot.)Or how about this one from the casino:""Like people, slot machines have moods. Talk to the attendend to find out how the slot machine isfeelingtoday.""Just.....go with it. There is only one real way to play this game in my opinion. Turn your brain off, don't think too much about what's happening, take in the atmosphere and relax whilst listening to the phenomenally good soundtrack.Which leads me to the next bullet point.Game World and Atmosphere.If you compare it directly to Final Fantasy XIII, then this game is undoubtedly much more open. Every map has lots of secret (and sometimes invisible) stuff to discover in every corner. And I personally just love the attention to detail everywhere, like when your character's foot step noise dynamically changes depending on the surface he's walking on, including small puddles on the pavement, or when you use your weird 'Moogle Magic' and every NPC in the vicinity gathers around in curiousity. The world generally feels alive and is really atmospheric.My only gripe is the way they handled invisible level bounderies. It is kind of immersion breaking when your characters can jump up towering trees that are dozens of meters high, but at the same time the knee high rubble in another area proves to be an insurmountable obstacle and you need to ""find a way around it"".Some of the aforementioned items you can find allow you to unlock more and more areas and side quests. Speaking of side quests though, the area selection hub does - in my opinion - a poor job in distinguishing the main story line from side quests. With how often I traveled back and forth between different time lines and areas I wasn't always quite sure if I was doing a mandatory or an optional quest. And in some cases a quest is even optional in the beginning, up until the game tells you that it is now mandatory for the story progression, and you realize you already did all that 6 hours ago. Oh well.The missions itself feature a good variety of objectives. Nothingtooout of the ordinary, but they usually require specific actions in specific locations and times to change something along the time line. It never felt like i was doing boring chores.Now let's get to my favorite part of the game.GameplayAside from walking around and talking to NPCs, the field gameplay features small 'puzzles' every now and then. Most of them are insultingly easy, though. Some of them are plain annoying.Now, the battle system is largely the same as XIII's. However, it has one neat little addition. You can now recruite Pokémon to fight at your site.I have to admit, I'm a sucker for the Shin Megami Tensei series and its demon recruiting and fusion mechanic. And Final Fantasy XIII-2's system is kind of similar to this.Whenever you kill a monster there is a chance to 'capture' it. You now have your very own lvl. 1 version of this monster with basic abilities, which you can either keep leveling up with specific monster materials (random drops, loot; can be bought later) or you decide to infuse it, in order to pass some of its abilities on to a stronger monster. This way you can spend dozens of hours trying to create unique and powerful allies.Unfortunately, as much as you can customize your monsters, the same thing does not apply to your main characters. Their level progression is much more set in stone. Both of them have obvious roles they excell at. Like, Serah is a much better Ravager than Noel, while Noel is the better Synergist and so on, so you obviously want to focus on these first.Additionally, the very high encounter rate lets you accumulate way too many CP (exp) too quickly, leading to overleveled characters, who steamroll every story boss in a matter of seconds (both main characters even stopped learning new abilities about 30% and were completely maxed out a little over halfway through the game).Speaking of encounters in this game, they technically aren't random encounters, as they appear on the map in front of you and you could theoretically avoid them. This is easier said than done, however, as many of the enemies move significantly faster than you and hit you before you can escape.One thing I did like about the encounters, though, was how in some locations there is a rare chance to spawn significantly stronger monsters than usual. Sort of like optional bosses who randomly appear in certain regions.And don't worry, even if you manage to die at any point, you will never lose anything. You have the option to retry any battle at any time and the game generally autosaves left and right.The autosave feature also reminds me of my final bullet point.Technical IssuesLets get this straight. The PC version of Final Fantasy XIII-2 is one of the worse console ports out there. Thus, it can and will randomly crash during loading screens.FORTUNATELYit autosaves everytime you enter or exit an area. So, I never lost any progress, personally.Another problem is the awful frame rate. Currently there is no surefire way to fix the frame rate stuttering, everyone has. Forcing V-Sync and triple buffering and disabling the weird 'maximized windowed mode' (yes, the game runs in windowed mode, even if you choose the full screen option in the launcher) made it somewhat bearable for me. Some of the more populated areas will most likely always cause problems, though.If they ever manage to fix these issues, this whole point becomes moot.  But until this happens, the game may or may not give you a headache due to its unstable framerate."
76561198105302643,Not Recommended,292140,17121835,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,KelKel,"i just bought this game, starting 5 mins is alright. after tt it become laggy and always crash, can u tell me y??"
,Recommended,292140,16357612,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,er-EZ,Love Final Fantasy Always !
,Recommended,292140,16372793,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BMSS,"I reviewed the previous title with a positive result but a list of negative aspects that make it a good but not great game, and this one would come only a little behind. Despite very mixed reviews, I find the combat system (essentially carried over from FF XIII) is still challenging and fun, and the new twist with ""capturable/trainable"" monsters was interesting and fresh. Like the previous title, however, the storyline is still bland and the characters too formulaic to be likable. The Steam version also comes with all the DLC from the console version, however it's only unlocked after the main story ends, so while it looked pretty interesting I just couldn't bring myself to complete it. After 60+ hours spent on the storyline, I couldn't muster the courage to keep playing."
76561198131233208,Not Recommended,292140,17520206,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ly3451853,This game is very boring. One cut scene after another. I watched it more than interacted with it. Didn't like it at all. You fight al ittle bit. Answer multiple choice questions. Then watch a short movie. Yawn.
76561198111050817,Recommended,292140,13382734,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Thanatos,good game ever
,Recommended,292140,30482597,Posted: 12 March,all,Aionis,"Combat is improved with a pokemon aspect to the game. I love making a full on chocobo squad. The story is not nearly as good as the first one... Feels fan fiction. Luckily the combat is so good you don't really notice. Sarah I don't like at all and Noel is basically sora from kingdom hearts, well, least the look of him is.Basically if you enjoyed 13s combat you'll love this one. Just don't think to much about the story or you'll start to smell bacon."
,Recommended,292140,14482401,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,dabelyu,Buy this game on discount.Pros:- Good soundtrack- Mog is useful.- Good leveling progression- Great storyCons:- Only 2 human playable character in the story- Monster that we caught isn't that badass- Battle? I can't enjoy the animation because I have to shift paradigm and choose ability
,Recommended,292140,15475908,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,JegalJiggle,It welcomes you back to the RPG times
,Recommended,292140,21730833,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Van Geaux,"I confess that I won't be playing this if not for Lighning Return. But still, other than FPS problem and <I-don't-know-what-kind-of-word-would-fit-here> ending, this was an interesting ride. Sliiiiiiighly better than XIII"
,Recommended,292140,16462332,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LannisterCrimson,Threw my Moogle so he could open floating balls.Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥7/10
,Recommended,292140,14272421,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,-[FF]-,"After Final fantasy 13, this ending was very bad but still fun. This game is a second game of Final Fantasy 13. And im hoping the 3rd game of Final Fantasy 13 will come out on steam"
76561198030757292,Not Recommended,292140,29155043,Posted: 9 January,all,jackbelt67,I would have loved to play this game had it not been for the blearing  background music. I've never played a game where the background music was that loud. How the game got released this way I'll never understand. So with only a few minutes of playtime I had to refund the game. I'm willing to bet I'm not the only one.
,Not Recommended,292140,18271137,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Phoenix,"An amazing game to bad i cannot play past this point due to consietent amount of crash after crash even some time a freeze with the music still playing.... Ive done some looking into it, it seems if you have windows 10 you will most likely have alot of lag. memory leaks, an just flat out crash after crash... when i bought the game it ran amazing the very next day when game time rolled around it was a hit in the face an hours of looking for solutions. all in all nothing worked to fix that crashing..."
,Recommended,292140,18289831,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Coco,"It's imperative you do research before purchasing this game, unfortunately. Look on the Steam forums for potential hardware issues (AMD CPU/GPU owners especially) and only decide after reading around. Depending on your rig, this game either works fine or with a tonne of issues (if at all). Sadly, I am in the latter group.However, the game itself is really enjoyable. I originally played it on the PlayStation 3 so I have prior and relevent experience with it.It is a relatively easy game as far as Final Fantasy titles go - even moreso if you're a well-seasoned RPGer and spend a lot of time exp grinding / farming. Aside from the main content of the story, there are quite a few additional things you can amuse yourselves with: chocobo racing, completing the monster log, slot machines, additional areas to explore, min-maxing pets and of course, the PC version comes with all of the DLC included.The environments are varied and interesting, full of colour and detail. In addition to the main characters, you're able to capture and train a pet for the third party slot. They will fulfil a specific role (Medic, Saboteur, Ravager etc.) and you can build paradigm sets to suit your play style.FFXIII-2 is designed with casual play in mind, I believe. There's a catch-up cutscene every time you load a previously-saved game, to remind you of your progress in the main story missions. This game also has, in my opinion, one of the best Final Fantasy soundtracks in recent years.Worth a try, certainly.If you can get it working properly."
76561197970525021,Not Recommended,292140,14086699,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,あらた,"Nowhere near as good as the first Final Fantasy XIII.It's really that simple. It's not the worst game you'll play, but the story is just flat out boring (while somehow also being confusing) and the art design lazy.While the game may look great on a technical level, the world around you looks like re-used areas from Final Fantasy X, but smaller and with less life.The battle system is good, with it basically being the same as Final Fantasy XIII. However, it has the added annoyance of you running around trying to actually hit enemies before a battle in tight spaces. This ends with you attacking the air for 15 seconds before battle as you try to hit your enemy.If you play it, you won't hate it, but I can't imagine many people finishing it unless they simply have nothing else to do.It's a real shame that we can't buy this game on PC, though. We have to make do with renting it from steam."
76561198069409428,Recommended,292140,31282549,Posted: 21 April,all,Ponyo96,"i really dont understand why there are so many bad reviews for this game, i think the game is very good.great storyline, fun gameplay andi t doesnt crach to me"
76561198353248825,Not Recommended,292140,33485025,Posted: 12 July,all,The Fallen_Ciel,"Honestly, this game wasn't bad, but the storyline was hard to follow. I can see why this game has mixed reviews. Final Fantasy XIII-2 improved on a lot of things that people didn't like about Final Fantasy XIII. Final Fantasy XIII-2 went for a more open-world experience, while XIII was very linear. I've played all three games in the Final Fantasy XIII games, and this one has to be my least favourite. As I said before, this games storyline was super hard to follow. Sometimes, I just didn't even know what or why I was doing the things I was doing. I guess it's just best to follow without knowing what's going on. I haven't finished this game, and don't plan on finishing it. This game is dissapointing compared to Final Fantasy XIII and Lightning Returns. I've given up on this game, and don't plan on playing it anymore."
76561198212575613,Recommended,292140,33207266,Posted: 3 July,all,NightOwl,Awesome Game !!!
,Recommended,292140,30254977,Posted: 28 February,all,.hazu,Waifu 4 laifu.
,Recommended,292140,32148600,Posted: 3 June,all,PapaJack,best one ever!
76561198085784327,Recommended,292140,33633702,Posted: 18 July,all,Laganja Estranja,"Determined as hell to finish this game, it's awesome.HOWEVER!!!! IT CRASHES WAAAAY TOO MUCHIF YOU GET THIS GAME, PLEASE, SAVE OFTEN, NEVER FORGET TO SAVE"
76561198031977468,Not Recommended,292140,16571171,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Join or Die,the cenematic alone made me buy this game (and i regret it). but unless you're a FF fan already you wont like this game. wouldnt recommend for the FPS style players.
,Recommended,292140,24366608,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TylerTheTotodile,"Its better than ff7. if only it wasnt a crap port. it takes the one decent thing from the first game, the battle system and improved uponed it and made it a final fantasy game and not a hallway simulator. it still has alot to learn from ff 10-2 and all the bravest.9/11 stupid shader settings, not enough Tidus Strife"
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,292140,15107973,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mordeth Kai,"No volume controls.Horrible frame rate on even top end pc's because of poor optimization. The supposed patch did nothing to fix the problem.In many ways this port was lazy, a blatant grab for cash with no responsibility towards the customer.Biggest problem I have is the inability to hear dialogue over the blaring music. In a story driven game, that's pretty important.Edit: In the guides section for this game are a couple guides that will help frame rate issues. It won't eliminate them entirely, but the improvement is pretty significant. Downvote remains as the game is poorly optimized, the fix is to set up your card to match the game, which means the game won't take advantage of high end features and improvements."
,Recommended,292140,14525651,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,R3HAB,Extra boobs for sera please. this game surely addict for JRPG fans.a little bit lacks in keyboard layout. seems this port not fully support pc
,Recommended,292140,27836103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ChaPv1,nice grafic....good game ...i like tis game ....
,Not Recommended,292140,19640582,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,AgreedSA,"I tried to like this game because I loved FFs 4-7 like nearly every other '90s nerd kid who got an SNES earlier that decadebut it sucks, god it's awful. It's just, so bad. This game is bad. Nobody matters. Nothing matters. There is never anything compelling about any of these people. Their hair looks like a fever dream involving Dokken and Poison. No more bad FFs, squaresoft. I'm not getting the third one, this is turd number two in a three turd trilogy I reckon.This is CGI quality gaudy floral wallpaper. It is boring and overdone to such a degree that the thing becomes an offense, so much of a waste of time of clearly-talented people, but to what end? They get talent and THIS is what happens? Artists unable to resist adding yet another strand of impossibly boyant purple hair...So glad somebody else is in charge of FFXV, maybe it'll have a chance.On top of the actual game itself being just miserable and stupid, this is also a very bad port and despite having a PC that makes Geralt look like he's about to kill a monster standing behind me in my room, the performance of this PS3-quality game is pretty bad. Lots of framerate drops, and even some crashes to sprinkle in there. There are no ""Advanced"" options for PC, either, it's just the most bare-bones effort - they didn't care about this port's quality any more than they cared about making a good game, I guess?"
76561198262724972,Not Recommended,292140,21651987,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Luceid_Gajokai,"I can't even tollerate the first mission (post-prologue); the combat system is unreasonably complicated and the game isn't properly syncing with my controller (ie: buttons keep changing and never match up the way they're supposed to). Might be a decent game on the PS3 but not worth it on Steam/PC, i feel completely ripped off!"
,Not Recommended,292140,21654690,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Osker,"Unfortunately, as much as i liked the game on the PS3, this port is terrible. massive framerate drops in both cinematics and battles. The game crashes after the second battle (after catching Noel) no matter what settings used. This is also the first game I have seen that even crashes steam when it gives in!"
,Recommended,292140,30906469,Posted: 2 April,all,tyree89733,"Goog game good Port for S-E just play the game in 1920x1080p, 4xAA, and 2048 shadow and you'll be fine. I almost had a heart attack playing in 4K full Graphics because of the Crash and i just upgraded to a GTX 1070FE"
,Recommended,292140,30846173,Posted: 30 March,all,Rich,"Despite poor reception, good performance and polished. Need more Lightning."
76561197987071663,Recommended,292140,13323766,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kanesaref,alot better yay me
,Recommended,292140,18878746,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,XXXTention Lead,Nice Game ... Kappa :)
,Recommended,292140,18850878,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ŢhĒ ĽãŠť ĐŖãĢŌŃ,HOLY MACARONNI! ...who new this is an awsome game ..once you get the mechanics down ..wow! good s**t. :)
,Recommended,292140,18831249,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,XiaoWeiXiao,Game is great... Just a very poor port...worse than its predecessor (FFXIII). Even a high end PC will have moments were it struggles.
76561198016652549,Not Recommended,292140,16701586,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,2%-Milk,Decent game had fun playing it but the music was terrible. Some of the tunes were okay but most just made my ears bleed. The lack of OPTIONS FOR SOUND MADE THIS A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. MUTE THE WHOLE GAME SOUND. So i just ended up playing the ff7 sound track in the background. That made me just want to play ff7. Im looking forwards to the ff7 remake.
76561198043522334,Not Recommended,292140,34841975,Posted: 9 September,all,Tops,A really bad port of an okay game.While it looks better than the PS3/360 version (Only Slightly) it runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292140,34867359,Posted: 10 September,all,I'll carry you Senpai! (´◕ω◕`),Abysmal port unstable framerates are very noticeable very few graphical options.
76561198334759464,Recommended,292140,35215283,Posted: 25 September,all,prezba29,Ok if you like the FF style of fighting.
,Recommended,292140,26759358,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"Played on Playstation, not bad, same issues with FFXIII tho ok story, hope needed to die, Best combat system out of any Final Fantasy to date. Only trhing that ruins this game really is the stupid backwards & forwards crap go a stage & have to go back multipul times to progess to another part then back to another part you already did..... So stupid,PC version has skipping video & audio issues."
,Recommended,292140,15119225,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,gavweb123,this games is good ill admit i didnt expect to enjoy it but i personally think this game could of been better. if only the game would allow you to have more people in the party but other than that this game is quite solid.personal rating 8/10
76561198243284736,Not Recommended,292140,22496937,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Jeneveve,"The porting of this game is absolute bullocks. Even if you ran the first game well, this game will probably run horribly afterwards. Now, as a fan of the characters, storyline and gameplay (though I prefer to control the attacks more, but hey) it pains me to say this, but really, don't get FFXIII-2 for the PC. You might be lucky and it works, and if that's the case then I tip my hat to you in congratulations, but most people would agree with me. Personally, I took a dive of faith and bought the game despite all the reviews thinking 'The first ran pretty well, this one can't be that different, right?' Yeah, no, I was wrong. Listen to the reviews, is all I can advise.I ended up quitting trying and moved straight to LR."
,Recommended,292140,23928032,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"What a game, the negative / mixed review is BS. This game may have flaws, but the story itself is outstanding. The ones that are confused needs to think about the events that happened for 5 minutes to understand. I enjoy the time traveling aspect, but sad that i can only have 2 playable characters with monsters...(pokemon?). Still fun to play, and has replayablilty. 9/10..20never get to go above 30 fps..sad sad."
,Recommended,292140,23946870,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mutilationist,"Too much lvl grinding involved, but still good"
,Recommended,292140,19144611,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Terra,<3
,Not Recommended,292140,32311923,Posted: 10 June,all,LilMac,"Don't buy it, please, imo this is a really good game... on ps3 or xbox. On PC all it is is crash after crash."
,Recommended,292140,28613368,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"Captain ""Snow Fox""",I like this game. Not bad overall a good game
,Recommended,292140,28600155,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PrimadonnaWh0re,"The first time I played this game I was about 13 and I sucked. I was terrible at video games in overall tbh. Now I'm 18 and this is one of my favorite games at the moment. I was mostly drawn by it due to the graphics, yes, but the story is also interesting. One thing that I despise about this game is ""solving the anomaly"", especially the clocks. It's frustrating and useless. It's a good thing there aren't that much. The OST is beautiful, really important when you have to travel long distance in a world or fighting a boss that takes a long time to defeat."
,Recommended,292140,19171896,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Heyi,"This game improves the gameplay from the original FFXIII but it doesn't improves in many other aspects. Now you can control wild monsters to fight along side you. I didn't like the backtracking, there's a part in the game that you must collect graviton cores and for that you must do sidequestss to collect fragments to open the right gates to then collect the graviton cores needed, that means some sidequests must be done to progress the main story. The story is great and the soundtrack is even better. The port for the PC however is very bad, no graphical options, just 2 resolutions, no sound options, capped at 30 fps, etc. So, I played the game with 15fps till the end.Score: 8/10."
76561197997800499,Not Recommended,292140,13354794,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,dharmaturtle,"i5-4670k @ 4.7ghzGTX 980Holy Frame Drops, Batman."
,Recommended,292140,13319865,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Final Fantasy XIII-2 is a decent/good JRPG, but a subpar Final Fantasy game.  It continues to tow the line of deviation from what made the core series so great, interesting backstories and adventuring prospects and an overall cohesive main story.  Despite this it is still a better game than FFXIII, and its two main characters actually have significant character development (relative to FFXIII at least). This game although graphically stunning is lacking substance, and albeit improving on some of the linearity of FFXIII it is still not of the same caliber of  other Final Fantasy games and is a forgettable experience. That being said with the exception of some of the developments in FFXIII- Lightning returns aka. 3, much of this game can retroactively be ignored (FFXIII-Lightning returns is arguably the strongest installment in the trilogy, both gameplay and story wise). The story in this game is disjointed so much that playing Metal Gear Solid 4 before any of the others will logically make more sense than some of the components of this game.Gameplay wise, its minimalist approach isn't all bad. You have two main playable characters, Serah and Noel and an captured monster that assists as a third member. The combat as a result offers more complexity than FFXIII-2 albeit still is rudimentary. The exploration involves a variety of areas, not bound by the linear connections that FFXIII's were, and as such you get more opportunities to adventure. You will have an enjoyable experience facing off against the classic assortment of FF foes and a few unique new ones. It should be noted, as stated prior that much of the cast of the previous game is not playable, and Lightning, whom I'd consider as the saving grace in FFXIII has behind the scenes role in this game, despite much of the plot relating to her. Overall the gameplay is worth picking this game up for alone, if you can tolerate the subpar storytelling and disjointed story.I can't recommend this as a Final Fantasy game, but I can recommend it as a JRPG, at its core its still an enjoyable experience that you will find investing many hours in as you continue your adventure in the FFXIII universe."
,Not Recommended,292140,13373596,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Toshiko,"I admit that I wasn't warm to the concept of XIII-2 the first time around, and it never won me over in the end. Curiosity got the best of me, and here I find myself, playing a game I never expected to like, and never got into when I tried.The Crystarium is improved from XIII by allowing the grind-happy players to grind to their heart's content and fully develop their characters as soon as the option becomes available; no story-locked stat progression. However... It must be said that my least favorite mechanic of any RPG is the concept of random battles. I find them tedious, annoying, repetitive, and grounds to legally assault whoever decided they were worth including in the gameplay mechanic. When you can just be walking along and some random winged and clawed thing sprouts out of the ground like hopped up kudzu right in front of you with no explanation, and this is a common occurance at the rate of less than 30 seconds per incident, something is UNSPEAKABLY WRONG with your game. The only worse gameplay offense I can specifically name is QTEs, and this game has those, too. A less observant onlooker would assume I have Tourette's.The story is marginally less embarrassing than Final Fantasy X-2's, though no less thoughtless. You can talk all you like about VIII being the entry in the series that discovered recreational uses for household cleaners, but this story is the one that should have warranted an intervention. The only reason I'm happy that it didn't is because I did find enjoyment in Lightning Returns, which I will undoubtedly purchase as soon as it appears on the market, with a very small amount of self-loathing. This series is my guilty pleasure, though this game in particular is the one I will look you in the eye and say, ""I swear, this isn't mine; I don't know how it got here"".If you use the (all but necessary) community fixes, this is far and away a superior version than the console releases, but I can't recommend it to anyone who didn't already like the console releases. And if you did like the console releases... I am so sorry. Please, pick up Lost Odyssey.TL;DR - This is the best release of a hateful game, but only if you use the community fixes. I'd just rather be playing Lightning Returns."
,Recommended,292140,13319705,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Athener,"*THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON EARLY GAMEPLAY*Story-Overall still great, same as the previous version-The FPS on the exploration and unrendered cutscenes drops sharply, mostly the sound came way faster before the character's mouth model moves :( .(I used the minimum setting for Shadow Resolution and Anti Aliasing, My Resolution is 1366 x 768BattleSuprisingly, the FPS runs smoothly in the battle, and the battle style is same old paradigms.The weird thing is some enemy from the previous version returns with significantly different HP (NVM this not too important).Graphic and Music is decent, slightly better than the previous version.Overall, the problem is only the FPS, I'm waiting for SE to fix this, if you can stand lags, it's great, but if you don't, better wait for a patch.7.5/10"
,Recommended,292140,13326821,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"Being that this game has technically been out for over 3 years, I will mostly write about the quality of the port. I have an Nvidia Geforce GTX 980 and an Intel I7 4770k with 16 GB system RAM. The game works just fine for me, however, when I try to play the game at 1080p, I find that the FPS is highly unstable. It goes anywhere from 20-60 FPS, depending on what is going on. Prerendered cutscene: 30 FPS (although the video itself was only rendered at 30 FPS anyway). In-engine cutscene: 60 FPS. Menu: 40-60 FPS. Running around: 20-60 (again, it depends on what is going on).Now, that being said, I have tweaked with the settings and I have found something that works for me:-Resolution: 1600x900-Fullscreen-Shadow Resolution: 2k-AA: 8xWith this setup I was able to play the game at a much more stable 40-60 FPS, depending on the situation. I will also note that I am using a device to measure the amount of wattage that my computer uses and I noticed that it uses almost the same amount of power as it does when I idle on the desktop. This isn't a problem for me, however I will say that it is not pushing my system to it's limits, as is normal for console ports these days."
76561198131650982,Recommended,292140,13321093,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Electro Vampyre,Love it just like i did on ps3 and xbox 360.  Cant wait for Lightning Returns next Glad i pre order but wish the N7 armor outfits for serah and noel were included.  I hope it will be a future dlc :D  looks great as well :D
,Not Recommended,292140,13506101,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,rice,"Very weak port. It's obvious that Square Enix didn't learn from the XIII port, and this one displays very poor performance even on across the board low settings.Being a user of a fairly high-end computer, I'm infuriated that this game does not meet the expectations I was hoping for.Until a patch of some kind is given to allow the performance that this game deserves, I simply can't recommend spending your money on this game as of now."
76561198090749780,Not Recommended,292140,17409454,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Matron Malice,"I would like to write a review about the game play for this port but alas, I cannot due to the horrible lag. I have tried adjusting settings ad nauseum to no avail.I hope Square releases a patch as I love this game and would love to play it again.Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,292140,13417631,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,jliencres,"Incredible choppy framerates, would wait to buy until fixed"
76561198026760105,Not Recommended,292140,13396128,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,CHROMLORD,"So… The ♥♥♥♥ed it up again.I run a machine that can handle dragon age inquisition with ultra-settings and games like that, but Final Fantasy 13-2 a game that was original on the PS3 drops down to about 20 fps in game while looking nothing like the PS3 version.That’s one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port.Then for me as Window Mode fan I have to say that it’s a real shame that you can only choose 720p or 1080p as resolution…The game itself is good but the port is ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,292140,13432574,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"There seems to be a lot of hate for this game stemming from largely unimportant technical issues versus actual game quality, so let me give my two cents as an avid gamer with a very diverse array of games and technical knowledge.Let me start off by saying that this is a console to pc port.  While this game, as all games are, have been developed on a pc, it was developed, originally, for an entirely different type of hardware, so you can't just take your pc dev source and throw that on a computer and call it a day.  While there are some technical issues, they are largely minor and unnoticeable with a few exceptions.  I'll cover all of that in detail below.Gameplay:This game uses a similar combat system to its predecessor, FFXIII, in that rather than micromanaging every move of your team, they learn from their combat experience and adjust their fighting on their own, you simply tell them what role to fill in the party by changing your party paradigms.  While this means a whole lot less button pushing and decision-making as far as battles go, it makes for a more casual gameplay experience and allows battles to be conducted in real-time.  For those of you that still want the final say in what is done how and where to what, you can select the abilities individually through the combat menus.  I don't suggest doing this on boss fights, as a note.The game is split between exploring maps, battling monsters, and dialogue.  As far as the story goes, they have a lot of interesting bits.  There IS a solid story to be told and you are fed it through a myriad of time-jumps and side quests.  You could, of course, straightline the story and be done with the game in a few hours, but you'd be missing out on a lot of the depth of the story and information.  Take the time to explore the world, do the side quests, and you will be rewarded for the experience with a rich plot that is severely downplayed in reviews.  Once Serah grows a spine and takes up sword and bow for her sister's sake, she's a certifiable badass, and, something new from the previous game, you actually have a say in the stories, deciding what she says or asks at critical points to affect the information and reactions of the npcs.The party mechanics are pretty different now.  Serah and Noel are your only real party members and you can swap between which of them leads freely.  The third party slot is filled by tamed monsters, each which has a specific role and can be evolved along the crystarium at the cost of item drops.  This mechanic is a bit odd, but not unwelcomed.  There's a lot to be said for a Behemoth mowing down your enemies along side the mains.  There are some battles where the characters from the first game assist, such as a battle alongside Snow fairly early on, but I wish there would have been some of that for some of the newer npcs, like Alyssa, who you run into repeatedly and even voices an interest in the party's actions and time travel.Controls:Don't use mouse and keyboard.  Sure, they work, and they will get you through some stuff, but they are a bit awkward and clunky.  The convenience of a controller is that all the controls for the game are easily accessible and don't require reaching across your keyboard and hitting the wrong button during a crucial moment, or simply losing track of where your fingers are on the keyboard.  I am very accustomed to keyboard/mouse controls....get a controller.  It will make your life easier and many games benefit from the ease of access of the buttons you need in your hand.Audio:I applaud Squeenix for this whole-heartedly.  For those of you who like the english voice cast (which they did do an amazing job of casting, I might add), the game offers the usual English release as seen on the consoles.  For those of you who prefer to hear the original voices, you can choose the original voice track from the Japanese version of the game.  If you know Japanese, you'll here some inconsistencies between the dialogue and the subtitles that are curious, but for the most part, both are solid and you won't miss anything one way or the other.The music for this game is very easy to listen to.  Though the battle theme is repetitive and a bit obnoxious at times, especially as frequently as you end up in battles, the rest of the soundtrack during exploration is beautiful and well done.  Rather than simply extending the soundtrack a little from the previous game, there are only a few familiar songs from XIII, and most of the music for XIII-2 is new.  Nice vocals sung in English (for the most part) help add to the story as the songs are actually relevant to the plot in their weirdly Engrish way.  I wish the soundtrack was available for this on Steam as well.Graphics:Here's the bit where things get dicey.  The game is fantastically beautiful and well-worth exploring.  That said, the game's requirements are fairly punishing on most middleweight/moderate systems.  The game runs beautifully on my desktop (3.4ghz AMD Quad-Core, 16gb RAM, Crossfired 6870s), with no measurable issues.  All those people complaining about frame rates dropping to unplayable levels are either experiencing hardware incompatibility issues or other OS-related issues (such as background processes, viruses and malware, or everyone's friend, System Idle Process) ...or are simply first-worlders with no real concept of what unplayable is and are just whining for attention and because things aren't perfect for them.  Nothing is going to be perfect and this title is no exception to that rule.  It IS playable.My laptop struggles a bit more with the game, on the other hand, but the issues are so minor that I still have no real unplayable moments.  The game engine is built with an internal frame-skipping mechanic that mitigates lower end systems, something I don't think many people have noticed.  While the game may not be running 30frames per second, it does it's best to keep it as close to 23 as it can.  I have no complaints with this.  Even when the count drops below this, the game is still playing smoothly thanks to the frame skipping with only a little bit of lag during the visually stunning spells, like Thundaga and Ruinga.  It's running a 3.2ghz AMD Quad-Core, 8gb RAM, and HD6650 video card.In Conclusion:This game is worth the money.  At $20, its not like Squeenix is trying to milk a new market, plus we get most of the DLC at no additional cost.  The only thing that they could have thrown in to make it a better deal would have been the soundtrack.  Sure, the game may occasionally drop in performance a little bit at times, but it's never bad enough that the game can't be played and the gameplay experience is not bad.  I'm playing Final Fantasy on my computer and I'm very happy for the experience.As a side note, I do own both games on consoles, so I am aware of how they play there.  I can't pack up my console and take it on a roadtrip like I can do with my laptop, however, and as often as I'm on the road or in a position that I CAN'T play my consoles, this is a nice and welcome option."
,Recommended,292140,13320041,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,F'rynn,The Good :- Graphics options- Better battle system- Free DLCs :DThe Bad :- FPS Issues as expected ._. [ from about 20-60Fps ]- No English Voice over for the Asia Version*Not a full review bdw*
,Not Recommended,292140,16861140,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kaathimeas,"Within the first 15 minutes of gameplay, my game crashed 7 times. I tried turning off cloud sync, overlay, MSI afterburner, recording software, anti-virus, lowered resolution.  AFter the last crash it deleted my save game. I would just love for this to happen 20 hours in. Terrible port, as per Japanese Developer."
76561198067444216,Not Recommended,292140,13538755,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,cphadley1,Game runs horrible on my system. Choppy cutscenes and crashes constantly. For a 4790K with 16GB DDR3 and a 780 Ti this is pretty pathetic for 1920 x 1080. Definitely needs patched before even being playable.
,Not Recommended,292140,13553153,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,cpyap,Crash very often along with Steam. Saw numerous complain on the discussion board but no fix just yet. The most recent update did nothing to fix this but rather fixing something least important. Would not recommend until such bug is fixed.
76561198118879431,Not Recommended,292140,16762859,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MrSwag,"Worst FF for PC yet. The FPS drops all the time. There is no opsion in settings to turn the sound down. Fighting is really bad. The plot is super boring. If you want a FF for PC, rather get a emulator. This game is really bad and not worth a cent of your money."
76561198038157728,Not Recommended,292140,13361722,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,johncheese,"I couldn't make it past the first hour. What a ridiculous, convoluted mess the Final Fantasy series has become. Or maybe I'm the one who's become a ridiculous, convoluted mess, and the Final Fantasy series is just fine. Either way, every time a new FF title is released, I buy it on sheer hope, and I think it's time to stop doing that. I mean, I don't look back fondly on grinding dinosaurs for ten hours in the forest north of the Veldt, but quicktime events and ""press A to battle"" tactics don't feel like a step up.As far as the port to PC, I'm pretty positive that the people who were in charge of that have never seen a human operate a computer before. I mean, we've kind of developed a pretty simple standard for keyboard and mouse controls by now, right? Or maybe ""remap your keys"" is a minigame I didn't quite get.I dunno -- maybe I'm just getting old and bitter."
76561198152535576,Not Recommended,292140,13369340,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MrFister6688,"i7-4810mq @ 3.8gHzNvidia GTX 870m 3GB VRAM8 GB RAMI play AC Unity on Ultra settings, yet am experiencing frame drops here. So bad its unplayable. I wasted twenty bucks I guess."
,Not Recommended,292140,33753661,Posted: 23 July,all,ItsLucas,optimisation makes me want to strangle a pigeon
,Not Recommended,292140,16356319,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ominous Bagel,"Very bad port, uber low framerates and stuttering.Yet FF14 runs at over 100fps on this rig. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,292140,20761891,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,"Fat, Fem and Asian",PLS FIX TY
76561197971071637,Not Recommended,292140,13730171,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Oceand,At all costs avoid this game. In it's current state it is unplayable. Nothing but a slide show on top of the line hardware.
,Not Recommended,292140,14182509,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,MuspellPete,"The game has in many ways improved on the FF13 formula, though it has one major addition which made it a lot less enjoyable for me compared to the previous game. In FF13 all mobs you were going to fight were visible on the path in front of you with the exception of some triggered events. In FF13-2 most mobs spawn on you randomly,Pokemon style. It is possible to outrun these and avoid the fights in most cases (unless you are in tight corridors, that is), though this feature still severely detracts from the game in my opinion.Pokemon is a fun game, but if you are like me, and get to a point where you just cringe every time a new random encounter interrupts your progress, when you for instance are searching an area for an item, then FF13-2 will probably irk you the exact same way.It has of course been a key feature in many of the older Final Fantasy games, though is harder to stomach in this modern installment, especially after playing through FF13 first. I suspect this is due to the way enemies were themed to their location in older games. In FF13-2 they can literally spawn in from different timelines, meaning the fights are completely disjointed from the area you are currently in (for the most part, anyway).I played through FF13 twice, and it's a game i love despite it's flaws, though i do not think i will ever finish FF13-2. Besides, compared to the cast of the previous game, Serah and Noel are far less interesting to me (granted, i have only played it for 15 hours, their stories might get fleshed out later on, sadly i will never get there)."
,Not Recommended,292140,16856510,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Prinz~,"Just straight up, it's a good value but holy god damn. Why can't a game from 2011 run on a 7970 and a i7-4770 at 30FPS constantly, even with fixes. Apparently the fixes work on Nvidia users, so for AMD GPU users, avoid this game like the plague.About this game though, it's overly dramatic but I oddly enjoy it. The story is so profound and dumb with mentions of fate, existence and emotions nonstop, but holy damn the gameplay is amazing and the monster system is rather amazing. I wish I enjoyed the main characters more....but for 10$, it's rather nice. If you have a Nvidia GPU."
76561198080468518,Not Recommended,292140,33658957,Posted: 19 July,all,Zardu Hasselfrau,"I loved this underrated game on PS3, but this PC port is just so ******* horrible."
,Not Recommended,292140,28321253,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,OGlikeNES,Don't buy this if you have AMD processor and a R9 380. The game runs but the frames drop so low that its pointless to play.
,Recommended,292140,13560127,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Drif.io •✖•,mywaifu
76561198050163683,Not Recommended,292140,34515902,Posted: 26 August,all,raykook,"This is the game for you, if you . . .1) Enjoy running around in circles for hours fighting the same fight over and over and over again while waiting for one rare monster to finally spawn.2) Enjoy repeating that endless monotony ad nauseum since the rare monster's crystal only drops about one percent of the time. Seriously. Steam shows me with 126 hours of playing time, but that's about 50 hours of ""playing"" and 76 hours of repeating battles over and over again waiting for the needed whatever to drop. I just spent 7 hours trying (without success) to get a Cactuaroni. This game isn't fun; it's punishment.3) Enjoy listening to the same 6 nerve-fraying songs over and over and over. If you love screeching violins and wailing women, you might even like the music, but only for the first 10 hours or so. then you'll either throw your speakers through the wall or turn off the sound altogether (there are NO sound controls in this wonderful port.)4) Enjoy missing most of the plot points because the voices are mixed way under the music so Caius and Yeul and just about everyone else mumble in the background drowned out by the screeching violins. Of course, you can turn on the large subtitles and just totally ruin any immersion.One final point: any game that tries to make me fight and kill Lightning is EVIL. Lightning is one of the greatest characters in the history of gaming. There is no way I will fight her. I will always have her back as she will always have mine. Were this a real PC game and not a terrible port, someone would have written a mod where, when you meet her in the Coliseum, you join forces, kill the Arbiter of Time and all of his henchmen. In thanks, she would give you a crystal with her avatar. THAT would be fun!"
76561198041085059,Not Recommended,292140,14475589,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mokipoki,"Let me preface this review by stating that I'm a long-time Final Fantasy fan, yet I am not a JRPG fan. That may sound confusing. I am not a fan of FF1-FF6 (I know some games are repeats in there, depending on the Japanese release). I have played FF7-FF13, and I wish I had skipped over this one. Let me explain below.GRAPHICS:The graphical fidelity is no better than FF13. That said, it's not an ugly game by any means. I noticed my laptop (which is not equipped for high end gaming) tended to chug harder and burn hotter than when I played the FF13 PC port...I found this strange, since I noticed draw distance tended to be better on FF13. You'll also note the lack of monsters and their animations on the overworld map. So...why is this game more taxing?PRESENTATION:It's not any uglier than FF13, that's for sure, but the characters are a lot flatter. We didn't get to see much from Serah in FF13, but in FF13-2 the actress seems a lot less interested and passionate. At times the body language is overplayed and at other times there's no body language beyond standing arms akimbo.SETTING:I could ask...what setting? A lot of reviewers have said that you don't need to play FF13 in order to play this game. That's true, but you won't understand anything unless you read through all of the FF13 primers on the main screen. Even if you do, the plot won't make much sense. FF13 was enchanting because it introduced a novel theme that seemed unfamiliar. A great purge of unclean civilians united six heroes who gain magical abilities to unite the citizens of a police-state world to overthrow their god-like leaders. Sounds nice, right? The setting of the sequel, FF13-2, builds off of that. But instead of introducing a unique or innovative story arch it starts from where FF13 left off. Our protagonist, Serah, can't remember what happened (how convenient) and she has been separated from her sister and her lover. A timelord deus ex machina character is introduced in the form of Noel Kreis. Lightning, Serah's sister, summons him from another plane of time and reality to do her bidding. The rest is in the plot development, or lack there of. But seriously...time traveling? My head already hurts.CHARACTERS:Noel is boring. Through the few hours I played he describes that he is from the future. Approximately 300 years from the present plot point. He explains that he has never known what a vegetable tastes like and that he is the last of man's existance. So why does he look so clean and handsome? And what is with his weird weapon? Nothing is explained. Noel's character design is meant to be ambiguous so we don't get too curious. It's lazy and it's flat. Skip over this character.Serah is boring. She acts like a scared little child when we're introduced to combat. Her feminization is peaked by giving her a bow and reducing her physical damage below what Noel is capable of. I'm not promoting or dismissing any sort of female rights, but I will point out that Lightning was an exception to this ""feminization of damage"" rule in FF13. Lightning was the female protagonist, and she was more than capable of putting out tons of damage as well as taking tons of it in return. She was by far one of the most powerful characters...so why isn't Serah?Kupo: Kupo? Kupo...why did they add a moogle to this plot? You will note that I avoided playing most of the games with a moogle in it. Well...there's a moogle here. He will plague your cutscenes and you will often find yourself hitting ""0"" and ""skip."" The moogle only makes Serah's sex more generalized.Any others, I didn't get to. I thought I might have picked up a new character after beating ""the hand"" in the second chapter but that was not the case. I don't know what other characters exist out there, but you will have to figure that out for yourself. I won't touch this game again.CUTSCENES:As I stated in the GRAPHICS section, the visual presentation is quite the same from FF13. That's a good thing. Most cutscenes look very nice. One thing that upset me was the introduction of Quick Time Events (QTE). This requires you to make a movement or button press based on a notification on the screen. From what I can tell the QTEs don't actually affect anything in the plot. Sometimes you will notice your character painstakingly and stupidly getting squashed by a giant meteor only to roll over and get back up. Sometimes failing these QTEs during a boss battle will result in extra damage. Likewise, succeeding a QTE might result in a status effect boost. This doesn't belong in an RPG. It ruined the balance and flow of the game, and should not have been included.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay is very similar to FF13, but it feels like it behaves faster. Enemies seem to have less health, and encountering enemies is much different. You lack the techniques that you gain early on in FF13 and enemies aren't displayed on the overworld map. Instead enemies spawn randomly, and they seem to spawn based on the number of steps you take. After a certain number of steps enemies spawn and you have the choice of either running away or using the action button to swing your weapon and hit the enemy avatars. If you connect before they do then you gain Haste and surprise the enemy. If you take too long or the enemy runs into your overworld avatars then you initiate combat as usual.I initially thought this was kind of a cool idea. A lot of RPGs have an initiative system. However, I quickly realized this was just a gimmick to reduce on-screen rendering. It also builds an unfair disadvantage for tactics by not showing what enemies you're up against. All in all, this was a failure by the creators.Leveling up has become a nightmare. In order to create a simpler and more uniform character progression system the creators have done away with the traditional Crystarium of FF13 and have created a new ""Crystarium"" that allows you to choose which class you want to specialize in. This character progression system feels a lot like the FF Tactics games.I get where the creators were coming from. I am betting they received a LOT of feedback from FF13 explaining why the individual Crystarium stat point nodes were trivial. Of course you're going to level up for the least amount of CP, there's no point in trying to use statistics and levels to negate that. However, the solution here was horrible. Basically every ""level"" in the Crystarium is worth a certain point value--regardless of what you invest it in. Serah and Noel start with level 1 in Commando**, Ravager**, and Sentinel**. After you level up enough you can either gain a deeper specialization of these role trees or you can get an ATB segment or a new role. It is never explained who should specialize in what or how well rounded your party should be. In FF13 each character had specialized roles and some characters synergized with others neatly. I never got this feeling from FF13-2.SUMMARY:I give this game a 4/10. I know it's rough, but it simply did not capture my attention for more than a few hours. It's not a bad game if you like JRPGs that are a bit over the top. The fact that I enjoyed FF13 so much and yet I disliked this game really speaks volumes. You don't have impressive antagonists like Roche or the Fal'Cie. Instead your villain is some emo kid with an ugly looking ""sword.""**Let me just reiterate that a lot of reviewers state that you don't need to play FF13 in order to play this game. That's where they're wrong. If you didn't play FF13 then you have NO idea what these roles are. The in-game primers are brief, and they don't at all explain how important these roles are. I won't go into deeper specs of these roles, so if you're interested please look up a game guide."
,Not Recommended,292140,13376326,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BigFriedPotato,Well the game is awesome and absolutely worth buying it...BUT I HAVE TO WARN YOU FOR SOMETHING!This game will probably crush almost everytime...FIX YOUR CRUSH RIGHT NOW!When i will see changes on this i will make my review better but for now ..to anyone who will risk to buy it you should know it will crush most of times
76561197971939660,Not Recommended,292140,13472640,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Monoguy,"no i dont  it wont run on my high end gaming system it  just freezes up everytime and wont even shut down. I am forced to do CTR ,ALT DELETE all the time to shut it down, Square need to sort there games out  waste of my money"
76561198115147836,Recommended,292140,13818593,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aleclove16,love it
76561198162217326,Recommended,292140,15998478,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,mcarltonjr,"This game is AMAZING. Contrary to what everyone says there is absolutely nothing wrong with this game. The people that claim the game has issues are those who cant build a proper computer. I have an asus gaming laptop with an i7 processor and geforce gtx 860 m graphics card. Game runs FLAWLESSLY. I see 60fps. Learn to build a computer before calling something a bad port. Square enix did a great job with these ports. Having played the trilogy on the 360, ps3 and now pc I can say the pc is by far the best. Ignore the ""performance issues"" and ""bad port"" comments. These come from people who know nothing about computers and how internal components can affect the way a game runs. My buddy whos an engineer built his own computer and had nothing but problems with the game. Hopped on my laptop and was stunned at how an engineers computer built exclusively for gaming cant allow this game to perform but mine can. He went out and bought all the most exensive parts on the market 6 months ago but never actaully learned how each part works and what they do. Ill be honest I dont know much about computers which is why I bought my laptop from asus after my buddy whom knows his computer internals went with me and said for an on the floor unit this was the way to go. Again i cant stress how well the game runs on my computer.As for the game itself its a continuation of a great story. The trilogy actually introduced me to final fantasy and now its my favorite game series. I decided that my favorites in order from 1-5 are 13 trilogy, 8, 10, 3 and 6. So many people complain about the story but i find lightning and her story to be refreshing. The second one allows you to play as her sister whom is a major plot character to the entire trilogy and how lightning develops as a character. I know many people may not like the story or characters and thats actually fine. Every person has a different emotion towards stories and characters. Me personally i never cared for 7 but thats me. Enjoyed playing it though.Take the time to ignore the bad port comments and read into the specs of your computer before buying. The games do require alot to run them."
76561198184385459,Not Recommended,292140,16741955,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Helxx_Lutja,"This game is bad.  Shockingly terrible.  Endless, un-skippable cut-scenes and dialogue.  Why would I want to skip them in a story RPG?  Because they are astonishingly bad.  The direction of the film/cut-scenes are dreadful such that you have no idea what is going on.  The dialogue is so dreadful that the game-start intro sequence (that is identical to the unskippable) intro animation was better without the words.  Every sentence is, every single one is doom, foreboding and portent to a level indistinguishable from parody (but no-one is laughing)  You remember how the characters in old final fantasy games looked like whiny, poetry writing children but then usually turned out to be funny and violent? The characters in this game look *and* act like the most irritating of teenager stereotypes.  CINEMATIC ACTION! or real-time-events blah, blah  its fun looking at the instruction during a cut scene so that i do not see any of the action.The action combat system combines the  necessary elements of real-time and turn based action such that all possible fun is removed.  The combat action is also almost hidden by camera angles, camera movement and interface elements.The characters speak every (awful) line in a way that is so slow and ponderous no further slowdown seems possible before encountering humorous audio-processing effects.  All final fantasy villains  have looked goth and androgynous - this cain guy here manages to look as physically harmless as the most anodyne of pre-teen pop 'stars' .  I literally could not tell in the 'voiceless' opening that he was supposed to be the villain as there is nothing threatening about him whatsoever (even when dropping mountains onto people).During one of the 'interactive' periods it is also apparent that the game environment is as tedious as the characters and the plot.I am mystified as to how this game can be so bad...and that *THIS* is the superior sequel !!!!!i love jrpgs.  The old final fantasies and I am currently having an absurd amount of fun with legend of heroes: trails in the sky.  this game is a turd and by all accounts even not even the worst of the series....and finally.   This did not have the traditional final fantasy music on the title screen.  DIE IN A FIRE X3-2!"
,Not Recommended,292140,16824624,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Vess,"If you like pressing TAB and ENTER a lot, this game is for you."
76561198066711421,Recommended,292140,13333409,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,fionarynn1974,As a FF Fan I decided to Pre order this game.. What i found is that I was NOT DISAPPOINTED! Yes there are a few issues but like the music being too loud and not being able to fix it but this has been the first game integrated to PC that i have found i actually don't have to use a game controller and that is a Plus for me since i do not own Gaming Consoles.. If you can overlook the few issues and Bugs. This Game is a MUST HAVE for any FF fan.. Graphics are freaking amazing and though Music is blasting I do enjoy the soundtrack.. Buy it cause you won't regret it
76561198073437172,Recommended,292140,13331111,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,KrazyBean,"I played this way back on my Xbox 360, and 100% it too, and I'll say that the game is great. It's better than XIII in every way really. I personally didn't like the first game that much, it was too restrictive and it took forever before you had some freedom but XIII-2 gets to the point very quickly compared to the first game and doesn't bombard you with as many tutorials. I would still recommend playing the first game or watch all the cutscenes on YouTube or something because this is definitely a direct sequel and you'll be very lost in the story if you don't check out the first game. The game does come with a XIII primer to help people who didn't play XIII to catch up so there's that too.I was pretty happy to see this game coming to the PC. Unfortunately, the game has some issues. There are two main issues that IF fixed will help this port immensely. There is a TON of screen tearing and the frame rate is all over the place (the lowest I hit was 20fps). My rig has an i7-3770K, 16GB RAM and a GTX 670 FTW so it's definitely not my PC which can't run the game at a constant 60fps on its highest settings.As for graphics options, don't expect a myriad of options. This is definitely a console port so don't expect advanced options like Tesselation, PCSS, and so on. You have resolution, shadow resolution and MSAA. The game is not ugly by any means though.I will still recommend it. It's definitely the best in the XIII series, but buy with caution. I hope that Squeenix release a patch soon and/or someone releases a mod which fixes these problems."
76561198019271081,Recommended,292140,13340142,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ekaell,"Even thou my FPS is for some reason locked to 30 the game still looks good.  The storyline seems better and the gameplay is definitely way better than ffxiii.I recommend the game, you will enjoy it!"
76561198032127121,Not Recommended,292140,14352477,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,bhudag,frame rate issues are hard to fix. really bad port! wasted money on this one
,Not Recommended,292140,16588526,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,"Wonky Characters.Weird Dialogue.Painfully unfunny Japanese Jokes.Some say killer-ost; to me it's just a so-so pop theme with mediocre Violin player.Graphic is OK, just ok.......Only gameplay is alright, just alright, nothing more............and I thought FF13 was bad........This one is even worse.All fanboys, Plz stop worshipping Squirm-Enix.They are not even that good at capturing RPG elements into a game!"
,Recommended,292140,26463068,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Galamoth,Love the gameLove the port
76561198002919592,Recommended,292140,13321675,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,edward arrg,A+
,Recommended,292140,13343177,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Calwaine,"Fainaru Fantajī Sātīn Tsū is a sequel to FF XIII , where you can play as Serah , Lightnings Sister and as Noel, a time traveler who wants to change the future that he lives in.I've played and finished nearly all Final Fantasy games, and I must say Noel is one of the best characters I've seen , although he quite looks like Sora from Kingdom Hearts and also acts like him. It's a shame that Noel takes place only in this game, he could've been such a good protagonist in my opinion but back to the topic.FF XIII-2 takes place 3 years after the FF XIII and we are looking for Lightning through time and space. Yeah, that means we are time travelling, restoring future and collecting artifacts and fragments. I think the story is quite fine and interesting that we can see the what happens from time to time and how the other characters change through time.I must say, leveling and the game is easier than XIII itself. Probably you guys have seen, how hard XIII turned into during last chapters and they were like hell. But XIII-2 is not that hard I must say.Sometimes, during cutscenes or boss-fights you can encounter a cinematic action, similar to FF VIII's cutscene interacts, which I liked a lot in this game. While fighting a boss, a QTE occurs which is also visually fun and stunning mostly, and then you need to continue your boss fight from that point. Sounds awesome, and is awesome.Soundtracks are, kinda different but interesting. Sometimes fight theme is like dubstepish, some time it has some melodies and riffs of a metal song and sometimes it's typical FF soundtrack.If you played and like XIII , XIII-2 is a must buy game for it's story and gameplay.10/10 would time travel with Serah to find my waifu Lightning."
,Not Recommended,292140,23785707,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bin.Nobunaga,"While my rig can handle Lightning Returns perfectly, this game FPS is unacceptable!2 years and even no performance patch.Bad SE, really bad.."
76561198155567236,Recommended,292140,13327167,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,jammext,"I've never played this in the consoles (PS3 or Xbox 360) so I guess this is a good port for me. I have a crappy video card and even with a huge RAM and a Xeon processor, I'm experiencing a sharp decline in FPS when the max shadow resolution and anti-aliasing is selected both for window and full-screen mode. So I have to settle to 1920x1080 resolution, 2048 x 2048 shadow resolution, and x8 anti-aliasing option. But neverthless, this is a good port of the FFXIII-2. Looking forward to the next game of the FFXIII saga (Lightning Returns) next year."
,Recommended,292140,17338064,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fish and Chips,"Looking past the  framerate and technical issues, I've actually quite enjoyed the events the game takes you to, lots of wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey stuff to mess around with timelines and really slap me across the brain with the ending. Loved it for the ""SQUEENIX!!!"" screamability.The Third-Party-Member-is-a-monster thing was also enjoyable for me as it brought out my inner pokemon trainer. I spent hours trying to tame and level up all sorts of cool monsters and complete my beastedex.7 ""SQUEENIX!!!"" screams out of 10"
,Not Recommended,292140,16827144,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,LancerECNM,"Hey, are you one of those people who took Final Fantasy XIII on its own terms and ended up enjoying like me? Yeah, this game isn't for you. It took all the good things about XIII and replaced them with boring towns, painfully easy combat, absolutely insane storytelling, a laughably stupid antagonist, and one of the most aimless plots I've seen in a RPG.Looks and sounds fantastic, though. Might be good if you want something to let you turn your brain off."
76561198131733393,Not Recommended,292140,14357651,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,Very weak port.10\3
76561197974815166,Not Recommended,292140,23360891,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,NoTimeToBleed,"Hi folks,if you use win 10, dont bother buying this game! You will buy constant freezes and crashes. After searching and tring many possible fixes i gave up on that. And because FF 13 and FF 13-2 have known issues right from the start that are still not fixed, i dont think there will ever come a patch. for square this is only a money earning maschine.greets"
,Not Recommended,292140,14048017,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Xhinryu,"Port comparison:+Nicer looking game with resolution options, AA, and downscale shadows.+Cheap-Has issues such as stuttering framerate and random depth of field blurring out scenes that should have no blur.-A recent patch removed the console-only DLC, permanently disabling them even with a DLC unlocker.-Story and Coliseum DLCs locked before completing the gameThe story and Coliseum DLCs being locked ruins the entire experience for me. I've finished the game on the PS3 already, and I wanted to replay it on PC with the much nicer graphics options and Valk Lightning in my party for my entire experience. However, Squeenix took it upon themselves to ""unspoil"" people going through the game the first time. While I can understand their decision process, I do not agree with it.I also do not recommend anyone who has already completed the game on PS3/360 to buy this for nicer graphics, because although it does certainly look nicer, there are extremely frequent, noticeable instances of frame stutters that quite honestly makes it an inferior experience compared to the PS3 original. Plus, there's the issue of locked DLC. I was extremely disappointed as a result, and I will not recommend the purchase of this version of the game."
76561198036434142,Not Recommended,292140,20770863,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,S3ooD,You want to know why square is not as great as it used to be?just play this game.
76561198150645339,Recommended,292140,13324871,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DreaM DesT1nY,"I can't even get past the loading screen of SE. I have a i5 4690K, 16GB DDR3, EVGA GTX 980 OC and the game will not load past the white screen even on the lowest settings. I've tried every combination but the game has not been working for me at all. It was a big disappointment. I have no idea how to fix the game. I have enough GB on my SSD so that shouldn't be the problem.Update: I found out that I can play this game on my laptop for some reason and it runs smoothly without framerate drops. It has an nvidia geforce gtx 850m with an i7 core and windows 8.1. I guess this game is not programmed to run on ""high end"" graphics card for some reason. I have no idea why it won't work for my pc."
76561198030044449,Not Recommended,292140,14420550,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,locoamigo,"terrible game.  Wish steam would refund my money.  First 20 minutes of the game is some type of fight scene on the ground in the air, upside down, mash some buttons now and then. No idea what was happening.  Controls were laggy and weird to play. Gave up after 5 minutes of trying to play it."
,Recommended,292140,13498706,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Xenoverge,Not many games give me this urge to write a review.While I am only a few hours into it my first impression is that FFXIII-2 has a great balance in storyline and gameplay.Coming from playing old FF and FFVIII on pc I have skipped other PC versions because they did not seem interesting enough.FFXIII-2  was a gamble at first but my worries were for naught as Square Enix has delivered true to the heart and dynamics of old FF games with a riveting storyline that makes you want to play more and varied fun gameplay.I would certainly recommend this game to any person looking for an interesting storyline as the game is very accessible.(Just make sure you have enough time to go through all the beautiful cutscenes as you can't save during cutscenes and battles. There are some sequences where a tough battle and cutscene go hand in hand meaing that you would need a good 15 minutes to enjoy the battle and cutscence.)
76561198010995038,Recommended,292140,13524139,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,paulv2k4,"FF XIII-2 has everything that FF XIII does not. Basically FF XIII should have been like this.PROS:- Your character's leveling is open (you control their path and ability)- The world is open (ish)- You can capture and use monsters (and level them up)- The gameplay in general is better- The live action cutscenes are a little thing that makes the game much more engaging- You can save at any pointCONS:- The game's story line is a little washy, rushed, child-like and I mostly skip all cutscenes- The music at times is just annoying- The characters are hard to relate to and impossible to put up with- Very poor port for the PC, getting Micro-Stutters everywhere (annoying when MGS: Ground Zeroes works flawlessly) - do not let that put you off the game though."
,Recommended,292140,13326006,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Shiro,"Real 1080p, 60FPS, Japanese audio, and DLC. Not bad for once. Thank you SE for listening to your fans input from the previous release."
,Recommended,292140,13323716,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,12-Grain Bread,"EDIT: So after some kind of stealth update, my framerate has now reached a somewhat-playable state(around 30 FPS). Also, trading cards work now. So there's that. Do I recommend the game now? Well, only if you're really a fan of the series. Otherwise, no.It's almost as if Square Enix gave fans a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerate as a giant ♥♥♥♥ you for demanding 1080p. Game is borderline-unplayable on high-end machines."
,Recommended,292140,13331487,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Don't do hax kids,So far so good
,Recommended,292140,13324981,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MohEternal ~ BatigoL,It must be said...It is FINAL POKEMON FANTASY !!! for all you final fantasy and pokemon fans out there ! Kupo :o
76561198314331464,Not Recommended,292140,24090396,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lvnrose,"this is the worst game ever....poor playability, it crashes randomly way too many times, and if it did not crash during gameplay, it will crash while trying to save or while trying to open the gate. This seriously need a patch. VERY ANNOYING!!!!  i have to waste hours to progress only to go back to where I begin again bcause of the crash and saving game is a threat to crash. Steam should not sell this game, I feel like I'm playing a pirated copy...maybe pirated even better than this crap, spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,292140,24881262,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,WaifuHunter,As poor as storytelling gets!Pros:- Good character visuals- Fantasy- Moe female charactersCons:- Painfully stereotype characters- Clichee story and plot with tons of plot holes- Storyline is very linear- Awful UI that feels outdated and doesn't fit into our time.- Quicktime events!!- Male emo wussie charactersRecommended Alternative:Watch Dartigan's  Game Sins episode about this game on YT instead - more entertaining!
76561198176878809,Not Recommended,292140,14376505,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,vangk91,stupid waste my money i want my money back
76561198011127969,Not Recommended,292140,14283263,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,BAE [Maverix],Beautiful game on consoles.. but unfortunately this is a bad port and IMHO a waste of money.   Most of my playing time on this has been me changing settings in the hope to get past a crash.. unfortunately several hours later.. I can't replay the same fight again..no matter how beautiful.  I would suggest any one looking at this.. buy a cheap PS2 and a copy of the game off Ebay.
,Recommended,292140,13444242,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ayaka Karoji,A MUST to buy!! GREAT PLOT!
,Not Recommended,292140,16476919,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tiger,"Ladies and gentlemen! I proudly announce that we reached a new ""low"".Boss battle QTE's at 15fps!! Oh and whats better, there is an autobattle button, so you don't have to do anything anymore just press one button :DI'm really impressed Square. Dispate the fact that you no longer made videogames only bloody remakes(oh and the famous FF13 - versus - 15) I thought you can do at least that properly.Well, I was wrong. This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥Of course everything runs at 15fps so after a while you can get ephilepsy or such.Anyway. I really lost hope for Square. Once a great developer and the best at JRPG's. Now not even its former shadow.Btw FF7 remake was announced. What a bloody suprise. Don't even dare to make a new game.Hope you ruin that one as well :DP.s. really Square don't bother with PC porting anymore. You're bad at it. Not like you good at anything anymore anyway..just for clarification, my rig:i7 4820k @ 4.5Ghz24Gb DDR 32xSSD's + 2x 3Tb Caviar2x 290x crossfireAsus Xonar D2X...not the most powerfull PC on the world, but it should run this crap without sweating. Just look at the game. Doesn't justify it one bit.."
,Not Recommended,292140,19623546,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Jenova's Fitness,"How did this game get so many good reviews?! Its a horrible port! Drops in FPS make large boss battles unplayable, the rain looks absolutely hideous, theres no way to improve FPS and no patch as of yet."
,Not Recommended,292140,33319839,Posted: 6 July,all,WaoX,It simply wont run on my pc. Don't buy.I7 92018GB ramr9 270x
,Recommended,292140,15889721,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,TilerFckin1,One of finest rpg games in my opinion. Magnificent quality and few different ways how to go though it.
76561198167614682,Recommended,292140,34040693,Posted: 5 August,all,|mBA-|Bragus36,my game always crash idk why...can anyone help?
,Not Recommended,292140,33913949,Posted: 30 July,all,Ohm,"If you love FF13 you will hate this gameBecause of1. The story is so unnecessary. FF13 is already having a good conclusion but the story of this game ruins it all.2. The party member is very downgraded. FF13 consisted of 6 people party member but this game has 2 people and 1 monster.3. The historia crux (Time travel system). Why this is even a thing for Final Fantasy game.4. The puzzle. It's annoying more than fun.5. The encounter system. This one has random encounter whereas FF13 show enemies/monsters on the map.If you hate FF13 maybe you will love this gameWhy, Because of1. It having more freedom.2. It having more sidequest.3. It having more NPC to talk with.4. It having mini-game.5. It having a puzzle.6. It having ♥♥♥♥ing QTE for more action during the cutscene.7. No more confusing word like l'cie, cie'th, fal'cie (It still has but it toned down for easily understandable story)It's like the developer of this game taking the feedback from the player of FF13 too seriously and executed it in wrong way possible.AND the big issue of this game is IT WON'T RUN PROPERLY ON WINDOWS 10 it will crash a lot no matter how hard you try to play this game (I complete this game on Windows 8.1 so I don't have any issue).So my conclusion is if you never play FF13 before.Don't buy this game.Go play FF13 and try to complete it.It may be linear.The story may be confusing at time.But it excellent on it own.And trust me don't ever look back for FF13-2 and lightning return or you will feel very disappointed in your life.PS. if there any grammar or language issues I'm sorry for it English is not my native"
,Recommended,292140,13346136,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Shithead,This game works better than FF XIIIwe can set resolution up to 1900++serah look cute at this game :3
,Recommended,292140,13476837,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ottman,Really nice !! Better than FF XIII :D
,Recommended,292140,13487435,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,D3RP_TANKMAN,OMG its like pokemon....
,Recommended,292140,21245320,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JOX,"Unlike the FFXIII pc port, this game has performance issues but it's nothing serious, really. FFXIII-2 is how FFXIII should have been in terms of gameplay and story progression, it's like the enhanced version of the game. FFXIII-2 definitely saved the FFXIII franchise, just tweak the Shadow Resolution (to anything not higher than 4k@1080p) in settings and you're good to go."
,Recommended,292140,13561623,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bùi Đăng Khoa,ggod
76561198023765843,Recommended,292140,13538332,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,OG-Tortoise,Seems like SE is getting better with the ports...or whatever the company that is doing it.  The first FF13 port suffers frame stutters here and there...but this one performs muuuuuuch better.  Keep up the good work.  Game is great
,Recommended,292140,13515869,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pitopika13,"Although the framerate is not stable yet, there's many thing in the game that makes you forget about that!Review in my language : Framerate game ini belom stabil, suka ngedrop tapi banyak hal yg akan membuat kamu lupa tentang itu!"
76561198076545358,Recommended,292140,13506320,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Syaimaral,"Music: 2 great songs such as noel and yeul's theme (great at setting the sad mood within the game). The con is the horrible metal screaming while riding red chocobos.Characters: 2 characters in your party and one monster are used. The characters were more ""real.""They showed more emotion and had more sides to them than the previous game. You can also choose what they say, aka humorous responses throughout the game.Cinematic battles that you can interact with using quick time events that effect the battles after the scene.Lots of side quests, areas, and replayability.One large con is the amount of sidegames. They range in difficulty, but the vast amount in some areas make them tiring and frustrating.10/10 would play again!!!!"
,Recommended,292140,13530426,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Runeclaw,Awesome Game played the series on ps3 will defo play again on pc thumbs up 10/10 from me :)
76561198004651577,Recommended,292140,13534138,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Meis†er,"great game, kupo!"
,Recommended,292140,13357272,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ic3Y,ความเห็นส่วนตัวล้วน ซื้อเพราะความชอบ +ระบบดีกว่าภาคแรกเยอะแถมตอนนี้สามารถปรับ ขนาดHD FHD ได่แล้ว OK ขึ้นเยอะ รอ ภาครีเทิร์นละคราวนี้ แต่นี้ยังไม่จบเลย 55+
,Recommended,292140,13525979,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sea,Gilgamesh is the same voice as Bender and Jake the Dog.
,Not Recommended,292140,21535065,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ardibika,"Very Bad Port,Low FPS on my AMD Radeon R7 360"
76561198057546454,Not Recommended,292140,17087918,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jink,An absolute rubbish port.
,Not Recommended,292140,14434823,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,bc,"Terrible port, terrible game, terrible story, terrible everything. One of the worst FF games i have ever played. Stutters constantly on a gtx970 @ 1080. Will i finish it because i like rpg games but everything except the core mechanics is really really bad.Seriously the story is based around time travel."
,Recommended,292140,13321433,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vaporwave3000,I have a R9 280 and my framerate is still dropping under the infamous 30 fps :(
,Not Recommended,292140,13811478,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NANA,We Want English Audio! in ASIA ZoneWhy rest of the world have this.but asia not.
76561197966728703,Not Recommended,292140,24559190,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Propagandhi,"I'm gonna say this right off the bat: I'm not one of those cool kids, that's hating on the FFXIII series beause it's required of me as a true FF fan. I quite liked XIII and I'd really wanna like XIII-2 aswell.Here's the problem though:The PC port was probably done by a monkey, a lobotomized monkey that is. Dark Souls was a bad PC port, but this is beyond bad. I'm constantly crashing and the framerate is horrible. At least you can fix the fps-issue by tweaking your driver settings, so much for the bright side.If you can stomach a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, go for the game, otherwise save yourself the money."
,Recommended,292140,23660589,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kame,"I enjoyed this game, I really did but the time thingy fun wasn't fun for me. Also the pet system was ""meh"" characters would be better. Overal good game but it could be better..."
76561198153795710,Not Recommended,292140,19645272,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FafnirChaos,"I didn't half expect what I was getting into when i purchased this game(given the fact that I bought it thinking it was Lighting Returns) I did however give it a shot.Keeping an open mind that they tired to ""fix"" the original by releasing another game in the franchise, only to alienate Final Fantasy fans to crater towards teenage girls is not what i would consider a ""fix"".Yes it's not as linear as the first game, but adding in a female protagonist who is at times ditsy and air headed just baffles me. The moment she started talking to cats I was done.The cutscenes where ""bearable"" but the music was different and gave me a headache to the point where I felt nauseated.I can't recommend this game to anybody, unless your a thirteen/sixteen year old girl, who has a major ego and crushing on some random dude who just fell out of the sky."
76561198086396785,Not Recommended,292140,18954430,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,kingdom4irfan,this game dont have complate dlc need more
,Recommended,292140,23947024,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Biji Kurma,I'm confused about the story. But the gameplay is nice. It's like
,Not Recommended,292140,29046158,Posted: 5 January,all,Shywim,FFXIII meets Kingdom Hearts levels of wtf story with a rip-off of Chrono Trigger while making the combats boring and the crystarium (leveling system) unnecessarily complicated.Positive (?): makes FFXIII (the first) likeable.
76561198184123339,Recommended,292140,30466247,Posted: 12 March,all,NavelImouto,"Anywat, I like it."
,Recommended,292140,25802903,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Madball,"Great game but the story should be more rich. It's beautiful graphics are impressive.  I would still recommend this game to others, but if you don't grind ALOT, the difficulty will increase significantly."
76561198053292247,Not Recommended,292140,25955721,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chow-Su,"The game itself is better than FF13 (however with a FFX-2 feel to it, not saying FFX-2 is a good game but just the feel).This PC port crashes so much. It gets super annoying. Highly doubt it'll get fixing the the future also."
76561198166511939,Recommended,292140,23089320,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,gohan34zaraki27,i love lightening and serah.
76561198071812614,Recommended,292140,28578350,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,steven.boo,FINAL FANTASY® XIII-2 is amazing I love it alot.It is by far my all time favorite final fanatsy game to date.I like pretty much everything about it.the ending could have been better but there are few endings you can see that are better.please bring this amazing game to ps4 i would so buy it in a heat beat:).I give this game 10 stars out of 10.
,Not Recommended,292140,31112189,Posted: 13 April,all,Son,"ALWAYS NOT RESPONDING AFTER CLICKING START BUTTON FROM LAUNCHER, PLS HELP ME"
,Recommended,292140,32711919,Posted: 23 June,all,mdawgkill,this game runs fine.
,Recommended,292140,13319682,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Kanokare,"Do you remember a touch of the wind on you?Softer than whispers of angel that falls in loveDo you remember the sound of the ocean waves?Breaking alone time after time, ahBelieving in magic can make you strongTell everyone that﻿ this is a place where you belongAh, everything looks shiny in the sunA day in your lifeClose your eyes to find yourselfIn wonderful worldAh, everything feels like your fantasyA night in your lifeClose your eyes to find yourselfIn mystic timeline"
,Not Recommended,292140,13752370,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ziazis,"So you played Final Fantasy XIII and wonder if you should get XIII-2?Well easy enough. Let's get a few questions answered first.You loved that there were finally no random encounters in FF 13?You didn't want to grind all the time?You liked that you had not to go to an npc and get them to tell you to get a medkit for them because they rather sit at the beach and watch the waves?You liked your characters in FF 13 and want them to be playable in the next part?Well if say you ""no"" to all those points then this game is definitly for you.However if ""yes"" is you answer - don't get that piece of history.I don't get how all those positive reviews come to.Besides the obvious frame drops etc. (yes it has framedrops)So you wanted to play your nice FF 13 characters - Because you know it is a sequel? right? right...? WRONG, you get to play the first 2(3?it's always the same enemy who cares) battles with Lightning and that's about it you see of her. Because you know - you always wanted to play Serah and a random dude from the future, right? I know you want it.I'm just 1 hour into the game and already want to quit it because it just gets everything what was good in the prequel and throws it completly over and says ""we heard you - you wanted a less linear story progress, there you go"".However, that they thought mechanics like completly random leveling (you won't have no idea what you do if you haven't played the other game), the story (yey, time traveling - nice idea actually) and that ****freaking random encounters are a good idea, needs to get his mind washed!Of course the story itself isn't as bad, it seems like it will have it's moments of fun and so on BUT I already noticed myself using a guide for all those Live trigger Events!!!! (YES you have to decide what your characters say! Damnit if I wanted a telltales game I would get one!). But wait if you want to get special items you need to talk to all the ""LTE"" for that sector of the game and if you want even better bonus items you have to get the ""funny"" ones.So I was busy reading what I should take instead of just taking what feels like what I would say.Another point. You like QTE? Ye, Quick time events - Because someone at SQE obviously does. They included in their cutscenes freaking QTEs. Who in their right mind wants to play a FF with those dirty missused things.If that all points are however something you would like you should defenitly get the game, you won't be dissappointed.I will see if, I can get myself to play through that black sheep of FF and see if it gets any better..."
76561198006100178,Recommended,292140,13320053,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,yari$,i bought it for serah and got serah10/10 imo
,Recommended,292140,13327010,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,oTaeNyo,shut up and take my money.
,Recommended,292140,18156716,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,Kupo!
76561198147897445,Recommended,292140,14350123,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,✪Aimi's Espeon✪,"Games graphics on max setting 900p are INSANELY AMAZING OMG, had ff thirteen on my ps3 played it 1080p and looks just as amazing, ( consoles totally suck booty hole tho). but im still impressed with the graphics i even called my friend over just to watch a cutscene and we were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ourselves lmao, like an old man seeing a lamp for the first time."
,Recommended,292140,13320369,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Saika,nice
,Not Recommended,292140,14184682,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hector Plz,"FFXIII was ok/10, didn't deserve a sequel. It got one, and it's bad. It's really bad. Don't buy it"
,Not Recommended,292140,31617949,Posted: 7 May,all,Chroma,"Terrible performance,  game itself is not that great either."
76561198101668393,Recommended,292140,23601693,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,thelegendary59,good game :)
,Recommended,292140,13325070,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"Never played a Final Fantasy game before, noob opinions incoming.For a developer that's not historically developed for the PC much, at first glance it seems to be a thoughtful port. The first thing that pops-up is a settings menu and in the actual ingame menu there's a ""Beginner's Primer"" that summarizes what happened in the previous game. If these are any indication of what's to come, at the least, I doubt I'll regret having bought this.Japanese games aren't exactly something I play, ever really. So the story in that sense probably intrigues me more on the sheer fact I'm not familiar with its style, beyond anime maybe. The gameplay so far is very console port-esq but I didn't expect much more than that, though the esc button being unchangably the exit button as if i need the ability to almost instantaniously quit is annoying."
76561198140881361,Recommended,292140,13348698,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,d3m0n_sl4y3r1,"best, game, evar"
,Recommended,292140,23955168,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,garou,"with every single second, you'll be in love with it. it's pure art and more."
,Not Recommended,292140,13969781,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Virhekoodi:-247,Nice slideshow simulatori5 3570KGTX 7808gb RamGame runs smooth 20-30fps
76561197976555362,Not Recommended,292140,14660899,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pastayk,"TERRIBLE PORT!Runs VERY poorly on a vast number of configurations (Mine Running ARMAIII 45 to 60 fps on HIGH/V HIGH 1920x...), just check steam official forums.Complete lack of graphic options.Feeling like i got robbed.KEEP YOUR MONEY, DON'T BUY THIS!"
76561198207631520,Not Recommended,292140,30191807,Posted: 26 February,all,ghenry22,Why the hell is there no english voice over??????????????
,Recommended,292140,28736138,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ovyxus Sevanis,This.Game.Is.Completly.AWESOME.Buy it now.:)
,Not Recommended,292140,25191016,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MMR is just a letter,"Don't buy this, you are throwing away money. Nonstop crashing and I can't progress through the game past EPISODE 2. They haven't fixed anything and they never will."
,Not Recommended,292140,19645507,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,|nViz0,"Simply put, a $3000 PC cannot run this game on 3K HD 60FPS.That means 2x 980GTXs, and an i7 4790K all overlocked.... 30FPS.  Thanks SE"
,Not Recommended,292140,13665273,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,hwafooleong,Why is there no english vo in asia version?
76561198157180874,Recommended,292140,29927612,Posted: 14 February,all,Myst3riousEgg,♥♥♥♥♥♥ love this game
76561198107779419,Recommended,292140,32386916,Posted: 13 June,all,ama4deus,9/10 Love it :)
,Recommended,292140,23146681,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Max,"Best RPG of the current time, but too expensive..."
,Recommended,292140,13337065,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,GKChannel,"Absolutely recommendIn XIII-2, the main characters are the time traveller who travel through many timelines.It's a new theme of Final Fantasy."
76561198031163376,Not Recommended,292140,24605827,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ragamuffins1995,"game is broken, i really wanted to play but vouldn't get passed the opening scenes due to freezes and crashes."
76561198118694361,Not Recommended,292140,33241546,Posted: 4 July,all,hellangelmendoza1,i wish that final fantasy games go on imac as all the game for window games .should be share window and mac ..holly smoke from me deaf power and autism
76561198175496910,Not Recommended,292140,14397218,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DeadAirV,"Being a truly dedicated fan of Square's franchises, (especially Final Fantasy) I sometimes am biased about my opinions. However, this really deserves a down to earth look at what's wrong here.The game itself isn't bad. In fact it's above average by what I consider a fair standard for JRPG's coming westside recently. This game is simply a port of its console predesessor. And that is what I'm calling it through this review.My PC's specs aren't high end, it's completely running on factory hardware. And I can play games such as Path of Exile and Call of Duty AW without much trouble, if any. And I'm running on 6 GB of RAM with an AMD A8 Quad-Core processor. Final Fantasy XIII ran almost PERFECTLY with very little chugging when the particles started flying. So as a PORT this game fails to meet what I would consider even sub-par standards that we've come to expect from an A-class company.This game needs some serious patching. So if you're intending to buy this game, think hard about your rig's specs. This game may not hold up to your expectations, at least for now."
76561198096870837,Not Recommended,292140,16509281,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,U already have gay,it sucks big ppp beat it in 30 min and many crashes
76561198046305932,Not Recommended,292140,26193630,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ShurikenSalvo,Very terrible frame rate. Do not buy this!
76561198074076357,Not Recommended,292140,31737631,Posted: 13 May,all,Unclean,....what happened? This game and FFX X-2 HD remastered were terrible ports. I had so much faith in Squaresoft.
,Recommended,292140,13322633,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,gbud,Pros:Video Options - Controller or Keyboard support - DLC Pre-installedCons:NO AUDIO OPTIONS! - Inconsistant FPSHope to see a hotfix of some sort coming soon. Honestly one of my biggest issues so far is the no audio options. At times I cant even hear the dialogue over the silly music.
76561198167803094,Not Recommended,292140,15818478,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,build wall,Hot ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.
,Not Recommended,292140,34420526,Posted: 22 August,all,old chicken,"Now enhanced for Windows PC, FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 is created with the aim of surpassing the quality of its predecessor in every way, featuring new gameplay systems and cutting-edge visuals and audio. In this game the player has the freedom to choose from a range of possibilities and paths; where their choices affect not only the immediate environment, but even shape time and space!It is no longer about facing destiny. Create a new future and change the world!Now Enhanced for Windows PCIncluding a range of the downloadable content from the original console, plus the choice for either English or Japanese voiceovers, 60 frames-per-second graphics and customizeable rendering resolution (720p, 1080p, and more).Larger, More Interactive EnvironmentsPlaces with multiple pathways to explore, and many secrets to find, offer players the chance to shape the adventure their way.Time Travel - A New Dimension of ExplorationThe situation, scenery, flora, fauna and weather conditions all change, depending on when you visit locations. Untangling the threads of time is essential in witnessing the full story!Enhanced Battle SystemNew elements such as visually dynamic Cinematic Action sequences, and an innovative battle clock that will either reward or punish players, create further variety and choice for the player.Master of MonstersA wide variety of over 150 different monsters inhabiting the game world can be recruited into the player’s party and battle strategy, with each creature having unique and devastating special abilities!"
76561198021757575,Recommended,292140,14629379,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,Final Fantasy Fun!
,Recommended,292140,20551219,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Agust D,"Oh, nice ending. I love it. she's dead :). It's okay :)."
,Recommended,292140,13319941,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,YuGo,"I'm not having any problems with the fps.It is between 30-60 fps.My only complaint about the game:Play with Serah is boring as hell!In my opinion, is the worst protagonist of the FF series.Noel is better!Other than that, I found no problem.----PT-BR-------Não estou tendo nenhum problema com o fps do jogo.Ele fica entre 30-60 fps.Minha única reclamação do jogo:Jogar com a Serah é chato pra caral***!Na minha opinião, é a pior protagonista da série ff.Fora isso, não encontrei nenhum problema."
,Not Recommended,292140,19611810,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ahab,Somehow runs worse than me.
76561198064588549,Recommended,292140,13320295,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Maltheal,i have lag problem :(but great game
76561197980018440,Not Recommended,292140,13891746,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ace S,Performance problems.
,Recommended,292140,13952615,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,IT G MA!,Kupo
76561198330118706,Not Recommended,292140,31351230,Posted: 24 April,all,Dash,Crashes harder and more often than Trump's approval ratings.
76561198031750715,Not Recommended,292140,13443278,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zoah,"Oh look another terrible port from Square.100FPS in other games @ 4k,8 FPS @ 720p in FF13-2...Ya dun goofed Square"
76561198120602952,Recommended,292140,28480965,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,雷特宁 君- z,"Great sequel to FF 13, don't know why all the whiners complaint. I've played ff1-7 before and i still like this one."
76561198054474083,Not Recommended,292140,14362864,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,daneorray,I am on a high end PC able to handle the best games. This game is really messed-up! I can not even start to try and use my curser to click on anything. After 2 hrs of trying the game I finally got to the start and there is no way to just pause to read the dialog. The download has no short cut on my desktop and I have an impossible time even trying to start the game. The settings are stupid and I don't know what to set instead of it just adusting the settings to my computers capabillity. ect ect.
,Not Recommended,292140,22992792,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,AlenaAkashiya,"Horrible port for a decent game.Does not contain all the console DLC.Suggestion, buy it on PS3 or Xbox 360."
,Not Recommended,292140,20712737,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"The whole Final Fantasy XIII thing was a colossal failure. The game even worked fine for me. It just sucked. Who came up with this battle system? So boring. And the drama. God, the drama."
,Not Recommended,292140,25672400,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,StealthReborn--,"This game is a nightmare when it comes to performance to a point where it's actually worse then the performance of No Mans Sky (yes it's that bad). If you want to get at least 1080p 30fps, I highly suggest that you put the settings to the lowest possible. Even while doing so, in battle the frames will drop to about 20fps. Outside of battle you will notice that hiccup in frames lost as well. FPS aside, there is a major bug when it comes to saving your game. The game will completely crash to desktop when you try to save the game, and if you do manage to save the game, you never know when that save crash will appear. It could happen right away, or 10 minutes later. So attempting to save every few minutes to hopefully not get that crash to save progress, is fairly annoying.From the brief amount of time that I played with the game, the combat is very familiar to the first game which is a welcome and the soundtrack was very well done as well from what I could tell. The addition of ""pets"" was a nice touch and the quick time events are a welcome addition as well.If you really want to play FF13-2, DO NOT buy this PC verison. Get the PS3 or Xbox version so you don't waste your money like I did on this awful lazy PC port."
76561198074008897,Not Recommended,292140,26552814,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Wonders of Magic,"I would recommend this game, however for some reason this game crashes constantly and this makes the game unpayable. It crashes whenever I save and it crashes whenever a new cutscene occurs, So until the random crashing is fixed I will not recommend this game."
76561198095384181,Not Recommended,292140,18560274,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Roojhin,holy bad this is bad like really bad so bad that bad games arent as bad as this bad trashbag full of bad like really bad why does sarah have her own game with noel who isnt even a good character and everything they say is cringy and makes me feel even worse about myself when i play this game. 10/10
76561198061685435,Not Recommended,292140,13352767,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cecil,"Frankly, I'm sad but obliged to say this but don't get this game yet. I've played it for 2-3 hours but fps drops are so amazingly annoying, my system is way above the recommended speccs but I'm still getting fps drops (even in battles) and jerky gameplay all around, let's hope a future patch fixes this, it definitely DID NOT live up to the ""1080p/60fps"" hype."
,Not Recommended,292140,14364439,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tomwa,"God this game...Pros:- 8K Shadows?- 1080p?- Super fantastic buzzing if you have 5.1/7.1 surround sound!- Trampling of interesting north mythology.Cons:- Terrible story!- Worst character design I've ever seen in any game ever (except Cloud AHAH AHA HA AHA HAHA AHAHA HA, if I ever find the guy who did that dialogue I'll end him).- Cheesy acting and voice over.- Quicktime events! Because they're still ♥♥♥♥ing pointless.- Game is like a long movie. Cutscenes are literally unbearable.- Uses 0 to pause (yes that's Zero, not O) apparently this game is too good for the Esc key.You can apparently injure yourself by rolling your own eyes. Players are advised to proceed with caution. If you feel eye pain induced by the ludicrous story and ridiculous characters flush your eyes with water and call your nearest poison control center.Waste of $9.99 wish I could unbuy."
,Not Recommended,292140,25450073,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,MudButter,A fat Asthmatic runs better than this crap
,Recommended,292140,13328906,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Lightning,Great game 13/10.
76561198150544819,Not Recommended,292140,20654218,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Musica Vorare,"I so wish I could say that this is the worst game I have ever played, but in all fairness I've played E.T. the Extraterrestrial.However, Final Fantasy XIII-2 is by far the worst RPG I've ever played in my thirty years of gaming.  I'll highlight the worst parts of it, but first I want to make clear that any of it's many infractions would be sufferable were it not for the horrendousness of the ""story.""  Most of it simply makes no sense, but from what I can gather, there are time travelling asteroid anomolies from other dimensions.  This might seem strange, but in the game world, everyone is an expert on time anomolies, because you know... this stuff happens every day.  Honestly, my five year old niece could have written a more cogent and engaging story.Combat.  They took everything that was good about FFXIII's system out, and left us with everything we wish they'd improved upon.  Nothing you do matters.  I got through most of the fights in this game by simply setting my controller down, going into the kitchen and making myself a beverage while the NPCs finished the fight for me.  I got all the way to the end area this way, but then the enemies became so much more powerful that I've had to go back and grind these meaningless battles for hours upon hours to build up enough hit points to survive the end boss' attacks.Saving.  You can save anywhere, but evidently the time anomolies have infected the game's save system, because it routinely takes 2-5 minutes to save my game.Pacing.  Everything takes twice as long as it should.  There are load screens to load the load screens for the animations.  This game has more in common with a kaleidoscope than anything else.Characters.  Utterly forgettable.  Whatever their motives are, I don't even care.  I stopped listening hours ago.So in closing, if you enjoyed FFXIII as I did, be content to stop there.  This game does nothing to add to the game's world, story, or legacy.  Instead spend your $20 on some glass shards and salt to roll your eyes around in.  The experience will be similar, but will take up less of your life."
76561198071872708,Not Recommended,292140,25645832,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gookies5,"Contsant crashing while loading new areas, opening gates or engaging in battles.  The framerate is atrocious and god forbid you end up in a time with  rain.  Actually awful port which is sad since I was hoping this was going to hold over my FF itch with the 15 delay.  I can't waste any more time on this nonsense."
,Recommended,292140,13326303,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Big Boom Boom,"Chocolina Waifu, now that's a chick."
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,292140,25405599,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Galious,Is this a game or just an experiment to see how long I can go before wanting to break my controller in half and eat it?
,Recommended,292140,18349036,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Davoodinator,"RPG level: MediumRPG Style: semi open world, repetitive maps but not forced through story pointsSkill Rewards: This game offers very little in the way of skill based rewards in the main campaign as leveling is far too easy, and you can outlevel your story objectives with no effort.  The skill based rewards here come in the post game content, where even a maxed out team will have trouble if you don't know the intricacies of the combat mechanics.  Some of the post game arena fights are quite fun, and are totally worth checking out."
76561197971305233,Not Recommended,292140,14367650,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Runie,"I'm in the unenviable position of having to bash one of my favorite JRPGs in recent memory: Final Fantasy XIII-2.  ... Well, the PC version anyways.  The console versions are still fantastic obviously.I can't believe this.  Original FFXIII actually runs surprisingly well on my PC considering all the port issues, but FFXIII-2 runs like CRAP, even with the lowest possible settings (I freaking played FFXIII the day it launched on Steam and even then it ran WAY better than this).  There's got to be some bigger issues at play here as even people with very high-end graphics cards are reporting problems getting the game to run at a consistent framerate.  This is ridiculous, it's pretty much the same engine as FFXIII, and I remember it running a hair more smoothly than FFXIII on consoles, but it runs a whole heck of a lot worse here.Well, hey, that's nearly 30GB of space I can get back on my PC at least, and I won't have to feel even the slightest temptation to get Lightning Returns when it inevitably comes out.  Glad I kept my PS3 copy.Kind of a shame too, as Square-Enix frequently has PC sales, and the PC version includes most of the console DLC right out the gate (I think the only things not included are a few costumes and weapons and such, nothing major), plus the Japanese language track.I hate to do this, as the game itself is wonderful, but I really can't recommend the PC version at all.  Blargh."
76561197996731665,Not Recommended,292140,23835699,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cele,I have to say if they make this awful ports dont make any. First time i started game gotted this buzzin sound in my headphones ok i read i tips and it says open in vista sp2 compmode y its gone now. After that i the game gets stuck after i try to start new game and what happens cant do anything move keyboard or controller i start read again i need  to do something with dep and here was the point when i gotted enough refund here i come. WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER GOTTED IN ANY GAME.
76561198018985023,Not Recommended,292140,24376875,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Improper Use,"Once Apon A Time.I could rise above gender and social preconcieved roles and ignore any supposed internalised bias.That ended when I was about 18 years of age.If you can ignore all the cringeworthy crap this game throws up on your lap, and you liked; like me, FFXIII, You may like this.I still cannot get past the loading screens, and I've had over a year to get used to accepting the idea that I should get over my issues.If you do not understand this review. May your God(s) be with you. Make peace with your enemies, and kiss your kiddies."
76561198074544711,Not Recommended,292140,24038193,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,roet777,전반적으로 전편에 비하여 퇴보한듯한 느낌이 강함전편에 비하여 자유도가 늘어난 대신 스토리나 진행의 불 친절함은 별로라고 생각함.그나마 코스츔이나 몬스터 길들이기 등은 오래 할만한 컨텐츠로 생각됨그리고 파판 중에선 다크한 느낌이 듬.
,Not Recommended,292140,13347501,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Leathaface_NL,most of the time it crashes on the intro screen.
76561198093361931,Not Recommended,292140,13337142,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,robman375,Looks like if you dont have high dollar gaming machine then save your money.
,Not Recommended,292140,26424031,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,l0calu$er,"Crashing all the time, no way to play it. AMD R9 280"
,Not Recommended,292140,31017444,Posted: 8 April,all,Goonies,"Just don't buy this game, GTX 970 and I can barely get 30 FPS"
76561198052284165,Not Recommended,292140,14344682,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,monstertorsk,"This is a 50 hour+ version of Plan 9 from outer space. The story is that bad. I am not kidding, it really is.  Gameplay consists of repeatedly pressing the same button over and over again for hours. Don't do this to yourself."
76561197982581918,Not Recommended,292140,30561096,Posted: 16 March,all,Oztington,FF13 and everything about it is trash.
76561198037162325,Not Recommended,292140,13334884,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Jaxxsan,"Didn't work for me, had horrilbe frame rates and stuttering issues during gameplay and tried multiple different graphics settings and MSAA settings and such. The cut scenes were smooth but nothing was outside of that. I'm using the latest Nvidia drivers and a laptop with an 870M GPU. Disappointed to say the least for a game that was ""supposed to be"" optomized for the pc."
76561198032152980,Not Recommended,292140,15242289,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,marciosalvador29,i loved ff series... until they f..ed it all.... great job...
76561198055600073,Not Recommended,292140,23780708,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SentientTuna,I refunded this game because i could not get past the first scene because it was too buggy. That should tell you enough. Crappy port ;-;
,Not Recommended,292140,21825001,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,dolan,"proz;great opimazation for the pc.  it runz way betta dan the consolz.conz:ever1 lookz exatialy the same.  only the hair styelz and body shapez r differentz.when i frist saw lijhiting i touhg she waz a dude.  thiz juzt provez dat every1 in final fontasy lookz da same, if u disagree itz cuz u otaku."
76561198125829549,Not Recommended,292140,13335848,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,k_sth,"The game keeps CRASHING!!! DO NOT BUY IT!! this needs to be fixed! FPS drops during battle and certain parts of the world, and cut scenes. this needs to be fixed right away!! i paid for this service and deserve it along with all the people that did the same. it looks like the game wasn't even tested before selling it.El juego sigue CRASHEANDOSE, NO LO compren!, esto debe de solucionarse ya!, El FPS baja demasiado en las batallas y en algunas partes del mundo, y tambien en las escenas. La gente pago por este juego y se merece al menos eso. Que nadie probo el juego antes de venderlo???????"
76561198159181646,Recommended,292140,14364815,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,My name is Jeff,My name is jeff
76561198000026824,Not Recommended,292140,25486640,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,consul.marius,Crashes way too often on PC.  I ended up just reading the plot online so that I could skip this game and move on to XIII-3.
,Recommended,292140,28451702,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,human bean,k
76561198022500021,Recommended,292140,23734668,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Seiken,Lovely.
,Not Recommended,292140,15982121,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MundM,"Do not buy this game on pc, get it on ps3 if you can. Square Enix showed, that they don't care about pc ports of their great FF games, even people are willing to buy it. The performance, at least on my machine (8gb ram, i5 2500, geforce 970, SSD HDD) is the same and sometimes even worse then FF 13-1, the grafic settings seem like ripped from Durantes mod, the Loading screens remind me of the ps1, really? I have to load 30 seconds on a SSD just to be in another cutscene 10 seconds later? Skip this! SKIP THIS ONE! I played through FF 13 even the combat sucked hard, I like the combat improvement of 13-2 but the performance makes the game unplayable for me. Not even stable 30 fps are achieved, 24-60 jumping like crazy. Lightning returns isn't announced yet, they couldn't even make that run smooth on the ps3, I wonder how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the pc port of that will be. Maybe they won't bother with the third one."
76561198134823297,Not Recommended,292140,13335951,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kebess,Pretty horrible so far.
76561198010299734,Not Recommended,292140,26039425,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JBay,"Nothing can save this game. Pick any aspect of a game. This game ♥♥♥♥ed up.- This game will struggle to run itself, lose frame to a point, changing the fight menu will be troublesome.- Graphic: World is empty and incoherent- Story is completely dumb and uninteresting. Cherry on top, it will be ""to be continued"".- Gameplay is garbage, you just spam auto-action and the game chose the best action for you.- Game is easy even in normal. You don't need to look at the screeen, you will win your fight- No summon, no limit break, no shop, 4 recolors weapon, maximum 2 equipment selectableI didnd't know it was possible to ♥♥♥♥ up a game so much. FFXIII serie has to be in the top 10 of the worst games i've ever played."
76561198000581425,Recommended,292140,16437075,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Harpinov,Yo two things I love is justin bieba and yo♥♥♥♥♥ nice game !
76561198071095078,Not Recommended,292140,26565970,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Doug,"Pros: They dumped the linear nature of the previous game in favor of a semi open worldDa GraficsCons: The story is awful in a way my body has never experienced beforeThe combat system is the exact same as the last game. IE click auto battle every battle and occasionally contemplate the nature of boredom, occasionally hinting at that sweet morsel of entertainment if you just push the A/X button a little more, if you just press on in this stupid convoluted mystery that you’ve been thrown into it will somehow be rewarding in the end so you can say wow it was all worth it, trying to not draw attention to the needless repetition of levels copied and repeated under the guise of the narrative, putting in hours of unenjoyable content in an optimistic fervor in hope at the chance of something interesting happening and slowly realizing the reality that the first twenty minutes of the game is identical to the next 2000 minutes.the music isn't so great either"
76561198098916941,Not Recommended,292140,34796102,Posted: 7 September,all,XXXRichardspencer,Crashes harder than Princess Diana.
,Not Recommended,292140,25804634,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AsianChineseGuy,TL;DR This is POKEMON GO with a story attached to it.this game offers; free of charge zero IQ game design that makes no sense(CLOCK)and an unsteady fps and stutter for all your pleasure for bad porting needs!
76561198203760448,Recommended,292140,28571801,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,crowbarx5,während ff13 eine katastrophe nur genervt und langweilig ist dadegen ff13-xii wahrlich ein segen eine fortsestzung wäre super aber bitte ohne lightning bin kein fan von ihr und die clothes sind so schrecklich in returns!
,Not Recommended,292140,13321385,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MrStealYoGoal,unable to play as logitech g930 headset (seems a common problem if you want to play with headphones) only plays sound in cutscenes and you get no sound in game. i have a very high end pc and no matter if i have it on the lowest or highest settings the frame rate is choppy
,Not Recommended,292140,33659442,Posted: 19 July,all,AKillJoy113,"This was one of the worst games I've ever played, graphics were bad, story was poorly written, voice acting was terrible. Cheap game making with weak attempts at depth and emotion."
,Not Recommended,292140,29586958,Posted: 30 January,all,#JESUISBARCELONE,"Ca rame, ca crash, c'est moche, c'est chiant, REMBOURSEMENTEn gros final fantasy c'est l'histoire d'un mec qui est l'élu et qui va sauver le monde paskil ai tro fore tmtc.#ZlatanContreL'élu #L'éluMort #ZlatanBallonD'or #ZlatanVsGaben #ZlatanWIN #Napoléon #Proteine #KimKardashian#TOUTCATOUTCA"
,Not Recommended,292140,26533772,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Meekay,bad dialogue and FFS fix this port running on i7 8 core 4.5ghz and 4gb gtx 770 and i still see 10-20 fps most the game.
,Not Recommended,292140,13328155,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,T.E.D,10fps
,Not Recommended,292140,26076952,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bigturd,the only sequel im getting here is the sequel to the huge boner i got from lightning's armpits in the original xiii!!!!! YEAH!!!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292140,13319937,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MAKCIK ROTI,"Can only achieve 60 fps in 720p until certain scenes kill my frame rate. It kills my hope. Despite that, I like the gameplay. It's different gameplay for each FFXIII game."
,Not Recommended,292140,13319249,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,iluvOP,"They dun f*cked it up.The game has odd framelimits in certain places and what they mean with the ""60fps"" part in the description is that the game OCASIONALLY scratches that limit. Then goes back to either 30 or somewhere between 30-50fps. I benchmarked the opening on the lowest and highest possible settings and there were no changes in the general performance.And no its not my rig, its a thing thats happening to everyone.sooo if you want a headache and have your eyes bleed from a wild framerate thats definitely NOT ""60fps"", then go ahead. Get the game. If you can stand it then good for you.If you cant stand slideshows, skip it untill its fixed (but lets be real here, its not going to get fixed).As for the game itself, I cannot say. I hear its better than the horrible disaster that was FFXIII, but its not going to be some great experience that you'll be ""missing out on"" if you dont play it.TL;DR: Extremely bad port, dont get it just yet."
76561197995882716,Not Recommended,292140,13319205,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DataPack,"So, where are the 60fps you promised?"
,Recommended,292140,24872344,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,🎖Ace🎖,"Definitely better than ff 13, you can backtrack to any place whenever you want, and lots stuff you can do in this game even when u arent far deep into this game, farming material, taming monster, doing mission and of course lvelling your char and monster. i rate 9/10"
76561198164550521,Not Recommended,292140,30401946,Posted: 8 March,all,Viluzki,"It's a decent game, but a a terrible port. Crashes and frame drops can be quite annoying, so I would recommend to get the FF13 trilogy for a console if possible."
76561198027816686,Recommended,292140,17177542,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,cvgetsitdone,I like it!  I like everything about it!  I love old school final fantasy...  REally picky about new school.  This one though.  I was happy to play and enjoy.  It really hit an old spot in my heart and not since 9 have I felt that.  Don't forget to try reborn if you like mmo and record keeper on the phone.  But yes this game (OTHER than the fps HORRIBLE port for frames per second agony).  IF you can deal with 25 -30 fps then it's awesome.
76561198094726260,Recommended,292140,17032328,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,inkwings,Just started playing and i'm enjoying it!I like the guides they have in game to make it easier for first timers to navigate around.
76561198014507127,Not Recommended,292140,16990405,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,azunyan77,nonsense.....pure nonsens! 13 was garbage this is just dogpoop!
,Recommended,292140,17074824,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,tryekk,10/10
76561198031410405,Recommended,292140,17055617,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Vivi The Devirginator,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t how we do not get access to the DLC content but oh well still a good game all around not the best out of all of them but oh well you get what you get 9/10 Would recommend!
,Recommended,292140,17020920,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Haildodger,"Great game. Fantastic combat, and good depth of varried gameplay to keep you busy even after your first play through. Certainly worth the price, and a steal at half off. Story wise, if you liked FFXIII then you'll like this too. I highly recommend listening to the in game Beginner's Primer if you have not played FFXIII; It will provide some much needed context.For anyone who has not played any Final Fantasy games, I would still recommend this game if you enjoy party style combat and tactics. This ia a game that rewards you for investing your time into it. If you only play it for 5 hours, you'll get nothing of value from it; so save your money. If you're willing to give it a legitmate shot, then you'll get what you paid for in spades.Performance wise, it ran perfectly fine on my pc, and mine's nothing overly spectacular. It's not a hunk of junk either though. lol ~.^ ...Think middle of the road, but specifically built for gaming."
,Recommended,292140,17495315,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,profile-name,"Overall Review: 8.5Graphics: 9Sound: 8Story: 8Fun: 9Difficulty: 9.5Controls: 8Here is my review and opinions on this game. Overall I really enjoyed playing this game, and am still building up the monster's for fun! If you like RPG's you will probably like this game. It might help to know the previous story in 13 but honestly I had to re read most of it again since it's so complicated at times so really you can jump in at this game I think.You'll find the graphics are nice and the animations are good, its overall a very nice game to listen to and play but its not a very good FF game. Meaning that because its has FF in the front of its title its supposed to blow the doors off of the ride. Its just not that good.So if you like rpg's you'll find the game to be a mix of chrono trigger with time travel and tomb raider with exploration and finding VERY hard to find fragements that are shaded dark and transparent so have fun with that without a guide!The rest of the difficulty is just navigating the huge world where i feel it can slow the pacing. Old final fantasy games would frustrate me with the amount of battles and lack of story progress where as here the sheer size of the worlds to travel can take up time. there are chocobo's to speed things up but still... some maps are needlessly big. A common square enix complaint of mine. To much world not much interaction.The music is good but for its ups it has downs, i wouldn't play the ost front to back but playlist about half of it. Nice though overall.The battle system is where its at. This time you have only two character's,  aa bold rpg move, but you have a rotating monster to fill the third spot, this is fun but they are usually kinda weak untill late game so its helpful but sort of lacking as a real team member.The story is cool but why is time travel just now making an appearance in FF13 series? I don't think this is really all bad but it makes the world seem contrived and its just an odd feeling of the series being not a very well defined and formed rpg.They just make these ff games ont the fly these days without much real originality. Its a very manufactured rpg for your enjoyment but that's like a person who tries hard to be your friend and makes thier life choices around you. I would rather know they had a personality that was original and that I liked them... anyways i respect that they made improvements based on what we didn't like in 13... but why did they need to? Shouldn't they just make a good FF game that we are used to? Since 10 (the last true FF in many's opinion) its been all over the place and honestly just play this game as an RPG and put up with the Final Fantasy in the title as just a title not the gameplay hint.Sad but true, its still a good RPG and i reccoment it. Its very fun but very hard and the story is different but interesting albeit with very few actual characters. Most places have people in the towns but its not like they really are that interesting in my opinion. I feel like this is a very KOTOR Final Fantasy actually but that could just be me.If you like RPG's and action turn based combat get this one, its fun overall! If you like FF6 religiously try to take it in stride!"
76561198090455037,Recommended,292140,17365186,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Cex,It's a big step up from FF13. Good buy
76561198012426359,Not Recommended,292140,18052395,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,YourMutha,"it's an unfinished, polished turd of a game. I did my best to stick with this series, but Square has really fukt up and dropped the ball. The characters are mediocre, at best(mostly cliche). The story was a HUGE mess. The combat system falls apart with their sad attempt at ""pokemon"" fighters, which doesn't allow you to have a 3rd fighter. Also, there are certain areas of the game that are off limits due to implemented (and unfinished) DLC. This game was a huge disappointment and a waste of everyone'e time and money. Shame on you, Square Enix!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292140,18077800,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,hoshi,"If you want to play this game, buy it on a console. This port is horrid and has a multitude of issues, and has to be modded to even be playable. Not to mention the random♥♥♥♥♥crashes that happen not only when you try to save, but when you load, and even completely and utterly unpromted in the middle of an asinine battle."
76561198041979336,Not Recommended,292140,16862550,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,izman15,"I had high hopes for this game and I did have fun but when carying the FF name you get held to a higher standard. Here are my pros and cons.Pros:Fun high paced style very different from previous FF games.Great animations and environments.Lots of freedom to explore and extra challenges to face.Good voice acting and excelent music.Cons:QTE finishers on boss monsters. I hate QTE sequences I'm sure some people love them just not for me.No limit breaks. Your monsters get limit breaks which can be mildly powerful but your characters don't get them they get these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ super spells that can only be used once a fight and do only slightly more damage than normal moves.Auto attacking is more effective than trying to cue up abilities manually. The fighting is too fast to navigate the menus and select the ideal combos (especially if you are hasted in a boss fight) and auto select does a decent job so why even bother?Only having two people is novel but I didn't like it. Requires grinding areas for rare monster crystals which could take tens of hours if you're unlucky.Story is hard to follow even for a time travel game.Limited customization in character leveling. (again only two characters and they can be maxed out pretty quick)No crafting or ultimate weapons.Capacity limit or status ailments makes good gear worse (better to stack delicate low level items for synergy bonus).Repetitive zones. It's cool you can go to the same place at different ages but it's the exact same map you play though 3 sometimes 4 times.No new monsters or bosses. Same exact monsters and abilities and differet time periods have the same mobs just a different color pallet.No fun mini games. The casino is dull the poker can only be played after the game is beaten and even then the opponents are predictable and no fun to play against. Slot machines are worthless.Ending sucks. No spoilers just know that the ending along with pretty much all the Pardox Endings are sh*tty.Final verdict.It was fun and I did throw a bunch of hours into the game collecting almost all the fragments and getting the various endings but the poor story, poor character development, and lame ending are all major turn offs. Get it if you are a major FF fan (though you would probably already have played it by now) or it's on a significant sale."
76561198117426349,Recommended,292140,14605665,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[た]ぬかな,"Very nice game (well im expecting, i want use lightning more ) XD"
,Recommended,292140,13809834,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,J-Fire_Man,"I believe I'm now in the middle of XIII-2 story. Until now, I think overall it's better than Final Fantasy XIII, however XIII-2 does have its own downsite in my opinion. Here are the pros and cons of XIII-2Pros:- FREE EXPLORATION IS RIGHT FROM THE START!!!! You don't need to wait for around 20 hours like the previous game.- You can customize character, mog, and pet monster appeareance- The crystarium offers more cuztomization for your character right at the beginning- You can make the monster you defeat into your pet as a 3rd character to fight alongside you- Story is more easy to understand nowBad:- Some of the background music is just baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddd. They throw some metal music like the one you found in Devil May Cry for battle or exploration music. It just doesn't match FF XIII-2 atmosphere.- The crystarium is more confusing than the original version and IMHO the crystarium graphic is bad- The Archelyte Steppe is a massive downgrade from the original. I really love original XIII Archely Steppe, but in XIII-2 its kind of barren,- Upgrading your pet monster is kind of hard especially for high level monster.Netural:- The Historia Crux concept is interesting but can be quite confusing- You can only control 2 characters here, Noel and Serah."
,Recommended,292140,14410876,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,[NWC] Tamarin Man,its hot. its sexy. theres a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing and sucking. couldnt keep my eye off of Noel Vasquez
76561198039456214,Not Recommended,292140,14416785,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,markwgh053,"not my cup of tea , but it seems that a lot of games now have this feature -- of tap this key tap that key 50 times or you fail bla bla bla. shameff xiii was awesome /sad shame about xiii 2 ."
,Recommended,292140,14418717,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Feb2018,nice
,Recommended,292140,14389328,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,{LCD} C-U-J-O ™,"It is Final Fantasy, Nuff said.great storygreat graphicsgreat musicand great pixel girls :P"
76561198043671770,Recommended,292140,14389751,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mutini,"Ok, I read all the reviews, either you love this game or you hate it, I get it.  Except that Im sort of in the middle.  I like the game.  Im actually understanding the story fairly well.  I just dont like how long the cinimatics take and this random monster pop up thing where you will be running along and every few seconds a set of monsters pop up out of nowhere to interupt what you are doing.  Its totally annoying.  I know its a part of the story and that you have to have monsters to fight SOMEWHERE but I wish they had found a different way to do it lol!  Otherwise, very pretty game and worth buying at a sale price."
76561197968380666,Not Recommended,292140,14391345,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,dh_dm2000,I was very disappointed with the style of combat. I was hoping for something like kingdom hearts and instead got a bad mix on old school final fantasy. It does all of the battling for you. All that is needed is just somewhat timed buttons press and a shift in battle strategy when needed. Yes to can do so manual stuff but the combat is way too automated for this day and age or at least my taste. You really buy this game for the story and to be honest I would want to watch the movie and not do the grind. Not worth the 9.99 I paid for the game.Some tipIf you are a fan of the style of fight in Final Fantasy I would recommend:-getting a USB Xbox 360 control for your PC (You will have to figure out the controls but it is not hard and everything is mapped)-Had a good graphic card. (It’s Final Fantasy and this means great visual and you are missing half the game with bad graphics)
,Not Recommended,292140,14392034,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dillbert,"I absolutely love the game, but the port is just made way too poorly to make it worth playing on PC. There is no official controller support on PC but it freaks out if you don't have one plugged in. Given it still operates with a controller fine, but all of the on screen button queues are given with keyboard key pictures. The battles seem to run fairly well, but the in world graphics really are bogged down and do not run well. Unfortunately the state of the game is almost unenjoyable on PC even though the game is very good in the long run. If you have a PS3, just pick up the original instead."
76561198036655281,Recommended,292140,14393087,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Big Boss,I like this one so much more then the first XIII game. The game is less serious as the first and the combat system is much better. The story is much less complicated and this is just a fun game. Definitely recommend this game!
76561198089261843,Recommended,292140,14395570,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bigcrog4,"ooh boy!if u love FF you'll love this,  it would get top marks but there is one thing missing,,,,,,,,,,,,,jiggly boobies,,,,,,,,,,,just make them jiggle ffs!  that would make this game complete,,,,,,,,,thank you please ;-)"
,Not Recommended,292140,14399327,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RomanYakui,bugs everywhere
,Recommended,292140,14401771,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Bless your soul l Framskins.com,nice one
,Recommended,292140,14402476,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Xion.Strife,"Taking the timeline after final fantasy XIII, you control lightning's sister named serah to save the fate of Lightning.So far here's my review:Battle System: So far that I'm played the battle system was a little bit same, but a little bit improved for the enemy encounter system which requires you to attack the enemy if you want to enter the battlefield.+Live trigger: when the cinematic was trigger, sometimes it'll trigger the dialogue branching which you can choose any of the dialogue and you could see the result from it.+More interactive npc and quest: okay admit it, the previous one it was like there was no quest on it, especially the npc it was like there was ""no"" npc on the previous sequel, just some story and story. It all fixed in this sequel where some of the npc can be talked with and asking you a request to accept mission.+Cinematic action: while you're watching some of the cinematic sequence, there's cinematic sequence that requires you to push some of the button that'll be displayed.+Graphics: The graphics was pretty well done. For example I can see the rain drops into the monitor screen while the weather are raining.+Music: One of the famous aspect of this game was the music, it's lovely to hear it especially the battle soundtrack.Overall I rate this sequel 8.5/10 and recommend this if you have play the previous one."
76561197965258978,Not Recommended,292140,14404535,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hellrazzor,"Thier is a good game to play, but crap port with terrible performance.Lower Shadow resolutiont to get decent speed.My specs are 4930K @4.5 for all six cores and Crossfire 290x+290, 16 gigs of memory38 to 62fps."
,Recommended,292140,14404595,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Voruka,"This is a mix of generic action anime with a cute girl as protagonist and a rpg. the story at the begining seems too forced, too generic but gets a little better ( i think my expectations were low in 13 so they rised a bit in this game).the battle system is good and versatile, you can change you monster companion to other 2 you have in reserve so you can change your strategy in middle of battle ( as in 13 but more dynamic) each mosnter has its own special ability, but you need to fill a ""friendship"" bar to use it and then a real time secuence to make it more effective.you can customize your monster with several objectos (visual only) and leveling up their skills/capacities and also you can transfer skill from a monster to another making better monsters.. . things i hated of this game was lack of having diferent heroes besides Serah, Noel and a monster you recruit.I HATE ♥♥♥♥ING HATE the performance of this game. for me goes to 30 fps to 1 ( i dont have a great pc but still, i mean ff 13 runs perfect for me at 30 fps) and crashes frecuently ( Gedosato can help with that but expect miracles will crash).in this moment is unplayable for me after a patch ( in wich they removed some dlcs)so, buy this game if you have patience or wanna try luck. ( if you have a lot of money giftme something PLOX):tbpsad:"
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,292140,14407471,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"I didn't like the prequel much, but since ""everybody"" claims this one is better, I decided to take my chances when it was on sale recently.Big mistake!Imo, this one is WORSE. The gameplay isn't that different from FFXIII, but now you have to deall with poor framerates (yes, even on a PC that runs most modern games on ultra with no issues). And you have to listen to the ""music"", which makes nail on blacboard sound pleasant in comparison.Don't know what's going on with Square-Enix, but they've lost the ability to make good games. Nothing playable from them in years, imo."
,Recommended,292140,14409337,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,dat1LARPchick,The pc port of Final Fantasy XIII- serves it with a delicious side of justice. While not much different then it's 360 and ps3 versions the PC version features updated graphics with more pixels! What else could you want!The PC version includes a score of DLCs with it giving you added hours of play. So go on and play the title that offered redemption to XIII's series
76561198115154894,Recommended,292140,14429670,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Favier M. Gesdiffo,"a good game like, its like to play a movie than a game actualy. so if you want to play this game play FF13 first and you will feel the deep story in it.I hope steam also port the last series of the game FF13-Lightning Return"
,Recommended,292140,14430078,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,нeadwιpe,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A BEEFY RIG AND EXPECT SOLID 60 FPSGameplay: 10/10Soundtracks: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Performance: 3/10 (that's for me though)Look,I put the review on postive cause this game is indeed great.There's just one thing I hate but other than that,love the game!Compared to XIII,this one is so fun for you to play with.If you are a serious FF series fan,trust me,you won't stop playing this game.So these things I listed below are based on my opinions and the way the game behave on my PC.PROS:-A lot of episodes.Yep,I believe it would take more than 60 hours of playtime if you're type of person who explore a lot instead of going straight for main quests.-Playing as Serah.That will make you want to play this game more and follow her journey.Add on,we always wanted to play as a very beautiful female character from FF anyway.-Lot of side quests.Once you're in-game,you will see this.Don't ask,cause you will like those quests.-The combat system does improved quite well compared to XIII.-Paradigm pack system.I have set up a great offensive and defensive role for characters from the Customization section-The in-game soundtracks.I'm speechless here.I can't believe that I actually enjoyed it more than I expected,it's just great imo.CONS:During my first time launching the game,I set 4K shadow resolution and MSAA 16.Went in-game and was shocked to see how the FPS dropped to below 10.Checked system requirements,I surpassed the recommened specs.Lowered the specs,still same results.-Using only single-threaded.-The better your pc is,the more FPS drop you could get.(LOL)-Random stuttering if there's lot of effects around you.It's been almost 2 months since the release of this game on PC,yet Square Enix haven't released any patch to allow '60 FPS',fix stuttering and allow multi-threaded CPU to the game.That is the only part♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.All the CONS are from the performance issues,everything else in-game are great."
,Recommended,292140,15474862,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,LadyTopHat,"I bought this because Final Fantasy XIII wouldn't start at all on my PC. It was somewhat of a relief then, that it actually started.  Not disappointed with the game at all, because it is definitely living up to the FF saga I know and love.The graphics are incredible, compared to playing FF7 on a PS1 and FFX on a PS2.  Battles have similarities to the previous games, with some nice improvements such as paradigm shift - a setting that allows you to change your party's battle strategy mid battle.  The controls are clumsy, as you'd expect for a PC port; it seems weird not to get the map by pressing 'M' for example, but accepting that this is how it will be played, doesn't detract from the enjoyment.This is a must have for Final Fantasy fans, and a playable game for those new to the franchise.  Recommended!"
76561198054503385,Recommended,292140,15811298,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,< YIF >,FFXIII-3 when !!!
,Recommended,292140,15836771,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Minale,"The game finally became somewhat playable for me with the latest patch, even though it still crashed a bunch of times.FPS drops and sound issues slightly worsened the whole experience, but it was still 50+ hours of fun ( and I'm still not done yet.. going for the 100%! ).The game itself, though, is awesome! It's really not as linear as XIII and it had a lot to offer. The story, as always with FF-games, was super catchy and I couldn't get myself off playing it and reading everything about it, for days straight. And oh god, the music! The muuusic! I still listen to the soundtracks on a daily basis.Tl;dr: Worth the money! No doubts!"
76561198177554842,Recommended,292140,15906809,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ms Kitten,the game is awesome wish there was DLC's with them
,Recommended,292140,15641667,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,gix,i like this game very much
76561198030629127,Not Recommended,292140,13977223,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,andy.94andy94,Unlike this game because I hate the feeding system of the monster!Need farming and farming the stupid crystal time by time. Why monster not level up by fighting?Disappoint is spent most the time to fright the Microchus and drop nothing sometime!!! What the fxxk of this game!I give up this fxxking game already!
,Recommended,292140,14371945,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JunYooPai,"If your a fan of Final Fantasy 13 or even like it a little bit, your gonna love this game about 100x more."
,Not Recommended,292140,14378871,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,lukebrand21,"I would love to give this game a good review, I really would. Instead, unfortunately, I have to say that this port is absolutely insulting. Random crashes, plodding framerate, mis-mapped buttons on a Logitech controller, stalled loading screens, severe lag, and an inability to interact with objects are just some of the problems I encountered in my ""5 hours"" of gameplay, which was actually more like two hours of actual gameplay and 3 hours of restarting from crashes. If you look at the forums, these seem to be widespread problems across all kinds of gaming rigs and settings (with no readily apparent solutions), so I feel pretty confident in saying that this is not a problem with my setup. I've spent twice as long trying to fix this game as I have spent playing it, and that's just not a fun experience.It's really sad, because the parts of the game I've seen so far have been very compelling. The graphics are wonderful, the soundtrack is excellent, the storyline seems interesting and engaging--all things I've loved about FF games since I was a kid. Sadly, until a proper port of the game is released or some of these bugs are reliably fixed, this game is nigh unplayable."
,Not Recommended,292140,14349592,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kornjr577,"Games runs choppy and I have a constant frame hiccup every second or so. Wish I could get a refund. My pc can run this easily, i'm not sure what the problem is. Bummed :("
,Recommended,292140,14436670,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,apocalyps26,"Overall Score : 7/10Story : It's interest. There are multiple endings. I like it.Mission : I don't like this part. The most of these, I must find artifact which it's hard to find by myself.Battle System : It's simpler than the last one. Sometime it makes me boring because of no limit break system or something like that.Original Sound Track : It is the best part of this game. don't miss it."
76561198067624456,Recommended,292140,14437396,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fulgore,The game is less Linear than Final Fantasy XIII and you have the option to form the group you want since you can choose the final member of the party to be any of the creatures you capture during your journey including Chocobo.Also compared to the Playstation 3 version you get many Dlc for free. Finally the game runs smooth on 60fps and you have the resolution options up to 4k.Definitely worth a look especially in a discount.
76561198087722182,Recommended,292140,14457336,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,craigngu,"Much better thatn ff13, lots of freedom and things to do."
,Recommended,292140,14421939,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kamui,"I got to say, I was really skeptical going into this game, with all the negativity surrounding it, but I was pleasantly surprised by this game, I enjoyed it more than I expected. Almost every complaint towards FFXIII was addressed in this game:-the combat system is almost the same as in FFXIII, but with great improvements.-explorable towns, people to talk to and actual sidequests.The graphics are really amazing considering it's a 2011 game, most of the locations are a sight to behold. The voice acting is excellent. The music is awesome, with a wide range of different tunes. The story may not be the best out there, but it's still fun.All in all it's great experience.The port isn't perfect, it doesn't maintain solid 60 fps, sometimes it will dip to 24~30, but still playable."
,Recommended,292140,14544136,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Apex,Its like sticking your right hand in a meat grinder.
,Recommended,292140,14556446,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,drexar21,It's an ok from me
76561198055586630,Not Recommended,292140,14568281,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Rambo,"Everything about the game that doesn't have to be intriguing was (good graphics, semi-interesting story, good loot system, interesting leveling system, cool allies configuration). However, the one thing I need to be challenging and engaging is combat in an rpg. This game's combat system is too passive and can easily be mastered. After only 11 hours of playing I was near mastery. I could fight any group of enemies (except the bosses) without even thinking about it. This passivity quickly became a nuisance and I found myself without any motivation to complete a game that has a lackluster combat system."
,Recommended,292140,14522896,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fawkzi,"TL;DR: It feels like DLC turned in to a full game but there are major improvements/changes that make it interesting enough to warrent a purchase. The graphics seem worse than XIII yet the assets look like they were pulled directly from the previous game. The story is the weaker element, not as good as XIII yet the gameplay improved on everything that was annoying about XIII. It's a good title, it holds up as it's own game but it's not something that will keep you hooked.(I jumped right in to XIII-2 just moments after finishing XIII so comparisons will be made between the two, this review will concentrate on the changes made from XIII to XIII-2 as the games are so similar that if you did like XIII then you will most likely enjoy this.)It feels like DLC turned in to a full game, What i mean by this is that it feels like they had a cool idea to play as Serah in an expansion to XIII but opted to turn it in to it's own game, This is common in the industry (Just take a look at Saints Row 4, it was originally a DLC for Saints Row The Third)With that being said  it IS a fun game to play though at first glance it is misleading, With Lightning's character model and face plastered all over the place it is easy for one to think that she is the focus of the game, she is in a sense but not in the playable kind, she is the starting focus of the story.Serah is your playable character in this game, a long with a boy called Noel. Graphics wise it actually looks worse than the original XIII to me but that could be down to the port itself. Gameplay wise itis more of the same only they scrolled things back a bit in terms of enemy encounters.You can no longer see the enemies in full view as you could in XIII, encounters work on a detection system where enemies will randomly appear as you are running around, you can either try to run or attack them. It's a sort of ballance between the way encounters worked in XIII and how encounters worked in the old school games.The combat system as been revamped somewhat though it does feel a hell of a lot slower (even when using the haste ability) One of the major improvements is ability to switch party leader mid battle, this also means that the battle is not over if your current party leader goes down in battle, it simply switches to the next person so you can continue the fight.The major update though is the addition of monsters, you can now ""Tame"" monsters you encounter (Through no special mechanic, you simply beat a monster and sometimes it will drop a crystal wich adds that monster to your collection) These monsters act as your third party member in combat, each one having a specific role from the same pool of character roles that you saw in XIII.These monsters can not become party leader and have the same behavior as any AI set in whatever role it happens to be in but with a unique twist. every monster has it's own special attack which can be used by incrasing the ""Feral Link"" gauge, this gauge works very similar to the ""Gestalt"" and ""TP"" gauge from XIII. Once full you can activate a special attack which then starts a QTE to determine a damage boost to said attack via a ""Sync Level""How fast you complete the QTE prompts determines your Sync percentage which determines the damage boost for the attack, each monster has it's very own unique attack each with different attributes.The leveling system has also changed a fair bit, the Crystarium is back but in a different way, rather than all roles having their own seperate progression track all roles are now on the same track which i honestly do prefer because ""Builds"" are now a viable option. The Crystarium also expands automatically rather than in key points of the story, once you reach the end of what is currently available the track will then expand, you can then pick a bonus.The bonuses are pretty cool, you can pick a boost the roles you have unlocked, unlock a new role or increase your accessory capacity. The Crystarium is also available for your monsters, though you can not use ""CP"" to upgrade them, instead you use componants to progress them but it still works in the same way..the main difference beign you can not change the role of a monster, each monster has it's own set role an dunique progression track.They made a big change to the way you equip accessories, in XIII you started with one slot and unlocked more as you progressed, here you start with three and can still unlock more except now you have a capacity, each accessory has a number next to it, for example a ring has a value of 55, your capacity is 70, if you want to equip a second accessory you will needd to find one that doesn't go above the remaining capacity, example case being 15. Your capacity can of course be upgrade via the Crystarium expansion bonuses.All in all it is a decen entry, far from being the best and story wise it isn't as good as XIII but Gameplay wise it adds enough new mechanics to edge ahead of XIII. It's worth it for the price, give a try."
,Not Recommended,292140,14528514,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mastaaustin,"I'd like to enjoy this game, but it has a serious problem with fps, unlike XIII, and it has worse graphics than XIII.  Story is nowhere near comparable to the first.  Loved the first game and was really looking forward to this, but meh."
76561198092028653,Not Recommended,292140,14585471,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rtype77,"I've completed most of the main Final Fantasy titles: III, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, X-2, XII, XIII and now I'm playing this.Ok, there are my FF player credits. Now I am going to ""rant"" more about this game in-detail.STORY/ART STYLEI wasn't a big fan of the thirteenth instalment in the series. That said, in retrospective, I think I actually like it story-wise more than XIII-2. Why? Because of the time travel element! The wisdom I once heard: ""Usually, when a time travel plot element is involved, it tells that the story writers were desperate."" That seems to be the case in some parts of the story.While the story seems much clearer so far in the game, initially, when you first start, the concept of time traveling seems to do nothing but confuse with all the feeling-based concusions about the future and the past. You are given a simple goal: get from point A to point B, and the ""road"" to there is all tangled up. Sort of.Remember FFX-2? It was supposed (?) to be a direct sequel, sure. However, it was a whole different game! There's sort of a stigma associated with direct sequels to Final Fantasy games and it sure made my expectations lower for this ""direct sequel"", too.The plot? with all the ""kupo! look-at-me-i'm-so-cute"" and some painfully slow and outright boring parts aside, I have so far enjoyed the idea of finding Lightning and untangling the tangles. I think I will finish the game (once).I'm not very fond of the violin-piano-la-la-la-remember-my heart-la-la-female vocalist faintly singing type of a thing, as it seems very ""girly"" or overly romanticized and overused in the universe of FFXIII. I do, however, like few of the battle themes and how the track intensifies when monsters appear on the field.The characters? We see three kind of character behaviour in this game:1) Characters state the obvious. and do it again.2) Characters don't know a thing3) Characters (Serah infamously so) become quantum scientists; they pull wild, speculated theories out of the thin air that turn out to be truth.Usually in the following pattern:  1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 2 - 3 - 2 - 3 -1 - 1 -1 -1GAMEPLAYWithout a doubt, combat and leveling up are my salt and butter in this game. Just like in FFXIII, I find it satisfactory to level up the crystarium and watching the stats go higher. I like the paradigm system as it makes it possible to ""stagger"" the otherwise ridiculously strong opponents and beat them up with the right set of paradigms.I am not entirely satisfied with few things:Mog throwing? ugh. A nice idea, but the implementation is not quite there.Mog clock? In few places of the game, the enemies ""chase"" you and the mog clock turns red. The problem here is, the enemies are no where to be seen! This means, you are forced into combat with no retry option. How convenient.The gameplay really drags the story in some parts. Some dungeon hallways are so narrow that you are practically forced to fight battles every few meters. The same things with fast and aggressive enemies in some dungeons. Luckily, the dungeons seem short, which seems to balance this out a little.Performance issues: the game seems to lag here and there and the gameplay seems capped at 30fps for the most of it. I am running the game on a decent ""gaming"" rig:i5 3570k @ 4ghzgtx 970 4gb12 gb ddr3 ramThe performance definitely could be better. At 1080P 8x AA, The graphics card barely gets a challenge. Seems like this game is more CPU intensive.And by no means my cpu is a slouch.Long story short: I'm glad I bought it on sale!I SAY DO IT!+ If you're a final fantasy fan (not hardcore level) like me and out of curiosity want to play through the game at least once+ you liked FFXIII+ If you are a hardcore ff fanI SAY NO WAY IN H***- If you are new to the series- if you haven't completed FFXIII prior to playing this7/10 story so far8.5/10 battle system"
,Not Recommended,292140,15511043,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Luckydrunk,Good game. Terrible port. Frequently drops below 30 fps on my gtx 660 on default settings. Not a new card I know but this isn't a new game either.
,Recommended,292140,15286736,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,death is dead,"The port doesn't seem to be too atrocious. I was under the minimum requirements, because I don't have a decent graphics card, but it ran alright at best. I had framerates range from about 10-40, which really sucked at first but I got used to it. The only complaint I have is that the game sometimes crashed for no reason when I was saving, and I'm not sure if that was the game itself or just because my computer sucked, but it happened quite a bit.The story and battle system is a step up from FFXIII for me, and the battle linearity is gone at last. It was a really nice feature to be able to switch your leader at will. I'm really glad I won't be getting a game over screen every time Serah dies.All in all, the story is good, the gameplay is pretty great, and I can't have an actual opinion on the port, since my computer was under the minimum requirements, but I'll assume that was okay as well."
76561198030733621,Not Recommended,292140,15313113,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Cyrus Deacon,"This game is horrible. I desperately want to like any final fantasy game, but they are all geared towards children I feel like. The recipe to this game is *Click click click click*. Basically world of warcraft. Characters play themselves (literally, you can only control one character, and its a whiney girl). Your friend and companion is a Jonas Brother. If you like the battle systems of FFVI, VII, or X then this game is not for you."
76561198076190760,Not Recommended,292140,15316291,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,So....,KEEP ON CRASHING!!!
,Recommended,292140,15289107,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Fresh Kimchi,"First off, the hours I have on this game don't reflect how many hours I have actually played. I have hundreds of hours on 13-2 and came to the verdict that 13-2 is in my opinion, the best FF game to date. The storytelling, characters, plot, gameplay, visuals, cutscenes, etc in 13-2 all match up together and form the greatest FF game. I'm not a newcomer to FF either, I've played, and beat FF 5, 6, 7, 8, X, X-2, XI, and even played a bit of XIV. All of which were good in their own way but can't match 13-2's depth and immersion. It's remarkable that we get such a great game on PC and it looks so much better than 360 version."
,Not Recommended,292140,19865188,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Damnedindenial,CANT EVEN PLAY THE GAME its funny i can play the witcher 3 with no lag but this game loves to hang at 10 to 15 fps returning it i love the game bad port dont get it
76561198002125603,Recommended,292140,19889954,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ÆRIK,"I hesitated to buy this game after reading some many reviews citing all kinds of problems with the port. I am happy to say that I have not exerpeinced any problems. I do not have a very powerful computer and am comfortably able to run it between 25-30 fps, which for me is fine. It doesn't stutter and it hasn't crashed yet.In terms of gameplay it seems very similar to FFXIII. Being able to jump, change outfits, and have a bit of choice in some conversations is quite nice, however, there are quicktime events, so make of it what you will.I just finished beating FFXIII, and so far the game has a very similar feel. The world does seem a lot more open, but I haven't played enough to be certain yet. I bought it for $10 during the Winter sale, and for that price I would recommend it. If you enjoyed FFXIII I think you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,292140,19886672,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Havoctheend,"Picking up where 13 left off Lightning is swallowed by a rift in time and you play as Lightning's sister Serah and a boy from the doomed future, Noel, as they travel though time to find Lightning and stop the choas from ending the world."
,Recommended,292140,19564896,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,HaMoleman,
76561197991842185,Recommended,292140,19978907,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,anhtice,fun game. terrible port.
76561198034380810,Not Recommended,292140,19916890,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Redstar,Its a good game but it horribly optimized getting 30 fps with dips into somtime 15 to 17fps and I have a Enthusiast level PC that should play this game easly in the 100fps+ but it dosent. Tryed to use a xbox controller on this game it works really badly any time you try to save or select a mission in this game the controler dont work it gets really anoying at times because you have to unplug it slect it on the keybord then replug the controler in... Also the game with crash at random and will freze up steamnot all the ff PC port game are optmised so badly but this one so far is pry the worst optimized one so far and its been out for a while and Square Enix still havent fixed these problems  being a big Final Fantasy this is a really disspointing the fact the game is painful to enjoy because of all that I stated above
,Recommended,292140,19856884,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Happy,Amazing game
76561198058964716,Not Recommended,292140,20274786,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AlbyDarbus,"Horrible port. My experience was worse than XIII. Framerate issues and unsynced audio absolutely killed this game for me. Tried to play through these problems but after 5 hours I couldn't do it. Constantly watching out of sync lip flapping got pretty annoying.  Gameplay wise, it was pretty good. No more linear dungeons, fun combat system. I wish I could have given a better review and have actually finished the game. If you want to play this game I recommend you play it on a console."
76561198097614899,Recommended,292140,20338839,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Frosty2085,"Its a bit slow to load at times and saving even with ""steam cloud"" turned off takes a bit some times and can get fustrating other then it runs good plays good sounds good. Still love this game by no means the best FF game but its up there! Any that opinion Peace Out!"
,Not Recommended,292140,19940998,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SirGaros,"GoodBought it on saleStoryGraphicsSerah <3BadRandom freezesCrashes ( fixed by disabling cloud saves)rain effect ( had to use a mod to be able to play )weird fps dropsThe game is great I really enjoyed it but, the often crashes, the weird fps drops and the fact I had to use some mod to be able to play on rainy areas is deal breaking to me.----------------------------------Intel i5 4690k (stock speed)R9 290 4Gb8GB RAM"
76561198075664259,Not Recommended,292140,20320538,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mirakuru,Why am i getting a major FPS lag? I barely even start this game and 30 bucks for this? 99/10 would definitely get a refund.
,Not Recommended,292140,20332833,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Corrus,Constanly crashing
,Not Recommended,292140,13367362,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TonTon Stealer,not enough video options ! (got freeze)
76561198139931934,Recommended,292140,20537541,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TheDarkTempest,First off th game and story are a great addition to the first game. Filled in many plot holes and (?s) that needed to be answered. The music was just as good as the first fitting to the areas and mood of the game and even had Origa (Rest in peace) a very lovely singer. graphics i would give about 10/10 but the long load out times and frame rate drop was a bit annoying. Battle system seemed a bit easyier then first but not much of a problem since staggering is less of a problem now. very enjoyable game but very short compared to the first.
,Recommended,292140,20653230,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,"Kilo""肉便器""VI twitch.tv/kiloxvi","I really enjoyed the game when I played itPros:fun battlesnot a hallwaycons:not enough sazh and it gets a little confusing at some pointsoverall I'd say its worth 20 bucks though, good 35 hours of play for me, I got the next game in the trilogy.7/10"
76561198006793829,Not Recommended,292140,20325212,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,XDark_HonorX,"A really bad PC port of a decent game, game runs poorly even on high end hardware... 20 fps during fighting.... also a 30 fps cap..."
,Recommended,292140,20355857,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nelko🌸,"The Final Fantasy 13 series was my first final fantasy game since I didn't have a Playsation. So playing the first and then this one I enjoyed both of them very much. You see characters and places from the first game giving you nestalgia. All I have to say is if you're interested in the Final Fantasy series I definetly recommend the FF13 series.The only issue I had with this game is the fps drops and the gameplay lag. I tried an application that would lock my fps didn't work. I tried one that would remove the files that cap your fps in the final fantasy files. Didn't work.What worked for me is plugging in a controller. I don't know why but the fps lag and in game lag is gone. So if you have a controller (any controller seems to work) then plug it in and play with that. (I have a logitech gamepad F310)Please try this series out its by far my favorite, you won't regret it <3"
,Recommended,292140,20324155,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vexra,Love it!
76561198167976856,Recommended,292140,20317160,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✠ϟϟHeimatϟϟ✠,GREAT GAMEnote: kinda bad port
76561198112586838,Not Recommended,292140,20410027,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,northsidelunatic,"I think its worse tthen the first I prefer the linear game   with better graphics and less corridors,  then   trying to navigate among    the 100 polygon npc's to find out what your suppose to do  while  trying to open     time gates     makes  playing it not worth it"
,Recommended,292140,15959673,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,docnougat,Much better than XIII. It feels like much less of a straight hallway and the post game kept me entertained enough to complete everything but a few of the chocobo races.
,Recommended,292140,13324492,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Light,so far it good but the vice come and gose out and it dose not mach the lip movemet
76561198104772965,Recommended,292140,13333274,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,dmfeldman,"I will recommend this game once they fix the horrendous FPS/stuttering issues. How is it possible that I can run NEW games on High to Ultra, yet get 9-30 FPS on this game, one from years ago? Not to mention the graphics are so fuzzy, it looks like somebody enabled FXAA antialiasing for a program that doesn't require it. Even using NVIDIA control panel to give a performance boost does ZERO to help increase FPS. Regardless of whether you play the game with x16 MSAA, or x2, you receive the same FPS. Same with the shadow quality slider option. If anything, it ran slightly smoother with maxed graphics quality than lesser. Not to mention the audio is all over the place. Voices are too loud in cutscenes, too soft everywhere else, and there is no in-game slider to balance it out. Once (or IF) patched and stabilized, it will be as much fun as it was for the PS3. If it doesn't receive the needed patches/updated optimizations, steer clear of this game for the PC.[Updated - 12-16-2014]After clearing the very first area, the fps improved by 10, which is apparently a huge deal for this particular game. Game is now playable at a constant 20-30 fps, with the only increase over that being 50-60 for menu/blank loading screens.Idk what all was going on graphically in the first area, but it must have had some serious graphic drainers. Hopefully they patch this game eventually like how they did with FF13's fps stability update. Adding an ingame option to change the various sound levels would be nice too. However, now that I'm back to reliving the fun I had years ago on the PS3 version, I can thankfully change this to something I recommend."
76561198043979508,Not Recommended,292140,15362982,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,bjonreyes,I can't change its voices to English.
,Recommended,292140,15119058,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Joswei,"I didn't even like the first FFXIII and I ended up loving its sequel.  I loved the monster system, enjoyed the combat and really got into the story this time around.  There are plenty of mini-games, although the chocobo breeding and racing still isn't as good as FFVII."
,Recommended,292140,15119117,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kraust,"Game is good, kupo!There are frame issues but I lived with them.The game is much better than FFXIII, kupo!There's a lot of stuff to do, and I really enjoyed playing, kupo!Steam needs more quality games like this, kupo!"
76561198049224425,Recommended,292140,15125677,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,cozar,"Must buy to anyone who likes good music!The game is amazing, the story is good, the gameplay is the best in the series imo, nice puzzles to solve and no need to worry if you missed something cause you can come back in time :p."
76561198062632557,Recommended,292140,15131176,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mr. ปลาช่อน,rubbish story but gameplay is really finefor just a gameplay i prefer xiii-2 than xiii
76561198109166489,Recommended,292140,15199189,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Why are you so diao???,"Even though i more prefer the fighting style like FFX or FFXV, but it has good storylines, cool characters."
76561198123770993,Recommended,292140,15260487,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PharMercy 3<,"This game brings memories from when i play the ps3, now that my main consoles is pc, am totally buying it just for the sake of playing and modding..."
,Recommended,292140,15138626,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,fz.KuN,Got Lightning as a team and then spamming with her to fight Lighning in the Colleseum. Mindblown 10/10
,Recommended,292140,15451930,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Stan Marsh,"I haven't quite finished this game but in my opinion it's the game I definetly like and recommend. Play XIII first and see for yourself whether you like it or not. I love both. I've made a lot of screenshots and all of them are awesome. The graphics is amazing, CGI in this game are better than 95% of today's movies =) And by bying this game you support future PC ports of FF games!!!"
76561198165787092,Recommended,292140,16346135,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,zytokairu,"Play this for the monsters and maybe the nice soundtrack.I found everything else about the game to be mediocre at best, though it's still better than XIII."
76561197972752517,Recommended,292140,16253313,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ahremane,"This game is a pretty good sequel to FF13 and is a pretty solid FF game overall with a couple caveats.The story itself is pretty solid, albeit not quite as memorable as that of FF13. Overall, I'd probably rate it like a 7 or 8 or so for story. The story feels like it can stand on its own for the most part, but a lot of stuff builds off of FF13 so it probably would be extremely confusing for a lot of the character's backstories/motivations/etc. if you haven't played FF13.The gameplay itself feels really solid. The combat feels a bit more refined than FF13 with the pet/monster system and the combat job system is a bit smoother and more streamlined than that of FF13. Your characters can fill pretty much any role you want without being gimped or it being impossible to upgrade them past a certain point for a given job, unlike in FF13. The way battles are initiated or avoided is also pretty cool and makes it a lot easier to avoid annoying enemies and a lot easier to plan against harder enemies. It feels like they took most of FF13's flaws and fixed them without making it boring.The game feels a bit too reliant on strategy guides for side quests though. FF13 was usually pretty easy to figure out or would at least have some clues as to what to do, but a good number of the side quests in FF13-2 feel like they need a strategy guide or just plain luck to find. I eventually reached the point I didn't care at all about the side quests after beating the main story. The main story is pretty easy to complete without referencing anything though."
,Recommended,292140,14754809,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Night,"Final Fantasy 13-2 improves a lot of Final Fantasy 13's mechanics and refines the battle system to make it more enjoyable. The battle system breaks away from the traditional turn based system which is a nice improvement in my opinon. While the story isn't as stellar compared to previous Final Fantasy games, it is still interesting to play through. The story repeats similar areas in Final Fantasy 13 which may seem bad at first, but they add a certain freshness to each area making them unique and fun to go through again. The Soundtrack for this game is incredible and is definately one of the better FF soundtracks. There is also a lot of replay value in this game because of the alternate endings, side quests, and monster taming. Also purchasing the game includes most of the DLCs so its a nice bonus to the game.Overall the game is worth picking up for its low price and is fun for advocates and newcomers alike!"
,Recommended,292140,15024514,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Outlaw x 313,Game ran prety decent on my alienware 18 until i sold that hunk of junk and built a monster now i play the pc edition far more than i did my 360 edition xD
,Recommended,292140,14344050,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,1-LeeteR,"people complained about linearness in the first game. square enix says, ♥♥♥♥ you and gives use a game thats so unlinear that it leaves you running around every area inspecting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of every corner for literally invisible objects.12/10"
,Recommended,292140,14328719,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"If you found the story of this games predecessor a little convoluted, you're going to want to give this one a miss. This game takes the incredible story of the original (including the lengthy cut-scenes!) and continues it on a path filled with complex time-travel paradoxes which I'm still not convinced make complete sense.Otherwise, it's definitely worth picking up for any fan of the series. I did feel however that the changes made to the battle and crystarium systems were a little unnecessary and didn't work quite as well as those in the original.Despite being a lot more open and free-roaming than the original (which is commonly referred to as a corridor simulator because of its linearity), this game is approximately half the length of the last, but does offer lots of replayability if you so desire.It's also worth mentioning that this game does thankfully contain the advanced graphics options that were recently introduced with XIII, but does unfortunately suffer from the same performance issues manifested in some pretty serious dips in framerate. The game dosn't come anywhere near being considered as unplayable because of it, it's just something to bear in mind if dropping below 60FPS angers you.Overall, a very solid Final Fantasy game overshadowed slightly by its predecessor, but not enough to stop me from being keen to play the finale to the trilogy when it releases on Steam.PS. I'd also recommend finding the guide in the community page which explains how to patch in Serah's character skin from the original to replace the gaudy bikini skin SE for some reason thought was a good idea."
76561198093542954,Recommended,292140,13342509,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Foslix,"Framerate fix for nvidia: go to nvidia control panel, manage 3d settings, click the program tab, select the exe for the game and do these settings:Ambient Occlusion - Not SupportedAnisotropic Filter - 16xFXAA - OffGamma Correction - OnAntialiasing Mode - Override ApplicationAntialiasing Setting 8x (CSAA)Antialiasing Transparency - OffCUDA GPU's - AllMax pre-rendered frames - 1Single display Performance modePower Management - Prefer max performanceShader Cache - OnTexture filtering Anisotropic sampling - OffTexture filtering Nagative LOD - ClampTexture filtering Quality - QualityTexture filtering Trilinear Optimization - OnThreaded Optimization - OnTriple Buffer - OnV-Sync - OnVR pre-render - Let application decide"
76561197966424800,Recommended,292140,14380805,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Famisoulex,"good game,  how do i make the game's conversation in english?"
,Recommended,292140,14381325,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ZelGraz-Weht (Mayhem Inc),fun fun
,Recommended,292140,14383045,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Hawxegen,"Final Fantasy games have always been tied together by common motifs: crystals, summons, Chocobos, airships, and Yoshitaka Amano's Klimt-esque concept art. In Final Fantasy 13, both towns and exploration were discarded as extraneous trappings, unnecessary to Lightning's mission or - as it was referred to in the game's terminology - her Focus. In 13-2, however, the towns are back with sprawling areas filled with people to talk to for tackling on side quests. In my opinion 13-2 recaptures what was lost in the series's heritage. 13-2 is a game about time traveling, and multiverses. Searh Farron, the main protagonist of this game, is on a quest to search for her lost older sister, Claire Farron.  The idea of including monsters/pets to have their own development trees and can be named, dressed and even fed other captured monsters in order to inherit their abilities is amazing. The customization of developing your characters on a molecular level, then at a squad composition level, can be immensely satisfying. I run this game on high settings, 1080p at average of 50-60fps; however, the fps dips down to 30 in combat, which is bareable. I wish there were more graphics options to tinker with to make this game, but for a console port it is manageable. 8/10"
76561198015222540,Recommended,292140,13322176,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,無名戦士,Kupo Kupo
,Not Recommended,292140,19210040,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,[TNT] Houndmaster_Deezle,Terrible port. Performance issues
,Recommended,292140,14641297,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,xzeonn,"It has plenty of flaws and mid-game is just filler. But it's aesthetically pleasing, mindblowingly beautiful, in the universe created in FFXIII and has wonderful music.In terms of the story, it's weaker than the first one and does not feel coherent as an adventure. But it explores relationship between people in the captivating myth. Storywise it's still head and shoulders above pretty much any other game out there."
,Recommended,292140,19437764,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ramforinkus,"I love how this game provides more mini games, puzzles, and many more new systems compare to the first Final Fantasy XIII. ^^And you know what? Chocobo Racing is back here!!!!"
,Recommended,292140,30645235,Posted: 20 March,all,Wolf Fivousix,"Many things that were not good on the first game got fixed, like paradigm shifting time, party leader death, gear upgrade (which was completely overhauled), linearity of the main plot and most importantly, leveling up / farming is not a waste of time anymore. Unfortunately Lightning is not a playable character despite being stamped all over the game. The monster system is a very interesting addition that I wish did not required so much farming to be played with. Overall it is a good game, plays just like the first one, but not exceptional in any aspect.PS: I hate how the game does NOT allow you to turn off the music!"
,Not Recommended,292140,19674113,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Hide on Pussie,"Good game, horrible port. Before I buy this game I already knew it was a bad port, what i didn't know is that it'd so much noticeable. The issues range from huge fps drops to glitches & bugs.Other than this, awesome game."
76561197971825263,Not Recommended,292140,19682789,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Badling,"This is a really fun, awesome game, with a ton of good mechanics and interesting characters.BUTIt crashes ALL. THE. FREAKING. TIME. I don't usually write reviews, but people should be aware before purchasing that you're going to be on the edge of your seat the whole game, wondering when (not if, but when) the next crash is coming, and if you'll be able to save first. Every time I stop playing, it's because the game crashes, I lose a bunch of grinding/progress, and I get frustrated and walk away. You'll spend a ton of extra hours in the game, just replaying the same things over and over again, praying that your game doesn't crash.It's a real shame, because the game itself feels fun and interesting. Go play it on a console."
76561198055043448,Recommended,292140,19599986,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,chris_feebas00,"Straight away I was blown by how fluid the game ran at full graphics with an i7 processor and Nvidia 750M, but once the cutscene voice over started lagging an incredible amount it was starting to get annoying. However I checked forums and found that updating my graphic card driver fixed the voice over lag significantly, with such little lag I only notice it in long cutscenes and if I pay close attention. Some have complained about in-game lag, and yes, it lags a good amount when too much is happening (especiialy ruinga spell), however for any FF fans this is no where enough of a reason to play this game. They have managed to create a sequel with a completely new feel to it. Though it is technicaly in the same world as FFXIII everything feels different, in a nice and refreshing way. The combat system is similar, though seeing how we had the same combat system for over 9 main FF titles, and this one is only shared with FFXIII, we cant complain at all. The story is amazing, the visuals are compelling, and the game may seem short at first but you quickly realised they have found an ingenious method to make a seemingly linear game into a game almost entirely based on side-quests, all which tie in well with the main plot. If anyone felt disappointed with FFXIII and its linearity, and is scared this may be the same, this sequel redeems its predecessor quite well."
,Recommended,292140,15101009,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,remm,"One of my favorite FFs so far, which was totally unexpected since the reviews seemed mixed and I didn't like XIII that much.Good:- Attention to detail with the plot, which makes a lot of efforts to appear coherent and is a lot more memorable than the one from XIII (which is basically a lenghty ultra linear quest which made no sense and lead nowhere). Of course, it's a time paradox based story so you'll find as many plot holes as you want to, but I'd say the writers watched a lot of Doctor Who and it looks decent enough to be enjoyed.- The main paradox in the story is just great, with a Doctor Who style resolution. Awesome.- Real choices with corresponding alternate endings which make sense.And it's a way to escape your doom if you understand the problems with what the main characters are doing ...- The two main characters are annoying and mean good but don't really know what they are doing. Clever. Lightning on the other hand is the best character from the XIII series by far, and they found a nice way to keep her busy while making her look good.- Good combat system, slightly improved from XIII.- The way the side content is blended with the main story (you have to do side missions at some points in the story, explore timelines a bit randomly, etc).- Lots of side timelines and additional missions.- Lots of content.Bad:- Could use a few more locations and one or two major paradox plots in the main story.- Some important side content is gratuitously hard to find without guides (wild artefacts locations ...).- Too grindy to complete the endgame content.- Confusing character advancement (read guides).- The third character in the party are monsters which can be swapped. Nice, but again too grindy and impossible to use correctly without reading wikis and guides. Although they tried to find something original and it's a decent attempt, a regular character would have been better.- Graphics and textures are a big downgrade from XIII. Less budget (but far better game).- Some technical details."
76561197982231182,Not Recommended,292140,19736732,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TimSteve,"Definitely better than FFX-2 .... but there are so many better FFs out there. I much preferred FFXIII to the sequel: many moaned that the original was far too linear, which is true, but it had a guiding plot and complex characters with interesting interactions. The sequel suffers from Time Gates (you don't know where/when you're going... means you can have no reason to 'GO' somewhere, you only ever get reasons to 'LEAVE') and only having 2 main characters plus a gimmicky Mog.Quick rundown of the characters:Serah: gets no character development from her supporting role in FFXIIINoel: cross between a cliche of a heartbroken teenager and a cliche of a boy with a fallen hero; neither is developed well. He's protecting Serah because he lost someone and wants to fight Caius because of anger... that's basically everything you get.Mog: ""oh isn't he cute..."" there, desired reaction achieved.Lightning: watch the trailer on the store page, look at the screenshots... that's about 50% of her presence in the entire game. I'd call her role a cameo but then I'd have nothing to say about Snow, Sazh, Vanille, Fang or the Nora gang...Hope: hey look, one of the original main characters made it intot he game in a meaningful way... too bad they took the most irritating of the characters and took him from an angry/lost kid to the ultimate boy genious. I'm assuming I wasn't the only one to miss the groundwork to suggest he wasn't just average intelligence... probably because it isn't there. He doesn't even get any noticeable character development: assume he's just a cliche child genious and you won't go far wrong.In fact Hope's role in this game is simply a lazy plot device... same goes for almost every solution to every part of every section of the game: do random things and the answer to your problem drops straight in your path. If they'd called this ""FFXIII-Deus Ex Machina"" I could have understood that, but as it is I just found it robbed any sort of unifying force to the story."
,Not Recommended,292140,19694599,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Chief_Nyanta,Warning do not buy and im a huge fanboy when it comes to final fantasy games. Why you ask? FPS will drop when you get to Sunleth Waterscape and beyond. Funny that steam have a 2 hour refund limit for a game that goes on for hours and since chapter 2 takes longer than 2 hour to reach it kinda a joke and that is where the frame drop. I love this game but its not worth as its a bad port to pc. There are claims of FPS fix but none of them work and the B.S about the contoller being the issue is total myth!
,Recommended,292140,19732218,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Naruchin ☆,"While the port is utter crap, the game itself is actually good! I'm enjoying it very much after I got RiviaTuner and combat & exploration are doable. Cutscenes are still unsynched, but at least now I can play it.The characters are more likeable than the previous title, the customization is always welcome, the game world is HUGE! And Serendipity, yay :DStrongly suggested to play with a guide, at least with the Crystarium--unless you wanna be like me and waste 20 hours ending up with a weak AF party only to restart eveything."
,Not Recommended,292140,19648959,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SLAPPY ツ,How can this run so F%¤#KING BAD compared to XIII? Worst port ever to PC..
76561198137492436,Not Recommended,292140,19779853,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nightwalker,why dose this shiit crash for no reason wtf
76561198023253406,Recommended,292140,19834042,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bart010101,Amazing story. Played it many times on the PS and now finally also on the PC. Worth it!
76561198001981707,Not Recommended,292140,19779636,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,scary butt,Do not waste your money on this poorly optimized garbage of a port.
76561198089551029,Recommended,292140,24311087,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,kurosakikun96,"I really don't know what to say with this, aside from ""rushed port"", starting the game normally causes a buzzing sound that will drive you insane trying to play with, fixed that by changing some compatibility settings, only to start having frame issues once the opening sequence ended, followed by the worst issue of all, random crashes of the game. All of these are things I've dealt with in 3 hours, and bear in mind this game has been on Steam for a long time now, so its unlikely to get a fix at this point, also worth noting that if you didn't like FF13, don't torture yourself, I'm not saying the game is bad, in fact it fixes a number of problems most players had with 13, however I know prejudice is a powerful thing, and this game relies a fair amount on its prequel in terms of world building, if you can fix the issues that many players find (I know I've barely scratched the surface here), I would personally recommend this game, though as I said, only if you played, and somewhat enjoyed FF13"
,Recommended,292140,24388122,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,JaiL,"I personally really enjoyed the story.The story is based on Final Fantasy XIII and kinda complex, so if you'r more of a casual player you'll probably not like this because you need to keep track of everything and what happened before or you easyly get confused and end up running in circles like a headless chicken.About the gameplay... I liked the previous game better even doe it's almost the same.Now the world is more open and you can walk freely around but there is really nothing else to do except following the storyline...It's still the old roundbased tactical combat system but this time you have less party members, which means not so many combinations. That made the combat kinda incidental for me but there are still some good challenges."
,Recommended,292140,24267556,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Priscilla,Absolutely stunning game but the port clearly has issues with my graphics card. I have the specs but the game keeps freezing every 5 or so minutes.I've tired everything and nothing works pls halp
,Recommended,292140,28037425,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[SƆ]'.Rei~*,"""The monster partner is very attractive system. I found it very funny to adopt it and let it burn the face of my enemy.""A semi turn-based JRPG game in a form of two persons and one things(?) in your party. First, I must compliment the soundtrack. IT IS THE MASTER PIECES! that is first best thing in game. The second thing is that everything in game flexible then the first one. The story is nice but it is not finished you have to buy Lightning Return in order to continue. (It is spoiled? I think not).Play it now to listen ""Heart of chaos & Invisible Depths"". (So EPIC!!!)"
76561198250240500,Recommended,292140,23111200,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,kanaan,"It's not the best, but - seriously, guys - it's not that bad. Make sure you turn off Steam Cloud with this game and it will run fine. I can run this game at 2160p comfortably.The good:- A good story if you just want to enjoy a new RPG- Non-linear, as in you immediately get two new areas to branch off into after you beat the second (I think I may have missed a third as well).- Nice areas to explore.- Less grinding than most FFs.- Most bugs fixed.The bad:- Not much of a story. Just ignore most of it.- No Steam Cloud.Note that this is after their bug fixes."
,Not Recommended,292140,30400819,Posted: 8 March,all,zombachu,Frames are so bad its almost unplayable
,Recommended,292140,23029276,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eske,"- Updated -Changed my review to positive, after disabling steam cloud I had 0 issues and was able to play without problems.That aside this was quite enjoyable to play, building your own party from captured monsters, time-travelling storyline which at times does get you a little bit lost but not a bad thing since searching for your next progress point normally leads to discovering more side-quests.It is 'Linear' in a sense like XIII but not as direct, you pick areas to roam but each area is a rather small save a few, and since your jumping time-lines the same areas are re-used but usually with slight changes to surroundings and sceneary.Simply put if you liked XIII then you'll like this, its more of the same just in a slightly different way. :)=== Original Review ===Ive had nothing but trouble with this since I bought it, So far ive had game breaking bugs 3 times, in the form of my save data being completely corrupted and un-usable twice at the same point in the game, and another earlier on.At some point ill proberly attempt one last time before I skip this game completely, It is frustrating since XIII runs fine no issues, and even this when im playing it, I have it in 4K and smooth gameplay, great visuals, no loss of speed.If you want to risk it then go for it, otherwise id say either get this as cheap as possible if you have to know the story, or buy a PS3 copy and play it on that, but I have little faith in these issues ever getting fixed.Supposedly turning off steam cloud sync should stop save data getting corrupted from what i've read but I havent had the motivation to attempt it again as of yet, ill update the review when/if I do and what happened."
,Recommended,292140,23241901,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Suiton,"A good game, but a very, very bad PC port.  If you're interested in this game and have a PS3 or 360, i'd recommend playing it on one of those systems.Storyline;An incredibly tragic time-travel based storyline.  It does it very well (in my opinion) and is the strongest game, story-wise, in the Lightning Saga.Gameplay;It has a streamlined, simplified version of FF13's ATB battle system.  Serah and Noel are your two static characters, with your third character being a tamed monster of a fixed role.  You can have up to 3 differnet monsters in your ""Party Pack"" that you can use to make paradigms.  Still a good system, but I prefer FF13's.Difficulty;This is a pretty big one for me.  There's almost no difficulty at all here. The superbosses, as you might expect them to be, aren't a challenge at all.  I came across both of them while doing sidequests with no preperation at all and was able to defeat them with ease.  I didn't even know they were supposed to be ""superbosses."" The only difficulty in this game comes from fighting the poor frame rate and the DLC Colosseum.Music;It has a mix of original songs and songs from FF13.  There are some songs made for 13-2 that are nice, but the majority of them are quite bad."
76561198124838976,Recommended,292140,23345270,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Specterfuge,"A huge upgrade over the original. Even Hope is tolerable this time around, that's just plain impressive. Includes side quests, monster raising for your third party slot, a bunch of varied timelines of the same areas to explore, and best of all a much less restricted and more open progression through the game. Its not the hallway/maternal death simulator the original was."
,Recommended,292140,23335721,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Gregoerbrudy,"The middle story of the amazing trilogy. Brings towns and people to talk to back to final fantasy. I love catching enemies and using them in my party. Very much a classic RPG! BUY IT, you know you want to!"
76561198061916223,Recommended,292140,23214813,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,forfunonly2,Fun and more interactive gameplay compared to ff13.
76561198122647915,Recommended,292140,23946142,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,A Really Bad Spy,"Honestly, great game, but the Bestiary fragment requiring the Coliseum DLC stuff is a bit ridiculous"
76561198140180330,Recommended,292140,24870519,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,성혜진,"-lightning's got new outfit as etro knight-serah as our main character in this second sequel-awesome live action which will make you awed and intimidate your foes with blazing moves and sparkling acrobats-unique given dialogues which you can choose to prefer your own time traveling adventures-together with noel,you can travel between present,future,and past to see unraveled mysteries and unfold the truth-new characters,although i hate that purple guy with bandana-improvement from ff x-2,you can find hidden and secret cutscenes from ff xiii story by finding fragments scattered around the world-better crystarium game mechanic than its previous generation"
,Recommended,292140,22928942,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Xenomorphica,"Solid improvement over XIII. Battle system has been improved with the ability to switch control in battle, getting rid of the irritating resets when the character you're controlling dies but the rest of your party are fine in XIII. Addition of pets and levelling/fusing them, especially with the dlc offering plenty of unique and fun ones to use, adds some nice variety.Plenty of freedom in this game compared to it's predecessor, you can choose which time gates to open as you like with wild artefacts in any order, and it allows you to do things in any order you have the artefacts available for really.Chocobo racing makes a return a la VII's format, and is enjoyable.Enjoyable story, characters and villain, if a little confusing until all the information is available.The only real flaw with XIII-2 is it's lack of difficulty or challenge, even what passes for the superbosses in it aren't particularly difficult."
76561198265884470,Not Recommended,292140,22915335,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SazerX,♥♥♥♥!!! the gameplay storyline is perfect but its keep damn crashing!!!please fix it
,Recommended,292140,22951482,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Itada19,I played this one on my xbox 360 slim and I can say that it is more enjoyable to play than its predecessor. This PC Port is somewhat okay. I haven't encountered any problems yet so far so good.
76561198107556392,Recommended,292140,22917355,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Haizfoo Layne ~~ Jek Hammer,"Good surprise after FF 13, FF13-2 is not perfect but many things can remind you of older Final fantasys, characters, songs, boss, you need all dlc to fully enjoy it, but for a good HL experience you just need the colosseum."
,Recommended,292140,22923834,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Curseddraw,7/10 seems worth to buybecause i want to follow the storyline
76561198052349461,Not Recommended,292140,22750250,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,looserbaby,"In it's current state I can't recommend this at all. It runs horribly even on a beastly graphics card.I am sure threre is a great game in there somewhere once Square-Enix optimizes it, but for now... STAY AWAY!"
76561198015086293,Recommended,292140,21852950,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Peter,"Great fun collecting mobs.Great Graphics. Great Scenery, especially got me on 4XX that city view, i spent most of my play time wandering around the futuristic city.However, The Storyline of XIII-2 (not XIII) is not as good as any other final fantasy series, which is the main aspect of a good rpg. Basically the story is too fragmented and not consistant, maybe sometimes not even relevant to previous storyline and this makes me completely lost in the game and stuck--dont know where to go next, and had to do alot of reserching on the internet to complete certain main quests (ex.transparent and super hidden gravitational & wild ooparts, how am i suppose to find them all on my own?) . *SPOILER ALERT*The ending is screwed up, if they would make a happier and more complete ending then i would say that this is a better rpg.I would recommend XIII more than XIII-2. the XIII ending is more reasonable and complete to the XIII series. the XIII-2 ending is not that necessary.BUT! if you LUV Serah like i do, THEN PLAY THE GAME :)"
76561198023412575,Recommended,292140,25286959,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kkdude,"While a lot of people would write off the entire FF13 trilogy, this game is one of my favorite RPGs, and many people never gave it a chance because of the first game in this series. The game is just pure fun, exploring through locations and flying through the timeline. The combat system is fairly lax, with you essentially swithing strategies throughout a fight instead of picking individual moves to use (though you do that sometimes as well, especially for boss fights). The game also features a Pokemon esque monster capturing and leveling system, with less emphasis on catch em all and more emphasis on get the strongest.This isn't a game for the hardcore, meticulously plan and grind rpg fans, but it is a great game to chill out and kill giant monsters through the timeline with a typically wierd JRPG story. And I love it."
76561198207688119,Recommended,292140,20139843,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JaioSolas,XIII-2 is obviously better in systems. Worth playing.
76561198099216460,Not Recommended,292140,20235018,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Newbiticus,Loved the game when I played it the first time. Was excited to see it on steam and waited for a sale. Even played FFXIII to refresh myself on the story before playing this. Then utter disapointment when the port was terrible. Crashes at random and can't even load the second area of the game. Unplayable in its current state. Makes me sad.
,Recommended,292140,20224106,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Aedan,"This game (story-wise) should be judged as a part of trilogy but even as a stand alone it is really really good. It actually feels like Final Fantasy game. Its fresh, interesting and, if you didn't spoil story it in some way, will take you to an exiting journey.Game does suffer from fps drop when spells start flying around but its not something that should stop people from trying it.Overall, its an amazing game and I actually feel sad its not just a bit longer."
,Recommended,292140,20253436,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ツ***@МиЛаЯ ПаЧиКаШ,"FF-13 2 is much better than to the first part (FF-13). You can compare them in many aspects like game play, battle system, music and etc. Some people say that the game had slowdowns and it run with problems, but, luckily for me, I did not have any problems at all. The story is much interesting than the previous part, this time you can chose locations throughout different time periods (that makes the game not boring). 9.9/10."
,Not Recommended,292140,20283307,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,scherzo,"This game is terribly optimized.I knew it was bad, but since I can run another poorly optimized game (TERA) and as I can run most recent games like DS2 and Skyrim with high settings just fine, I thought that I could stand some framerate dips.So I wait 6 hours for this to download over a slow internet connection, and I start the game. Cutscenes and menus look fine. The first tutorial battles run at a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20 fps, but at least it's playable.But then -- The game officially starts and puts me in control of my character. And it was like I was trying to run it on a toaster.COMPLETELY UNPLAYABLE. I'm talking 5 fps. I don't understand why this game underutilizes both CPU and GPU so badly? I've scoured the internet for fixed, but it seems like I have wasted money on a game I can probably never play because I can't clock my CPU high enough to get it to a playable state.Is my CPU the best? No. But it fits the minimum reqs and it can run other recent games at buttery smooth framerates so I don't understand why I can't get at least a solid 30 in the beginning of the game, inside a small house, with no other characters on screen.1/10 at least the pre-rendered cutscenes are prettyEDIT: so I cranked all the settings down to the bare minimum and changed the power settings for this game in Nvidia Control Panel to maximum performance. This made it playable @ 30+ fps with some drops, but it's still a shame that it's so poorly optimized.Will update rating when I actually play through the game."
76561198044580554,Recommended,292140,20526364,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ocyterin,Good RPG with a lot of content to cover. Makes up for the linear corridor simulator that was FF13. This game takes a better approach and it embraces the time-traveling nature of the story. Which is a decent story at best.Performance is not that good put still playable. Frames drop when walking in a new loaded area each time and it appears that it is loading in textures because the drops stop after a few seconds. It looks good enough for an old game but dont expect to be blown away.
76561198060806760,Recommended,292140,16620570,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,liXustRiip,Fantasy RPG at it finest and graphics are georgeous.
,Recommended,292140,16621086,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,davewjrh,"Much more fast-paced than it's predecessor, Final Fantasy XIII-2 has some new gameplay mechanics such as capturing monster crystals to use as allies in battle, action sequences, and an interesting storyline. Only caveat for this game would be the slot machine in Serendipity, as the chances of winning big are slim to none (which is important to retrieve some artefacts)."
76561198115446462,Recommended,292140,16623083,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,boonevillian02,"This game is similar to FF13, but it has no boring linear grind.  Furthermore, it has one of the most interesting combat systems I have played.  The hook is the endless possibilities of your third party member/pet.  Since nearly all non-boss enemies can be captured, leveled, and customized through transferring skills, most of my fun came from just working with the recruited enemies.  On Steam is the second time I'm playing through this game.  If the story is extremely crucial, you may somewhat enjoy this game.  If the combat system is crucial to you, this game is worth a shot!Story: 7/10  -I was only interested in bits of it.Combat: 10/10  -The best aspect of the game.Characters: 7/10  -Somewhat less annoying than the original.Music: 7/10  -Many scores are weird, but some rock!Controls: 10/10  -Good controller support.Open Feel: 9/10  -Takes about 1-2 hours to get it to feel more open.Side Story Goals: 10/10  -There are interesting side aspects to take your mind off the grind.Last thought!  It plays great and looks pretty good on my Surface Pro 3!  Portable full game!  Awesome!"
76561198027380415,Recommended,292140,16713986,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,billy_blue69,Serah in her beach outfit. 10/10.
,Recommended,292140,16724449,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,vaan,10/10 for the story and can't wait the sequel. hope it will be released on steam soon.42.1 hrs on record and had fun all the time :) worth buy
76561198072780579,Recommended,292140,13725791,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,-500MMR,currently facing some problems on battling scenes~ did someone knows how to fix the battle scenes lagging problem ??? please help~~~
76561198148440798,Recommended,292140,13360865,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RegularGamers,"why is there no sound where character interract or talking with some1,"
,Recommended,292140,15684376,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Horikita♥,love this game
76561198119172282,Recommended,292140,15460245,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ExclusiveGold,I enjoy this game and I like Final Fantasy in gerneral and I would of course recommend it to anyone especially anyone that likes final fantasy.
76561198145788708,Recommended,292140,20064875,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fegolas,"I would say this episode is a really well made game, even I just play for like 50 minutes. For some people; this story might not be interesting, but it still have some fun parts to play with. I'll give it some examples:- First of all, one thing is not going change is this game has an excellent graphic, no doubt it. I can adjust the screen size resolution same as FF13 Lightning Returns up to 1920x1080p and shadow resolution up to 8120x8120 before the game starts, which is really high definition. I found when I put my shadow resolution into 8120x8120, everthing seems like too lagging, almost gone to frozen. I was not able to turn off game, then started panicking. After like 10 minutes, I shut down my PC and restarted again. Listen carefully, I can hardly to move the mouse to the shut down button. I found myself quite silly sometime, I should have made sure my PC can run that level before I go to adjust the resolutions. As a result, I just wanted to find that setting how high resolution my PC can handle itself.One thing I would like to suggest is making a game on a PC should have an Exit button, then player can go exit the game easily rather than clicking the window tab to go out to the window bar and close the game app or going into Steam app to play a game and closing the game on Steam app. Just my opinion sharing.- Second of all, I want to be clear I am not a spoiler, I just want to talk about the battle combat in this episode. In this episode, the battle combat still keep the old version of the function the most which I feel a bit not functional like Lightning Returns, it would be good to have some movements controling by the players, let players feel they're actually controling what Lightning is going to move next. At the same time, I found a new battle combat, which was Cinematic Actions"". I found Cinematic Actions quite fun to play with, it's also about testing how fast you can react. I think Cinemtic Actions makes you more exciting and what makes players to expect something that is cool and fun would happen.I have a thought of this Cinematic Actions, if this could put it into Final Fantasy 7, to me I think, it would be really epic! Myself quite like this kind of cinematic actions, it is also really making a game come to life. People like playing something different, such as something interact something move by using hand or joypad button or mouse, & VR Gear.- At last, this game is not bad, it has a lot of things and fun stuff to play. As usual, I would recommend this game to my friends! Thanks the director and the group of game developers for making this three long episodes for every player here included me! I really appreciate it! Glad I have bought this game! Keep making great games!"
,Not Recommended,292140,20061237,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ShaZe,"+ Music is good+ Graphics are fine- Combat system is boring or annoying, it is very simple hence why they did it in real time, however when you need some specific actions to be done, you are basically sent straight to hell since there is no way to pause the game while you browse the various menus- You cannot create your own party and you are stuck with the same 2 characters- You can tame monsters... however the varieties are very limited- Progression system is horrible, everything is automatically selected for you. Everything has been made so that it is impossible for you to accidently screw up your game hence why it does not take much brain.- Story is okay-ish, however there is a lots of little points which just felt like they were fixed together without any proper thoughts.- Dialogs / Interactions often include choices which are absolutely meaningless- Cinematics have quick time events.- They tried to randomized the encounter by spawning the monsters right into your face but this is just as bad and can create issues are times.- The game crashed due to Steam cloud, fixed it by disabling it for the game but these kind of thing should simply not happen on a finished product.Please do yourself a favor and play Chrono Cross, Star Oceans or probably any other RPGS instead of wasting your time on this game. I already poured a lot of time to learn the various aspects of the game since they don't unlock everything for you straight away and I will probably continue until I have finished this game since I like to complete what I start however let me tell you that it is far from being fun. The game doesn't even need grinding and that's usually the bad parts of JRPGS."
76561198120407754,Not Recommended,292140,20054702,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,shignashina,"because of frame rate issues... its a drag to play at times but it is playableI RECOMMEND THIS GAME but pc version is nopeto me the story was a bit bland...dont get me wrong i literally feel like the ♥♥♥♥ing main characters noel and serah have no clue how,where, or what the ♥♥♥♥ are they actually trying to do. like legit all they say or whine about is finding lighting and if they come into the wrong timeline its literally the old fashion ""we have to correct this abnormality to save the day"" :D sort of thing and its the same thing over and over again and it gets more and more boring the more timelines you fix, sometimes i dont even know why im fixing them anymore wtf...other than that...where the ♥♥♥♥ does a chocobo come from every time i kill a boss and why the ♥♥♥♥ do i always ride itwtf? xDi want to finish this game but i just dont have any motivation...-story=bland-bad frame rate+chocobo :)+badass cutscenes7/10"
,Recommended,292140,16251451,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Alael,"FF13 has been a nice journey for me and i kinda sad that its already over wish there where more,The story if understood in its entirety (ff13-1,ff13-2 ff13-3) is very  beautiful not couting the amazing sound track,If you like turn based game on the combat phase and a nice story awesome cinematic id suggrest you to try the game."
76561198130239615,Not Recommended,292140,20105832,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Haley,The game has serious framerate issues and not only that it crashes during some new cut scenes so you can't even advance into the game. That's what I experience and I'm disappointed :PFix the game before you make a new one god dammit.
76561198066647655,Not Recommended,292140,20122729,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr Pink,"Terrible port. After trying every possible fix, EVERY possible fix, it still refuses to work properly by either having a PATHETIC framerate or just plain crashing after a time. Though why I should have to fix YOUR awful port is beyond me. This is an irresponsible, lazy cash grab. I loved this game when I had it on Xbox and really looked forward to playing it again. Take some responsibility Square and fix it."
,Not Recommended,292140,20114225,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TGCid,Bad port. Crashes. Dont buy
,Recommended,292140,20116485,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Grawn Castillo,I love this game but its sucks that this game is missing some content like mass effect and Assassins creed DLC outfits.
,Not Recommended,292140,14476950,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo,[Update December 29, 2015]I've decided to change my review to not recommended. The framerate issues due to HUD messing up the framerate still not fixed? Meh, Square Enix doesn't bother polishing their PC ports. Even Lightning Returns has framerate issues apparently, just not nearly as bad as this or FFXIII but bad enough that most reviews seem to mention it.This game? I'm on the fence... it's a decent RPG... but yet again? Square Enix ♥♥♥♥ED UP THE PORT! Yeah I can select screen resolutions, MSAA and Shadow Resolutions... but the framerate... oh man, it just SUCKS how much it flops between 60fps animations and 30fps animations... and how the Heads Up Display (menus and the Action Time Bar) is the main issue of the framerate never reaching 60fps in combat! Outside of combat? Disabling the minimap improves framerate!! WHY DOES THE 2D HUD CAUSE MY FRAMERATE TO TANK SO HARD!?The best solution I've found is to unlock the fps via a .exe mod discovered by FF community members and then forcing a 30fps cap. It at least keeps the frame time variance quite leveled so at least the game doesn't have such terrible framerate stuttering.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=388731782&insideModal=1"
,Recommended,292140,21360290,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dondi,11/10
,Not Recommended,292140,21182072,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Xen Killer,"The game is lacking what what so great in FF XIII: Great characters with purpose and a good storyline. XIII-2 is very one-dimensional when it comes to the characters, and the introduction of time travel in the story line is jusy annoying.When I was finally getting into the gameplay a bit and enjoying myself, the game started crashing constantly. The PC port is just horrible. I wish I could have enjoyed it more, but sadly I can't say I had the chance."
76561198251598212,Recommended,292140,21549628,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Psyminder,"So far so good.At the beginning i thought it was the classic trash secquel of a good game, but i was wrong, the more i played the more i was addicted to this game!It has a nice story, not a very deep one tbh, but still good. And I love the timelines and time travelling stuff.If you enjoyed FFXIII, i HIGHLY recommend you getting a copy of this game."
76561197997806906,Recommended,292140,13349563,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Charllize,Game 9/10PC performance/port 5/10
76561198170364833,Recommended,292140,14913475,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Let's Rockz,"hi, im starting to play this game but the char is speaking japanese n nt eng, how can i change the audio to eng?"
,Recommended,292140,14657703,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ZERONHS,"When the FFXIII-2 originally came out the game was very questionable. Mainly the multiple endings and paying extra for DLC such as The Requiem of the Goddess to see the true ending of the game. However, all of that is pretty much negligible for the PC version. The game is a major improvement to the original FFXIII.Pros:- switch between Noel or Serah when the party leader's HP hits zero- many customizable monsters for your 3rd party member and unique feral links- Japanese and English voices included- improved battle system- includes all or most DLC that weren't inlcuded in the original release of the game- amazing graphics for its generation- easier to obtain gilCons:- lots of sidequests- annoying mini games- somewhat dull characters especially voiced in EnglishIf you're a Final Fantasy fan then you should play this game."
,Recommended,292140,14785286,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dumke,"Fantastic improvement over the first.If you do buy this however, you will need to buy Lightning to returns to finish it.Otherwise 10/10"
76561198100169881,Recommended,292140,14699195,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,76561198100169881,FF13 was a chore. FF13-2 was fun.Just don't look for an amazing story.
,Recommended,292140,14645578,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ProxyQQ,"The port's half decent. Game runs fine at 60 fps at times and takes a few dip at certain places down to 45 fps but it isn't too bad. Beautiful game, good storyline, cool combat system."
,Recommended,292140,14689282,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Casual pleb,One minute of Lightning n̶a̶k̶e̶d̶  *cough* -correction transforms.11/10 will watch it again.Although music is kinda ruined everything sometime. For god forsaken h̶e̶l̶l̶ ̶b̶r̶e̶a̶k̶s̶ ̶l̶o̶o̶s̶e̶ ̶f̶*̶*̶k̶ ̶u̶p̶  *cough* some ... reason I have to constantly switch between really soothing soft music and rock version of Chocobo theme. It's like someone put rum rasin ice cream into a hotpot and force it down your throat ( don't try it. trust me it's really bad ) I personally like KOKIA (singer of Noel's theme song) long before and that might be part of the reason. The music of choice is really good at the most part of story until you get into battle or get on Chocobo.Mini games are fun until you get to like ... 50th times? one of those clock puzzle took me one full hour to solve it ( 13 numbers one ) and there're 3-7 of these on each set of puzzle.BUT !If you considerd the one before this. This is a HUGE improvement. Game can be replayable with alternate ending also part of npcs will react base on who is your party leader. So you can play a few more time and still get a new dialog. Combat is much more deeper with pokemon like system. Less grinding and more on explore side (unless you want something extra like super duper ultimate weapon you will have to farm for it) Story .... story still ..meh but not bad. Most of the part make more sense. plus Serah is 10 times cuter than her sister really fun to be with.
,Not Recommended,292140,14803263,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Corban,"Until a patch is released to make the game playable, I highly recommend waiting. Currently the game crashes for me immediately after the square logo. Awaiting technical support from square, and I may modify this review if resolved."
,Not Recommended,292140,14803682,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Quinine!,"ProBetter than the port of FF13. Some graphical options, albeit limited.ConThe story is really bad. It's about time travel and it doesn't make sense and it's not presented well to the audience.Serah's motion capture actress plays way melodramatically. Also she is uncanny valley-tier.Battles are strategically mindless. Often, there are only one or two optimal ways to defeat a boss at a certain point if you are normal level... it's like, surprise, there's no practical way to beat this boss without Esuna. Go and grind some monsters until you get Esuna.Battles consist of switching paradigms back and forth to attack or defend, which gets really ♥♥♥♥ing old after the first few times.Battles are an incomprehensible ♥♥♥♥♥how of random people attacking and interrupting each other with an overload of particle effects.You get to control one character during a battle and just kind of hope that the AI for your allies isn't going to go potato mode.Your character can jump, but the geometry is so bad that you'll constantly get caught on invisible objects.I tried really hard to like this game."
,Recommended,292140,20962793,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Pao!!,"+ New Crystarium Systems+ Tame and Build Monster as your allies !+ 160 quests included the side quests+ Not too linear story like FFXIII+ Better Story with 8 paradox (alternate) stories !+ Cinematic action sequence+ Great Musics+ Cute Moogle & Chocolina !+ Challenging Achievements+ Have a great, persistent and interesting villain in the series- Limited FPS because in-game frame rate pacer- Same enemies model in all areas, the only different only their color and their roles.- Normal mode feels like easy mode- No English Voiceover, only Subtitles- English VO only available outside Asia Region :(Spoiler warning: Plot and/or ending details followWhen i finished the game, i realize that FFXIII-2 have an unfinished ending and it will be finished on LRFFXIII. Some stories also doesn't told completely like stories when Alyssa meet Caius, what happened on Hope after Serah & Noel go to Dying World 700 AF and the continuing story of Snow's journey to the Sunleth Waterscape in 300 AF.If you willing to know the whole complete stories, i recommended you to find a ""Final Fantasy XIII-2 Fragments After"" book scan in the internet.Gameplay : 9/10Story : 10/10Music : 10/10Graphics : 8/10Overall Score : 9/10, I definitely recommend FFXIII-2 to everyone !"
,Recommended,292140,27731573,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,(´・ω・)っ由,dress up sim 8/10
76561198008821762,Recommended,292140,27775021,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,防风巨头,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥plz buy!
76561197978205391,Recommended,292140,27675345,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KOEK.jpg,"To me, it's unfortunate that the string of Final Fantasy games that were released with the main number of XIII are written off as lousy games. Yes, they all have flaws, but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy playing them. FF XIII-2 is a prime example of such a game.When you release a sequel, the game will inevitably be compared to the source material and I'll do such a thing here as well. While I personally enjoyed XIII, it has received its fair share of critizism. The complaints were mainly aimed at the long tutorial sequence, the linear gameplay and the convoluted story. It also had some other issues, such as a long transition time between the first paradigm shift (the battle system in these games) and the sometimes uninteresting or downright annoying characters.Square seemed to have done something about most complaints with the sequel. For starters, the opening level (playing as Lightning, the protagonist of the first game) is pretty interesting and while the tutorial sequence with Serah (Lightning's little sister) is a bit tedious again, it doesn't drag on for hours to come. Besides that, there are many ways to explore and revisit different regions and they give the player more options to choose from and more routes to follow. This is probably the biggest change compared to its predecessor and it really helps the game.I myself embrace most of the changes they made compared to the first game. Like I said, I enjoyed XIII, but most annoyances I had with the first game are removed. For instance, it took me about 60 hours to finish XIII and a few sidequests but it took me ANOTHER 65 hours to wrap up every achievement in the game, including having to grind the toughest enemy of the game in the hope of getting an item I needed for every weapon available. It's way less tedious to complete everything in XIII-2, with the chocobo rider and slot machine achievements being the exceptions. Most battles are now avoidable, which is also a step up from XIII. They also improved and simplified the leveling system, sped up the first paradigm shift and gave us the opportunity to use monsters as part of the team.Another feature they added in this game is the possibility of alternate endings. While some can be found and viewed during your regular playthrough, most can only be seen after beating the final boss. That also brings us to the post-game content. There are many fragments in each world that serve as a sorts of collectibles. Some serve a purpose, for instance opening a portal to a new and unexplored world or timezone. Some are easier to find than others. The alternative endings you view also net you a fragment for that region. With the time map you use to explore the worlds, it's easy to see if you have found every fragment in that world and time zone. What's even more interesting is that you have the power to ""rewind"" a certain section of the game, meaning you can go back and play that part of the story as if you had never set foot on the world before. This serves as a fun way to kill time and make sure you have explored every nook and cranny of the game.The biggest drawback of XIII is the story. While XIII's story was convoluted and complicated if you didn't take the time to read TONS of story-related content in your menu, XIII-2's story is just too simple. Every problem in the world has to do with time paradoxes and time-travel (which is a key part of the gameplay as well) and they can all be resolved by fixing said paradoxes. That's as straightforward as it can get. The game has a really interesting enemy in the form of Caius Ballad, though he's mainly made interesting by some stellar voice acting by Liam O'Brien. The fights with him are especially very epic and the first battle with Caius proves a hefty challenge if you don't level up some more. It's too bad he didn't get as much screen time he deserved.That being said, the game is still very much enjoyable. If you can look past the obvious plotholes, or timeholes if you will (badun tss), XIII-2 will give you a fun time exploring the wonderful world of Pulse in an abundance of time zones. The music, the graphics and especially the gameplay make for a game I wouldn't mind completing over and over. I hope you'll give it a chance - and enjoy it as much as I did!"
,Recommended,292140,14879589,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,realavatarc,"Highly recommended for FF fans, despite its average-to-weak story, everything else is spot on.Battles, environments, collectibles and all RPG elements are excellent and manage to draw you into the chaotic time pool of FFXIII-2.Taming a very rare monster, beating the strongest enemies or finding the best hidden treasures feels very rewarding, as these details can change the difficulty and strategic gameplay a lot, giving you new ways to approach future battles and monster hunting.And when you wish to take a break from the storyline or your hunting expeditions, you can always chill out at the ""Amusement Park"" with traditional chocobo races and ""gambling"" mini games.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,292140,26958298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enfo,"Quite an underdog in the FF universe, but tons of hours of fun gameplay disregarding the mediocre storyline."
76561198040601012,Recommended,292140,26971139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dRockz,"I will start by saying that overall it is a good game. I feel it falls a little short of the 'wow' factor that FFXIII had, but it also has its own moments.Characters are ok, with all of the originals (main cast) returning in some way or another. Noel is not a bad addition to the cast and his overall arc is decent. Sarah (who I never really liked anyways) is still the same innocent/clueless girl she seemed like in the first game and was maybe the worst part about the game to me personally. I felt like her arc was almost non-existant.Overall story was good, not great. I liked to whole timeline element they had going, but I feel like they could have done a little bit more with it to really feel like what you were doing in the past made a difference.The soundtracks were probably the best part of the game for me. I thought most of them fit the game really well and were very well done.If you liked the first FFXIII game then I reccomend playing this one too."
,Recommended,292140,27071894,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shiro,good game
76561198238791802,Recommended,292140,26353792,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MadeInChina,"I don't know why some people hate this or what ever,but I personally love this game ♥ and the graphic is also awesome."
,Recommended,292140,18908476,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,aiSu,"I enjoyed every moment of this game. After playing FF13 and this, the story has become much more interesting to me and I can't wait for the final installment.And I've actually grown to like the combat system. At first I thought it was complicated, but now I've realized how much more interactive it makes the game. Although long battles are a pain.-Just like its prequel, the game looks beautiful, especially during cinematic cutscenes.- Music and voice acting were superb.-I didn't experience any technical issues during my playtime, and the game ran pretty smoothly all the time.If you liked Final Fantasy 13, I'm sure you'll like this too.Even though the story/gameplay might get a little bit confusing with all the time travelling etc, it's not too bad.Also there are some nice new features, like Live Trigger and Cinematic Actions."
76561198067808906,Not Recommended,292140,26758481,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,London,"So here it is, my least favorite Final Fantasy title ever. The setting is uninteresting. Story plot feels unconnected from the previous game. It feels like a spin-off more than a sequel. Basically you play as a pinkhead girl with her new mate, do time traveling, monster catching, and some other stuffs. Check out some gameplay videos and see if you like that or not. Personally, I found it sort of medicore. It'd be okay to play only if it ran well on your pc which is likely not. It runs Horrible and unreasonable at all, even worse than the XIII. I rarely judged games based on performance nor optimization but this one deserves it. I just reinstalled the game to checked it, and after 2 years sinced released, the result is the same. It doesn't seem to maximize using the resource at all (My pc usage is mostly at ~30% when running it, AMD processor). Gotta say this is the worst pc port game I've ever experienced. If you like the gameplay that much, well you might ok with it. Other than that, just avoid it or at least the pc version of it."
,Recommended,292140,26856811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JUST,"This is straight up my favorite final fantasy.The music is great, the story isn't ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥like ffxiii, the protagonist isn't a ♥♥♥♥ing wall that expresses emotion using the same tone of voice, and the difficulty is more balanced.Speaking of the difficulty the game starts our relativly easy, and stays easy until you decide you're hot♥♥♥♥♥♥and try to take on an optional boss that if you choose to fight is challengeing and is extremely rewarding."
,Recommended,292140,26837421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nick,"It has combat like FF13, but without the hours of hand holding. It's probably the best game in the FF13 series and is the most important in the series' story. It runs similarly to FF13 which isn't great, but it's good enough to have an enjoyable experience. It has good quality CGI and has both Japanese and English voiceovers as options which is nice."
,Recommended,292140,27188247,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ryong,"It's certainly full of weird quirks - the leveling system, for one - but it's a surprisingly good game."
76561198060725227,Not Recommended,292140,25222270,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Name,Pros+ Plenty to do !+ Great worlds and atmosphere !+ You can tame monsters and use them to fight with you !+ OSTCons- Bad port (You'll have to bear certain issues no matter what)- Only 2 main characters during the story mode- Travelling through all those worlds and searching for rare items might require a game guide
76561198059784655,Not Recommended,292140,28916544,Posted: 1 January,all,Fargonaut,♥♥♥♥♥poor PC port.
76561198038515835,Recommended,292140,28940189,Posted: 2 January,all,Jolin Tsai,Caius Ballad made me thumbs up this game.
76561198159791453,Recommended,292140,28892327,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,oOShiroTenshiOo,good gameplay but bad port
,Recommended,292140,28955864,Posted: 2 January,all,Thundrakion,"This game is great so far, Despite the issues of the BUZZING on my MSI GL72 6QF unless I put it into WIN8 compatibility mode and it crashing should the steam overlay and cloud sync be on (IDK which caused the problem, I just turned them both off). Despite an occational frame skip (Particularly during cutscenes with the in-game models and Quick Time Events) or screen tear, the game is awesome! just needs a few tweeks for WIN10..."
76561198066315548,Recommended,292140,28980499,Posted: 3 January,all,Crunkmagic,"Wonderful game. 5/5. I am replaying it on PC after my PS3 died and was unable to finish it.However, be prepared for the game to crash on PC. There is a problem with the cloud save feature that sometimes it will crash because it is turned on and other times different locations/times will not load if it is turned off. Fixing it is easy but annoying, you will just need to alternate between having cloud save on and off. Which you can do WHILE the game is running. Remembering to do this has stopped it from crashing too much :p4/5 because of the crashes, otherwise a pretty great game."
76561198041979992,Not Recommended,292140,30071875,Posted: 20 February,all,James9023,FF XIII-2 was such an amazing game on PS3 but it's simply unplayable with how frequently the game crashes. Do not buy this game because you'll never be able to make any progress because anytime you try to save or if the game tries to load any kind of cutscene the game will crash. I can't even make it past the second chapter. Such a shame because I really loved this game.
76561198042049670,Recommended,292140,22926951,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TheBlackCarlo,"Basically it's a great game ported somewhat badly.You need a quite powerful rig and even with it you could see framerate drops.The story is enjoyable (provided you played XIII) and the gameplay is great. I mean, you can use chocobo as pokemons. Do you really need more?The battle system has to be one of the best of the entire franchise, it never feels stale and the save feature for the paradigms and monster packs is there not only for show, but as a necessity for quick shift in tactics.Also the tutorial is over with a couple of battles and the whole battle system is unlocked very soon (unlike in XIII)."
,Not Recommended,292140,14479226,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Gosuren,It's been 2 months since this game has been released on PC. There is a major graphics issue related to the framerate drop. Still waiting for the fix until I can play this at 60 FPS constant.
76561198274312425,Recommended,292140,22753106,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,wthompso,"Great game. Disregard the recommended specs on the store page, It's pretty intense on your gpu so make sure you have a really high end gpu in order to run this smoothly. I figure a bad port is the reason for all the negative reviews."
76561198009578765,Not Recommended,292140,30201054,Posted: 26 February,all,Anthony,"Really bad port. I successfully managed to boot the game exactly one time. I played through the introduction, where they explain the battle system to you, and stopped for the day.The next day, I tried to boot the game, only to hear an annoying buzzing sound while the game was running. A quick Google search found a way to resolve the issue, and I booted into the game momentarily -- then it crashed. I rebooted the game, but would run into the ""Final Fantasy XIII-2 is not responding"" error incessantly. So I undid the fix for the buzzing issue (which was essentially just to run the game in Vista compatability mode, and as an administrator), and the buzzing issue unsurprisingly re-appeared.At that point, I simply requested a refund. Clearly Square-Enix put no effort into porting or testing this game for Steam."
,Recommended,292140,29575481,Posted: 29 January,all,notepad.exe,"Great game, but unfortunatly this port makes it nearly unplayable. I'm really wishing for a fix or patch to this game some time in the future. Such a shame.[EDIT] - The game is playable if you have a high-end PC and you cap it at 30FPS; and using a controller strangely fixes the stuttering. The game will still occasionally have minor frame drops and lagging but it isn't unbearable. A customer still shouldn't have to go to such lengths though."
,Recommended,292140,31152842,Posted: 15 April,all,Shibby,"Posting this mainly so it'll help others. I bought this game a few years back and have never been able to play it until now. It was a mess on windows 8/10. After installing the new Windows 10 Creators update the game now runs perfectly in fullscreen with working audio! Only thing I had to do was disable steam cloud to stop the crashes. Now playing in a crash free 1080p @ 60fps constant! (i7 6700k - GTX 1060)It's a fantastic addition to the Final Fantasy 13 series vastly improving on the first game in almost every way. Loving the battle system and the open world! My advice to those who are saying it's a horrible port which it was, is to update to the latest version of windows 10 and try it again. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,292140,27706898,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,David,"MUCH better than the first Final Fantasy 13. I very much enjoyed this game...right up until the ending. Didn't care for the ""official"" ending. This was a game about using time travel to make a better tomorrow...but at what cost? Fortunately, the first/official ending unlocks the Paradox Scope, which allows you to continue playing the game and jumping around the timeline, discovering and unlocking other alternative endings. I wish those endings had longer cut scenes to feel more like an alternative ""full"" ending...not just a consolation prize. Still, the game itself is rich, fun, entertaining, and if you're a fan of Final Fantasy or time travel, you'll certainly enjoy this game. I loved it."
76561198056119776,Recommended,292140,28299195,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bornbyforce,"For clarification the comments refer to the previous version of this review.OK, Let me start with what I don't like about it:1. Generally, any sequel is a bit of a slaughtering of the original. Not just because it is essentially ""milking it"" but also because we have lived in an original world and now we are distorting that original.2. I did not like the cliffhanger at the end. Particularly that it leads to the disaster that the Lightning Returns was.3. The markers of map are confusing. Sometimes a lot.OK, what do I like about it:1. I like the transitioning of characters. They are quite real. You can accept that character turning to this. They match their world and they feel, even more than the first episode, like the older games of the series.2. It is a bit of a difficult game but not too much. They have successfully managed to create a world in which you would be rewarded by doing more side quests.3. Without going into spoiling stuff, the physics of the game and everything about it which has changed has not really broken your link to the original. It is well enough that after a year of playing them you may not exactly remember what fight was in which game unless you try to remember the story sequence leading to it.And to address an old argument: The original is often called a tunnel simulator. It is often criticized for being linear. Well I don't care personally, but yes, this one is less linear. But not even close to an open world.Overall? If you liked the first one, give it a try. It's fun. But ignore the end so you won't be tempted to try the 3rd."
,Not Recommended,292140,28893004,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PiggySaysOmNomNom,"Having owned this on ps3 I was quite excited to get it on sale for pc.   Yet as I install having met max requirements.   This game is out played by the first title in this trilogy, FF13.   I don't know what it is that makes this game so darn laggy over ff13.   Its like playing a ps2 emulator on a pc that doesn't have the proccessing power.  Cutscenes run good, but get into exploration and battles. it lags.    With everything closed out, it still lags. -.-So in short, if you have something better then the max requirements this thing demands, maybe you can get 30+FPS.   But if you meet max requirements, your stuck with stuttering 20fps.Or better yet, invest 20 or 40 dollars into the ps3/xbox 360 version of this game shold you own them consoles.  Where it still remains jaw dropping gorgeous and doesn't lag.EDIT 4/17/2017:  Note: Added 8more gb of ram.So around march I installed some ram, went form 8gb to 16gb.   Then had a thought.   Will this game play smoothly with the added ram.  SO i reinstalled it a week ago and just got around to playing it today only to find yeah.   quite noticably.  Minus a few action heavy scenes it does indeed play smoothly now.   Of course started a new game just to test it out and only just arrived in bresha ruins for the first time, so I dunno how the later parts of the game is affected.  But I still stand at my vie of this game until I can progress to later parts of the game."
76561198296331274,Not Recommended,292140,30498851,Posted: 13 March,all,kilamnworb1,"Review on Final Fantasy XIII-21. Intro.2. Problems/Why this is Honestly Not Recommended.3. Advice and Recommended to play.4. Finale.1. Intro.First, If you Have Windows 10, dont buy this. Most problems are held buy people with Windows 10 but not held by others. It isn't properly supported, dont get it.Next, I've played this game for 200+ hrs,By saying this, most gamers understand the amount of experience I have with this story-based game that can be finished in 40-70 hrs, compared to an angry review after 2-10hrs of blindly butting heads with the terrible *edit* bad, port. This is a review by someone who has played through this game for a significant amount of time.2. Why this should Honestly Not be Recommended,a) This review is from a gamer that played this PC version for months I want to say that I Honestly think this is a great game brought from the PS3, but the performance put out by the port isnt very good. Unless your PC runs at some amazing stats, Its hard to play at anything other than the base image settings and the FPS is still pretty bad.b) One of the Biggest problems happens during Cinematic Cutscenes, your game will try to load a lot of new information and also try to autosave which worked on the console, however the longer you play the game, the more information the game will tryto process. i.e. completed/ongoing quests, certain events that need to be implemented, and the biggest thing are Savestates which will take a significant amount of processinging all occuring in the small amount of time oof moving between the world you are in, and the World Select. Whenever you transition between worlds, which in mid to late game is a significant amout of times, this game will try to load , process and save all at the same time. During the early game this problem isn't very apparent, but at 40+ hrs, the change becomes much more apparent, eventually past 100+ hrs triggering even small cutscenes, which automatically load and autosave at the same time, will often crash the game, causing whatever progress was made to all feel worthless. While the game itself is fun and engaging, with a great story, and  good design, the PC version has its issues.c) Occasionally, if the amount of data in your Savestate is fairly high, (100+ hrs worth, but possibly less.) Steamcloud, where all default savestates are managed will randomly""move"", essentually deleting them. Meaning that they are no longer accessable to you from your Main Menu or found any where in your PC's Files, leaving only the New Game option available.3. Recommended and advicea) Steamcloud shouldn't be turned on while playing this game. There is a warning on the Launcher stating that processing may take longer because of Steamclouds synchronisation with the servor. The fact that there is any kind of Warning on the launcher should be a clear indicator that there is a problem.There will be planty of times that SteamCloud will start synchronizing and crash your game. It would be best if you played this while in offline mode, the trophies may be fun to get but if you want to enjoy this game its not worth the risk's.b)  Make sure you create an independent Save file location that is not managed by Steam. Frequently delete unnecessary savestates, and you can keep the amount of information processed farther on in the game to a more manageable amount.c)  Keep your settings low, again this port isn't the most capable, during the early game when the amount of data being processed is rather low, it should be fine to raise the settings to whatever your PC can handle, just remember that even if your game runs fairly smoothly later on in the game, cutscenes and loading processing requirements will grow at a steepening curve. Whatever you can do to help your game run smoothly even at the cost of quality is worth it.d) Look up Crysterium and Monster Guides before you leave the first world. Like others in the FF Series this Game will seem fairly easy at first, but even moreso then prievious games, it will absolutly punish unknowing mistakes, stopping you from even reaching the late game, let alone post game. Leveling the Crysterium (Essentually Levels) is an irreversable process, that if left to a novice will cause any small mistakes in building your character, that might not be so relevent early on, will become devestating to those that want to enjoy the late game.d.i)  Monsters play a huge role in this game, and just like with Crysterium, are a major part of the game that will eventually be the focus of your team, as in they will be the party member that you recruit, train, and carry you through the game.d.ii) While its not neccesary to look up guides on these to succeed, it is reccommended, finding the Hidden Monster(s), that can become the Gods to carry you through late game and final bosses. Finding the correct Infusiuon Recipes to build them into said Gods, finding which monsters youll need to grind for in certain conditons. And realising before you kill certain indespensible and unrespawnable monsters that you actually need them and should save in front of them and soft reset if you dont get it until you do.4.Altogether this is a great game. I would say that this Port has to many problems that havent been corrected, and can only be managed by the user who pays the full price for this, but then has to do the providers job of making it usable in order to actually play this. After playing over 200+ hrs on the PC version of this game I can say that for those who still want to purchase this after reading this review, follow the above recommended advice, and hopefully someday this game will be Patched enough That I can honestly Recommend this to prospecting FF Players."
,Recommended,292140,31235100,Posted: 19 April,all,GazzaMan262,"Personally......it's better then the 1st (Both storylines aren't the best). The taming skill is fun but also annoying.Reasons why this is better:*With the previous leveling system it was very daunting on grinding, This one is fun.*Mog*The story is actually interesting (compared to the 1st one hard to follow)*poker =)*the ability to replay an event (This is the good'n)Why it isn't:Serah and noel too soopytime trials i recommend MUTE (as mog will make you go mad)going to and throw. Expect to jump in and out of timelinesStory can get abit toooooo much but not to badThe best part is when the story end, I would recommend a guide for the wild artificats or your going to end up going wrong.My question if this game is half decent why did the story go so wrong in 13?I do have lag issues mainly with Atlas and places that rain.....But i've played games in worse conditions and mine computer isn't the best about and i can get through it.So if your looking for a random ff game this is it.....Mind you i did miss this one and go to lightening return (another good'n).Let's hope that story gets better as time goes on......"
76561198072858081,Recommended,292140,30815867,Posted: 29 March,all,Ciri,Needs more Lightning!!!
76561198246603238,Not Recommended,292140,31269385,Posted: 20 April,all,gme_mattlas,"Well, as an FF fan, XIII-2 is a 7 out of 10 for me, it's not a good Final Fantasy but it's decent, and the framerate is horrible even when set on the lowest settings. Everything plays in slow motion. Plus, the game crashes from time to time. You MUST own a high-quality computer to fully enjoy XIII-2 old game. The PC port is absolute garbage for most people. What a complete waste of $20. Now, I will never be able to finish XIII-2 or play Lightning Returns, unless I buy a PS3 and games? NO!"
,Not Recommended,292140,19154984,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dave,Not Recommended
,Recommended,292140,30254624,Posted: 28 February,all,xent,"Final Fantasy 13-2, the second installment in this trilogy. I'm not sure if i want to love it or hate it... When i first heard about FF13-2 after having played FF13 i imagined a different story. IMO this story feels much weaker to me, especially Noel... I imagined him to be more older? Rough around the edges. But we get this 18 year old boy that looks a lot like Sora from Kingdom Hearts.It's not all bad, love the game mechanic. Especially because there is nothing miss-able. You can always reset the timeline and make different choices. It also looks like Square have taken notes from FF13 so... Monsters drop Gill again. to make it short here are some pros & cons.PRO:- Nothing is miss-able (you have a time machine)- Battles have Money reward again.- No insane driving mini games. (still got migraines from FF10 & FF10-2)- No need for level grindingCons:- Weak Characters (Noel's story isn't believable)- Loading screens drive me insane- Weak story because of main characters.I wish there was a Mixed button, A simple Yes or No recommendation is Hard to give for this game for me its a 5/10. so recommendation is only YES because of boyishness and that it isn't all bad."
76561198069001788,Not Recommended,292140,21668358,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yokai,"First of, this is my first Review and I didn't even finish it yet. 7 FPS on LOW Quality killed the game for me already. I tried overclocking my Graphicscard to get some better results, but nothing changed ... it's just a really really bad port. I even daubt the game uses the Graphicscard, since NOT even over/under clocking changed the Framerate."
76561198016159410,Not Recommended,292140,32330147,Posted: 10 June,all,Voidstar,"As far as I can tell this port simply isn't reliable: it crashed on me several times when it tried to auto-save or when I manually saved and when I followed the suggestions online to turn off Cloud save, it simply started to fail to save, and then proceeded to crash in combat.As for the game itself: it could be the best JRPG ever designed, I simply haven't had the chance to find out.If the developers cannot be bothered to make a stable product then they don't deserve our money. Avoid."
76561198074743040,Recommended,292140,32904793,Posted: 27 June,all,Carnifex,Nice
76561198230464808,Recommended,292140,33219770,Posted: 4 July,all,BlackD0g0102,"So far the game is just as I remember, buggy and poorly optimized but on pc its like they didnt even try the fact the game crash at any more espically when youre trying to save is a hard pill to swallow the game is good if you can run it..."
,Recommended,292140,34470456,Posted: 24 August,all,Golden Sun Josh,"The music in this game is my favourite from most of my PC games. Its awesome how the combat songs are remixes of the exploration music. Its also great how there is singing in some of these songs. I genuinely found this game very enjoyable and really appreciated exploring. I think it lacks the vastness that some other final fantasy games have and the time travelling seems like an odd thing to throw into the story. I didn't play this game on playstation and didnt have any technical issues playing the game when I did so. Therefore, I figured it deserved some love."
76561197964577509,Not Recommended,292140,33249584,Posted: 4 July,all,AGENT Plant Manson ★O.S.I.★,"I'd rather go to the dentist than play this game to end.I found the first hour of this game to be so painfuly unenjoyable that in all seriousness I would have rather been at the dentist.The story is bad, the main character is Princess Peach from the last game, secondary character is wallpaper, it runs poorly, it runs poorly, it runs poorly, things like the skill tree run poorly!, the combat mechanics suck, the skill tree sucked, the music wasn't even Square music it was like some third party contracted J-pop, party system sucked, and the plot was terrible."
,Recommended,292140,33459705,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,"Final Fantasy XIII-2 was a good game in 2012 and it's, still, a cool JRPG to play on the PC. Even if the port to computers is not perfect, it's still a nice option to introduce yourself into the Lightning trilogy and enjoy the funniest and smart entry of the trilogy."
76561198175547071,Recommended,292140,34768915,Posted: 5 September,all,fueledbyvinyl,"The story isn't up there with the best of them, but I found the combat system enjoyable, as well as the time travelling aspect to all kinds of (very detailed I might add) settings. The soundtrack is amazing too!"
,Recommended,292140,34760463,Posted: 5 September,all,Friends in 2017 LUL,What the ♥♥♥♥ is even going on in this story.
76561198071310217,Recommended,292140,13319696,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Кytes,"Port is bad, game is bad, but since i'm close to completing all achievments there must be something that i enjoy therefore i recommend to try it at least."
76561198107779127,Recommended,292140,34670275,Posted: 1 September,all,toammar2006,very good Games.........
76561198110066008,Recommended,292140,34676198,Posted: 1 September,all,KingLightan,Square Enix PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX THIS PORT i loved it on the XBOX 360 i just want to be able to play it on my pc on 60 fps. SQUARE ENIX PLEASEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
76561198062102825,Recommended,292140,34832759,Posted: 9 September,all,Flinx,This is a very good game despite people writing negative reviews for it. A big step-up from the first game of the series. FF 13-2 fills the gaps its predecessor left.Pros:+ Gameplay has improved alot. The game gives you alot of freedom to explore.+ Excellent Sound Tracks+ The story is much better (IMO)Cons:- There are frame rate issues but it isn't as bad as some of the reviews make it out to be. The game still runs fine. I had tweak some settings in my GPU then the game runs smoothly.I will complete the review after I finish the game. The game is pretty vast and I'm really liking it so far.
,Recommended,292140,34853302,Posted: 9 September,all,Techman Gaming Network,"***WARNING POSSIBLE SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW***Getting past all the technical issues the game had at launch, (which has been patched away both officially and fan made), this game is by far way better than the first.  The graphics are about the same as XIII, as well as the combat is mostly the same, with a few exceptions.  However if there is one thing that is vastly superior in every way possible, it is the story.  Seriously, where XIII had a pretty dry story without any real surprise moments, XIII-2's story is the exact opposite in every way!  The twists and turns of time travel in XIII-2 reveal so much more to the original XIII story then was ever told in the previous game.  I emplore you, even if you absolutely hated the original XIII story, play this game to see how much better the story can actually get!"
,Recommended,292140,34945606,Posted: 14 September,all,method ツ,I may be a bad person to review this because Final Fantasy is my favorite game series ever. There is only one I didn't like and that was Final Fantasy 12 because it had problems that are fixe in The Zodiac Age. Let me start by saying No I have not had any issue with frame drops or any other issues except for the buzzing audio which was fixed by running compatibility moe for windows vista. That aside it was not the best story ever but it is a great go between for FFXIII and Lightning Returns. It gives you all you need to know about FFXII and enough to get you interested in Lightning Returns. My only real gripe with the game is the metal music during bosses fights. Now I love metal of all kinds but it is too fast for how thoughtful some of the fights need to be. I can recommend this game for the above reasons. I had alot of fun completing this game I will continue to play it too 100% completion. As of right now I love wandering around looking at scenary and fighting endless droves of monsters trust me if you are a fan of Final Fantasy its worth a play. And I know I said endless droves of monsters but if you are a fan of this game you live for random encounters.Overall: 9/10
,Recommended,292140,34957626,Posted: 14 September,all,0xB0,"Is it buggy on PC? Yup, quite. The game crashed a few times during my playthrough (thankfully early in the game). The biggest culprit seemed to be trying to save in the Historia Crux menu. The framerate also really struggled throughout.But, those issues aside, I'm glad I played through this, mostly to hear some more excellent compositions from Naoshi Mizuta and co. The music is solid and quite a bit different from other FF titles. Both FFXIII and FFXIII-2 have some of my favorite boss themes in the entire franchise.The game is a lot easier than FFXIII and is fun to speedrun through. I appreciate that the game feels a lot different thematically from FFXIII. Tis fun and unique, do recommend."
,Not Recommended,292140,14696778,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Snovi's Rusty Barnabus,"The game is really fun, however in its current state the port is unplayable. Sometimes cutscenes and battles won't load; heavy lag is also commonplace on decent RIGs that use NVIDIA. Square Enix needs to update this port."
76561198165480221,Not Recommended,292140,23319864,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,pinkfloydinspace,This game crashes more than Crash Bandicoot! Great graphics for a PS3 game if you are ok with confusing a storyline and a game crashing and a bug not allowing you to save after hours of playing and having to shut your game off and losing your progress. Beyond frustrating.
76561198046518060,Recommended,292140,35233186,Posted: 26 September,all,Tsukio,"This game was a real surprise. After trying and failing to slog through the corridor grind fest that was FFXIII, I decided to skip about a third of the game and move on to the next one.After filling myself in about some key story details through the power of the internet, I jumped into 13-2 and was rewarded with my favourite character doing badass things, in a badass fight and it instantly gripped me.Jump forward to when we finally get to control our character in a non-cinematic environment, and I'm hit by the first stunning OST by Naoshi Mizuta (in particular, the song Run) and I was hooked.This game is old, and even the computer port is gone and done some years ago, but I would reccomend this game wholeheartedly to anyone that enjoys at least the setting and some of the characters from 13, and if you either enjoy or can stomach the ATB style of combat, this game will provide little challenge for you to experience  the (somewhat confusing but still worthwhile) story."
