user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007522164,Recommended,292120,23286543,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Measure,"From what I have gathered, this game is somewhat controversial. I have 3 playthroughs now, looking forward to a 4th, and I would like to bring up a few points and offer my opinions, that potential players might have a better perspective on the game beforehand. This review will be quite lengthy, for there is a lot to cover, even scratching the surface as I am. I assure you there are no story spoilers.Journey - The game is very linear. The first 80% of the story takes you on a singular path from one locale to the next, with little deviation, before it opens up into the main side-questing hub. (Firsttime players: at this point, I strongly advise following the map and pressing on with the main story for the best experience; there will be plenty of time later to complete this content, and you will be much better prepared.) Those of you looking for a cohesive, story-driven rpg that will keep you glued to your controller for 40 hours before you even get to the endgame, look no further.Story - An intricate and well-developed plot replete with heroism, hope, despair, and intrigue. Consciously make sure you develop a firm understanding of the terms being used (l'Cie, fal'cie, etc.), or you will find yourself a bit confused often. The game introduces the story in a very logical way, and if you diligently read the journal entries, you may find yourself thoroughly immersed. The characters are very human (if sometimes melodramatic), and the overall experience was satisfying and complete.Presentation - The polish in this game is quite astounding. The graphical style of the characters seems to deviate just enough from photorealism to avoid the uncanny valley, yet be very believeable; and I found myself often taking time away from the story to just stare at the environments for a bit. The soundtrack is phenomenal, sound design is very pleasing, and the voice acting is absurdly well done. If there was such a thing as a quadruple A title, this would be one.Combat - Combat starts almost insultingly simple, but evolves into an extremely tactical and customizable aspect of the game. The systems used are quite novel, and somewhat difficult to describe. Your party maximum is 3 members, but you only control the party leader, and the commands you select are executed when your command queue (called ATB gauge, which charges within seconds at a set rate over time) finishes charging. This makes combat a much faster and action oriented experience than the customary Final Fantasy turn-based combat. Another aspect of combat is the paradigm system, wherein you save up to 6 builds (called paradigms in the game) for your party (out of combat) by specifying each member's role. These paradigms can then be cycled through (called paradigm shift) on-the-fly in combat to fit the given situation. There are 6 different role types. Put simply: tank, healing, damage, damage multiplier increasing, debuffing, and buffing. There is a ton of potential for diversity here. In order to survive many battles post-game, careful timing, thoughtful planning, and equipment tailored to the situation will all be required.Progression - This is one of my favorite things about the game. While the system for leveling up is arguably as linear as the story to a certain degree, it simply cannot be denied that there is a vast and satisfying journey to be had in regards to increasing your party's strength. The game's EXP is used to purchase abilities and stat upgrades from giant role 'skill/stat trees' (for lack of a better term). All 6 roles have their own trees, and eventually become accessible to everyone, but each character is 'native' to specific roles, meaning that progression with EXP through their native trees is much cheaper. This essentially means that your characters will be limited in their individual role capabilities until you are well past the end of the story. Maxing out each tree is possible, but it is an extremely daunting goal that will take many hours of post-game play to achieve, so there is a certain definite replayability in the way you level up your characters. At a certain point, you can also decide which 3 of 6 party members you utilize as your active party, and who you use as party leader (all of which can be changed at any time, once available). The role trees will be your primary source of progression, but upgrading weapons will increase their damage stat (there are 2 damage stats: strength and magic) boosts, and earlier in the game you will also find it useful to use accessories to boost your stats.Endgame - As mentioned earlier, some of the endgame content is actually accessible before you finish the story. The trick here is that most of the encounters in this area will either leave you sweating by the end, or simply have you die within the first 10 seconds from a single blow. There are 64 side quests in the game, with some of them actually being woven into and required to complete for the main story. Each quest is essentially a boss enemy you are tasked with hunting down, and the 'quest givers' (term used to avoid plot details) are spread throughout a great portion of the game. To offset this, there is a fast travel network you unlock as you complete certain quests. Generally, the higher the quest number, the more difficult the boss and the better the item and EXP rewards. The fact that there are enemies that can simply wipe the floor with you by hardly trying is one of the things that makes this such a fun experience for me. Because eventually, if you do enough side quests, farm some of the more lucrative quests (quests are repeatable), and obtain the right equipment, you will eventually be more than a match for that enemy. And those groups you were sweating to beat when the quest hub unlocked will die in seconds. Other activities aside from questing include working at completing a robust set of achievements, upgrading your weapons to their ultimate forms (very expensive), upgrading your accessories, and maxing out role trees.Replayability - As mentioned earlier, there is some replayability value in the design of the role tree system, and which 3 characters you choose to have your experience with when the feature is unlocked. There is also a choice to make for each character: that is if you are specializing them for strength or magic or both, in regards to weapon choice. Some characters may be more naturally inclined to one stat over the other, but it's still your choice. Personally, I think that perhaps the story itself is one of the greatest advocates for replayability. Despite its extreme linearity, it was an amazing and intense journey that I look back fondly on.Beginner Tips - 1.Once you start gaining experience, don't rush the game and skip encounters. Doing so will leave you much weaker once you near the end of the story, and you will really just be making the game uncomfortably difficult for yourself. 2.Best defense is a good offense here most of the time. 3.Paradigm shift. A lot. 4.Grab ATB and accessory upgrades from the role trees asap.Other opinions - As far as hearsay regarding this game in comparison to FFXIII-2 and FFXIII-3: The second and third games seemed little more than truly terrible fan fiction to me, and featured some awful game mechanic and interface changes/additions. I simply can't understand why anyone would claim that they were an improvement over this game in any way whatsoever. Unfortunately, I found that the only way to preserve the memory of the wonderful characters I came to know and love in this game was to pretend that the second and third games do not even exist. Story and mechanics aside, they are absolutely abysmal ports, with the first game being BY FAR the best optimized port of the three. FFXIII is the masterpiece, people.Closing - If you've taken the time to read this entire review, I hope you've gained a better understanding of what to expect from this game, and wish you a very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,292120,12475663,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ash.ZA,"This game has a tremendous polarizing effect on gamers. Either you love it, or you hate it. Hence I'm not surprised to see such mixed reviews. (Of course, the poor port is adding fuel to the negative flames, but I'll address my views on that later on).So here is where I am coming from; I have NEVER played a Final Fantasy game. This is my entry point into the franchise. I have played JRPGs but not on the PC, PS3 or Xbox; only old-school stuff like Sword of Mana on the Gameboy.I did not expect much from the game, as whilst I patiently waited for it to download, I read almost exclusively negative feedback on steam and on the internet. I tried to ignore it, yet it did leave a sour taste. I launched the game expecting the PC to practically burst into flames. Hence my extreme surprise at how much I am genuinely enjoying myself.I expected the game to be ""unplayable"". Touch wood, but the game has not yet crashed/stuttered/glitched whilst I have been playing it. I have not needed to tweak Nvidia settings besides fiddling with V-sync; I did this after I had some lag in one battle with 6 or so enemies. After switching it off, the lag didn't happen again (I don't know if that was conicidence or not). My computer is not state of the art. I could list the specs but, really, it's not the newest nor the best. However, it does exceed the minimum and recommended specs listed below. I think that perhaps one should bear that in mind when buying this game; I don't know how well it will run on either listed specs. Perhaps ensure that you either hit recommended or exceed it.Now, about the port. Yes, I wish the resolution wasn't fixed/I could adjust graphics or sound in game/the file size wasn't so damn large. But honestly? I am really captivated by this game. Perhaps this is due to me being fresh-faced. Perhaps I don't have preconceived standards for JRPGs and SE and FF. But, to me, the game looks magnificent and beautiful. I haven't even bothered to download the resolution fix because I'm enjoying the game as it is. Just as a side note, I am using a controller but I played for a bit with the keyboard and it was highly manageable. I prefer using the controller simply because I think the buttons have been mapped appropriately.Now the actual game itself. The issues I saw on the internet about the game mainly revolved around A) a confusing story B) linearity C) rubbish characters. Here is what I think; The story really isn't that confusing. I have spent a bit of time reading the in-game datalog but I'm following it just fine. The game is linear at the beginning, but it hasn't exactly irked me up to this point like I expected it to. In fact, I needed the slow, linear, tutorialized start because I am completely new to the game style. In terms of characters, they all are fantastic. Yes, the infamous Vanille is poorly English voice acted and makes, um, extremely strange sighs and moans. At one point I turned to my sister and said, ""This sounds like a dodgy adult film."" But she is overshadowed by the incredible Lightning Farron and Sazh. Lightning is a badass, yet her pain and inner conflict is so evident and tangible. Sazh is just great. Plus he has an afro with a chocobo chick just chilling inside it, try and not find that adorable.The combat is REALLY great. I was worried it would bore me, but it has not as of yet. With the tougher enemies you need to micro-manage the fights intently; using Paradigm Shift has been a really interesting strategy and I'm starting to use it to my advantage. Combat is rewarding and I feel as though this game hits just the right difficulty; not too hard, not too easy. Just right for you to enjoy yourself yet still be challenged, without getting frustrated. This is so rare to find in a game.I know my views conflict with others, yet I reiterate again; I come from a fresh-faced point of view. I had low expectations that were exceeded by this game. If you are a first timer to the franchise, I hope your experience will be similar and as engaging as mine."
76561198093619159,Recommended,292120,32612950,Posted: 21 June,all,TSM Miley Dyrus,"I bought this game in an atempt to get into Final Fantasy. I've never played any other games from the franchise, so bear with me because I don't know what to expect from a FInal Fantasy game.So I decided to pick up this game after many many years of seeing people go crazy over final fantasy at conventions like PAX and recently E3. So I looked for the latest single player version (I refuse to pick up any more MMOs) and found this one. Bought it despite of the mixed reviews.I'm a few hours in game, and this is what I think of so far.Pros-Story, seems good, easy to follow. If you don't understand something, you can read up on most things in the game, such as places or people in the menu.-Cut scenes (in game cinematic cut scenes, not gameplay cut scenes) are beautiful and very intersting to watch, really draws my attention.-Combat is straight foward, I skipped through all tutorials and still mastered the combat in mere minutes.-Runs like a charm, 60 fps the whole time (i5 4690K @ 4.3 Ghz with a GTX 1070).-Really really love the style of the game (scenery, clothing, weapons, etc...), it's something that has always caught my attention with Final Fantasy (Advent Children).CONS-Next to no options in menu. Meaning no sound control, Graphics, and look sensitivity, all the basics basically......-I HATE THE CAMERA MOVEMENTS IN MOST JAPANESE GAMES, INCLUDING THIS ONE! Horrible camera movement and control.-Not really a con, more of a personal pet peeve, Turn Based combat from the 90s. I mean yeah it's a bit quicker and in real time, instead of the really old school turn based where you have to wait for the enemy to finish his move. But this is the main reason I stayed away from the franchise all these years. (a friend misinformed me and said Final Fantasy didn't do turn based combat anymore LMAO, which is why I bought the game)-Very very limited exploring. I get it, it's not an open world RPG game, but having me run on a small little path for most of the game seems kinda bland.Overall I'm enjoying the game so far, more pros than cons for me. I believe I may turn into a Final Fantasy fan after I finish this game, too soon to say though. Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,292120,18794430,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,YoichiKuroma,"ok, now i finally beat this game, time for a reviewenglish is not my main language, so bear with it.FFXIII is different from other's FF i've played (VII, VIII, IX)If you are looking for another [insert your favorite Final Fantasy here]. you wont get it here.StoryWhen I started playing this game, I had no idea what's going on, too many terms i dont understand.  The plot slowly revealed as you played the game, and the story itself is great. They give you this feature called datalog, basically it has informations about the story, enemy and other informations you need.CombatThe combat in FFXIII is different from other FF i've played, it's basically 85% change the paradigm, 15% choose abilty manually.The combat in FFXIII mainly focused on how you choose the best paradigm to use at the right moment.Like the story, the combat goes deeper as you played, the first 4 hour you can just stay in 1 paradigm, hitting 1 button and keep stomping the enemies, but it will change later, believe me, i died more than 10 times to random enemies, and it's not even a boss. Also you dont get gil from battles :(Graphics and Charactersthe graphic and the cutscenes are beautiful. The character design and voice acting are great. sometimes the fps drop but it didnt bother me at all.TLDR;Pros:>Fantastic graphic>Great Story>Great Combat>Cool Eidolons.>Interesting Characters>Good Voice ActingCons:>Unstable FPS>Early-game Story is confusing>Early-game Combat is so ez>Hope at the beginning of the game is unbearable.>Muh Grinding for complete achievements :(((((((Final Verdict : 7.5/10"
76561198056148797,Recommended,292120,12729401,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tajador,"This review is spoiler-free.First things first: let me list some important points which may very well influence you taking my recommendation seriously.I am new to Final Fantasy series. I heard a lot about these games, but never actually got to play any of them seriously before this particular installment.I am also relatively inexperienced with JRPGs in general. I played several of them, but I am mostly D&D-type of a guy.I did beat the game, so I can talk about it safely from the beginning till the end.I played the game with GeDoSaTo on (downsampling program by Durante which basically allows to launch the game in any possible resolution).And finally: I am somewhat biased towards Japanese voice acting, and while it doesn't really have any significant influence on my opinion on the game overall, I tend to enjoy some pieces of dialogue other people would consider cringeworthy. Which is why I played FFXIII with Japanese voices, so I can't tell anything about the English ones.There is a tl;dr section at the end, if you want short conclusions.With all of that out of the way, let's proceed with the recommendation, shall we?Firstly I will address the port issue. And, my God, there is an issue here. What does this port have? 60 FPS. Theoretically. However these 60 FPS often turn into anything but 60. Sometimes you get 30. And sometimes it drops below even that. And if I may remind you, FFXIII is almost five years old at the time of writing. What does this port not have? Plenty of things, actually. There are no sound options. Half of the keys are not rebindable for some reason. On launch the game was locked at 720p with nasty black bars on all four sides of the screen (at least on my machine, maybe it's Radeon-specific). There is no way SE could not have made all the options and optimization. They just chose not to. To give Square Enix credit though, they listened to the fans and gave us dual-audio. Appreciate the option. The game is also quite stable - it only crashed twice for me in 87 hours of gameplay. The controls with keyboard and mouse are at least okay, but a proper mouse support in menus (instead of it just functioning as a mini-keyboard) would be nice.UPD: As of December 11 the game now has resolution options (up to 1080p, so no 4k for you) as well as AA and shadow resolution. It's good that SE gave us an ear and implemented these, although the fact still remains that there were no graphic options of any description on launch. And the time it took them to respond with some action is, well, two months.Now let us move on to the game itself. While I am strongly disappointed by the port quality, the contents of the game I am pleased with. Let me warn you: FFXIII is linear. As in linearly linear. In more ways than one. But is it really bad? No, I do not think so. This game is about watching cutscenes and fighting. If those things are good, then I myself do not care about linearity. And, well, they are. It also means that if you happen to dislike combat and/or cutscenes, you won't like the game either. The cutscenes are gorgeous and all, but the battle system is the highlight in my opinion, so let's talk about it a bit. The battles take place in real time with some turn-based limitations, where you have to make quick decisions while the action gauge fills. Your party consists of up to 3 characters (you can't choose them until chapter 10) and each of them has a role or a class. The combination of two or three classes (depending on how many characters are in the party now) is called Paradigm. Outside of the battle you can prepare 6 Paradigms and after that you can switch between them at any time in the battle. That is called Paradigm Shift and it allows you to quickly react to the situation at hand or to just choose your tactics on a whim. It turns already spectacular battles into something more interesting. Yes, you can just hit Auto Battle button and let AI do everything for you, but it's boring this way, and the AI doesn't make optimal choices considering AoE, buffs/debuffs and the type of your attack. Personally, I didn't get bored of fighting in this game even once. It's flashy, dynamic and requires some thinking to do right. It also has a lot of smaller nuances, like trying to initiate a battle with your enemy not noticing you (which makes the fight much easier) or character's action animation actually influencing his/her position (if during an attack your character is in the jumping animation, enemies may instead hit the ground or just cancel their attack).The game opens up rather slowly with the first several hours being basically a lengthy tutorial in terms of mechanics, since they are introduced gradually, but there is a lot to learn. Exploration is practically nonexistent before chapter 11, where you get to roam an open-world style locations and do some side-quests, all of which (and I do mean all) are just ""kill this monster"" tasks. It's pretty dull, but since combat is fun, I found it more or less acceptable. Sometimes these quests even open roads to hidden locations with more challenges and items. Speaking about challenges, there are some rather nasty enemies, which are kinda hard to deal with. Not to mention, that there are enemies with 16 million HP capable of one-shoting an inexperienced party.Some people say that FFXIII's story is confusing. I don't think it's true - the plot is quite straightforward, somewhat typical and predictable, but it gets the job done. Since the cutscenes are quite a spectacle and the dialogues are well voiced (at least in Japanese), I enjoyed the overall story as well. Especially I want to praise Lightning's and Fang's voice actresses. On the other hand, some characters do not match well with their voices until you get used to them. The characters themselves, by the way, are quite bland and rather uninteresting. They are typical for your run-of-the-mill Japanese anime/manga/VN. To give authors credit though, the way they explain the connection between seemingly unrelated bunch of people is rather neat.I would also like to praise the game's setting. The worlds of Cocoon and Pulse, Mass Effect-style technologies and fear of magic wielded by pseudo-gods fal'Cie and their human servants l'Cie - there are a lot of interesting concepts, and the lore in general is compelling to say the least. I found myself striving to defeat some difficult optional bosses just to get a new piece of said lore.The graphics. Even by default it's a nice-looking game, but with GeDoSaTo on it can be really stunning. Character models and lighting effects are especially good. Texture quality - not so much, but the game sure knows how to present itself and make it look good despite the lack of HD textures. And well, for a five year old game FFXIII is surely a looker. I've got a huge gallery of screenshots to prove that point.A couple of words about the music as well: it's really pretty and provides a fitting atmosphere. Sometimes I found it odd, when the music contained real vocals, but it was beautiful nonetheless. I think, I will get the soundtrack for the game, which I don't do often.Tl;drThis game's defining features (in my opinion) are as follows:Bad portLinearitySide content can be boringLots of CGI movie quality cutscenesFun combat systemAverage plotUninteresting charactersEnjoyable voice acting (JP)Compelling settingNice graphicsPerfect musicI do recommend the game despite it having some rather major problems. The combat is great and the story is decent. It is quite a fun experience and the price point is laughably low. I don't want to support the idea of such a bad port coming to PC, but I also can not stop myself from enjoying FFXIII and expecting it's sequel to come our way."
,Recommended,292120,17536258,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Mr Torgue High-Five Flexington,"Square Enix have created a fantastic Final Fantasy title that has left fans with mixed feelings, yet again.As someone that has played the game to completion on both PC and PS3, I find very little to complain about.New FF titles have always been about pushing the boundaries - this is apparent to us from long development times, sometimes wildly different art styles between consecutive titles, and also the stories behind the characters and gameplay. It's true that to some extent developers should be catering to the customer's needs, but at the same time we don't want a carbon copy of a game that came out three years ago. If you do want a flood of FFVII clones on the market then perhaps you should stick with FFVII.Thirteen exists on its own and does not require you to have played any other Final Fantasy games to get your head around it. The story starts at a mid-point of sorts, on Day 13. As you progress through the story you discover snippets of what happened on the earlier days, and is cleverly crafted so that some of the bigger questions are left unanswered for the majority of the story.The story centres on Lightning, an ex-soldier from an artificially created moon, Cocoon, orbiting (geostationary?) above the planet Pulse, and it starts in the thick of action and explosions and cutscenes, which can leave players feeling a bit bewildered. The take-home message? Most of the main characters are out to rescue Serah, Lightning's sister, who has been branded by a magical entity, and both Serah and the entity are enemies of Cocoon.The plot thickens as all the main characters are eventually branded in the same way, gaining the ability to wield magic, but also acquiring a doom-timer in the form of a task they must fulfil within a certain time period. The characters are true to form, behaving as we might expect given the situation, but also occasionallynotas expected. This dichotomy of behaviour is one of the more intriguing aspects of the story, but far from the only one. I do not wish to give too much away.Insofar as performance on PC goes, I did have some framerate issues, but nothing more than that, and only at specific points in the game. Don't look away in disgust! Having said this, I don't think you'll find it any different on the consoles. I think it could have been optimised better for all the systems it got released on, so if you're thinking of getting it I recommend PC. I had no stuttering issues (as others have claimed) and I'm just running Windows 7 Prof. with a GTX590 card.More on the gameplay though. As expected, FF13 treats combat very differently from how other, previous titles did. Combat is real-time, but there is a cooldown after actions such as attacking, buffing or healing. I believe items are the only exception. So in a sense it is similar to the ATB (Active Time Battle) system from previous titles. But the similarities stop there. There are six roles to swap between during combat - Medic, Saboteur, Synergist, Commander, Ravager, and Sentinel. Each of these has its own speciality - medic for healing, sentinel for tanking and taking the big hits, commander for physical attacks, ravager for magical attacks, synergist for buffs and saboteur for debuffing or crippling the enemies. Oh, and if you really want to damage enemies, you're going to want to stagger them.It may seem like a lot to take in, but with a bit of practice you'll find it works pretty well. It's possible to customise your preset 'paradigms' as they're called, so that you can go from straight up assault to full defence at the flick of a button.FF13 is often criticised for its linearity and lack of side quests, but I value a good story more than how complex the game is laid out. If you need a break from grinding for experience towards role levels, HP, strength and magic, there is also Chocobo Treasure Hunting, unique monster hunts, and farming enemies for parts and gold so that you can upgrade and empower your Ultimate Weapons, of which there is an interesting selection to choose from , including various passive and hidden stats (which you will more than likely need a guide for!)The art is sometimes breathtaking, vast, and beautiful, but occasionally you might find it a bit monotonous. End game maps such as the Archylte Steppe and the Yaschas Massif are so large and indentical in almost every respect that I'll hazard most players tire of it sooner or later. And yet, the game also boasts some true fantasy imagery - Lake Bresha turned to crystal, walking under frozen waves and churning waters; the awe-inspiring Tesseracts and Orphan's Cradle, where the environment is ever-shifting, ever-changing all around (probably why there's a framerate drop here). I haven't even mentioned some of the gigantic bosses - both mechanical and organic, and even the fabled 'Summons' that have become so much a staple of the FF games.I find myself playing a large chunk of the soundtrack on an almost daily basis too, for there is some incredible work right there. Empowering, mysterious, emotional, it justfitsso well with the scenarios you find yourself in that it's hard not to find yourself liking at least some of it.So what if it's a bit linear? I still enjoyed it, and definitely will again. I consider it 126+ hours well spent, and if you think you're up to trying it I can think of no other RPG I recommend quite as much as I do this one. Pick up a copy today."
,Recommended,292120,15661881,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Recommended for fans of the series // Strong game, but suffers some unfortunate shortcomings+ Absolutely stunning environmental designs and presentation; everything is meticulously crafted, and this really shows off the superior production value of the game+ Complex and engrossing narrative+ Generally likeable and well fleshed-out main cast; not the most memorable by Final Fantasy standards, but far from the weakest link+ Gorgeous and cinematic cutscenes; very prevalent, but not necessarily overbearing+ Crisp, aesthetically pleasing menu navigation+ Data logs are absolutely saturated with lore-friendly narratives that drastically enrich the story and game's universe+ Excellent voiceovers (with some exceptions; *cough cough Vanille cough cough*); mouths have even been reanimated to better sync with the English translation+ While the soundtrack is lackluster compared to the rest of the series (the crippling lack of Nobuo Oematsu on this project is glaringly apparent), the music is nevertheless strong in its own right, and fits the gameplay like a glove+ Combat system starts off very simply, but later reveals itself to be startlingly complex; however, learning curve is blessedly gradual and beginner-friendly+ Battle ratings are a welcome addition, and add, rather than detract, from the experience+ Paradigms and 'staggering' work seamlessly to make combat strategic and rewarding+ Late-game difficulty spike really shakes things up; very welcome after an increasingly stale performance from the middle chapters of the game+ Instead of focusing inordinately on one protagonist, the narrative bounces evenly between each of the six, and seeks to explore their relationships with each other+ Death is very forgiving, placing one back to just before the fatal confrontation; this heavily encourages experimentation- Too little development for antagonist characters; virtually all 'villains' are immediately forgettable, as with much of the support cast (ie. Snow's group NORA)- Poor optimization for PC; many, many issues trying to get the game to run properly, that often require invasive workarounds (the stuttering problem was truly debilitating)- Maps are unforgivably linear in nature; there is virtually no exploration until very late game, and even that is very limited in scope- Skill advancement, while very friendly to new players, is also horribly linear and boring- While most of the dialogue was excellent, it was interspersed with some noticeably cringe-worthy choices (the worst offender being Hope's 'Operation NORA' stint; it was bad enough to rival FFX's laughter scene)- Very little in the way of side-missions and activitiesLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198065540794,Recommended,292120,27414950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scuzby,"Have you ever encountered a tedious/annoying sidequest in a Final Fantasy game?  And even though you didn't really ENJOY that portion of the game, you finished it anyway, because you wanted 100% completion.  And besides, the music is nice, and it's better than going outside?FF XIII.... is that.I'm not sure that I really had fun playing this game at any point.  It's the most experimental gameplay since FF2j.  It's not like other FF games where you can overlevel through grinding and sidequests and then faceroll everything.  Instead, combat is strategic: buffs and debuffs and paradigms matter, because 90% of the game is a low-level challenge playthrough.  This is cool in concept, but makes even trash mob battles take forever.  Also, the game is incredibly linear up until the end. Once they finally set you loose, you're stuck with a frustrating rotating map.Honestly, if you're a long time Final Fantasy fan, just buy it and play it.Seriously... in your life you've probably fought 256 battles to un-curse the Cursed Shield, Mastered Knights of the Round, won the Excalibur II, and dodged 200 lightning bolts on the Thunder Plains.   If you did all that for Final Fantasy, then you can slog through this Hallway Simulator to hear some of the best FF music in years  and watch beautiful cutscenes that will get your Pulse racing.   So just play the game and l'Cie for yourself."
,Not Recommended,292120,14604442,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Rodalli,"Update - 7/5/2015:I'm updating to remind everyone that this review is just my opinion. My opinion of the game is not an attack against the people who enjoy it. There is no need to defend yourself against me. If you have a differing opinion of the game, I encourage you to write a review of your own. I do NOT encourage you to leave nasty comments and/or personal attacks on this review (nor does the Steam SA). You're welcome to disagree with my opinion, but please be civil and decent.I wrote this review immediately after having finished FFXIII, and before reading anything about the sequel, or what anyone else thought of the game. Yes, this review is colorful and dramatic, but it's because it represents my gut reaction: utter dissatisfaction. I have re-read the review and don't see that it throws any unjustified punches or says anything inaccurate. Therefore, I am leaving it as is. Please, stop whining. It won't change my opinion.I have played every entry in the Final Fantasy series, and I can tell you right now - this game is not very good. I thought my mild disappointment with XII was the most I'd ever dislike a FF game, but boy was I wrong. XII is a masterpiece compared to XIII.That said, it's not a complete disaster. The battle system has some redeeming qualities. The game looks and sound amazing. Leveling up your characters in the Crystarium has that old MMO ""treadmill"" effect that gets you into this state where you just can't seem to put down the controller, no matter how awful the game is, or how frustrating it becomes. I'm not talking about ""man, this is a hard and I can't beat it, and it's frustrating"". I'm talking about frustration from just really, really poor design choices...First off, FFXIII is, hands down, the most linear RPG I have ever played. You will spend the first 30 hours of the game literally traveling in a straight line from one corridor to the next, with no ability to explore, or hit the world map (there isn't even a world map, btw - only game in the series without an explorable world map, ♥♥♥♥ing incredible).""Ok, so what will I be doing with my time as I travel in a straight line, you might ask? Well, you'll be fighting, of course, with Square's so-so Combat Synergy Battle System. And that's all you'll be doing. The same monsters, over and over. Over half the monsters in the game are just re-skinned versions of ones you fought 20 hours ago. Going into a fight, there's absolutely nothing to distinguish how hard it will be - not appearance, not context, nothing. There'sa 1 in 3 chance that what you're fighting will be:A) some trash mobs that you won't even have to switch paradigms for, and will obliterate in less than 30 seconds.B) a boss fight (this can often be predicted by context) or mini-boss fight (these often can't be predicted at all) that may or may not require you to switch paradigms, apply buffs or debuffs, or one of the basically 4 or 5 possible functional combinations (combat is not very deep).C) some trash mobs that, for some inexplicable reason, are harder than any creature or boss you've ever faced before and will wipe your party out because you didn't have that one particular paradigm slotted that allows you to win. Either you figure out/Google what the rotation is to beat the trash mob, or you go back and beat up on some less overpowered opponents until you have the CP to increase your stats so that the fight is now reasonable for the significance of the encounter.That's it. That's the whole game. At least 60 hours of that is what you have to look forward to. There are no mini-games. You can't explore. You can't find items, really. Everything is either dropped by mobs or found in chests, and then you sell or use other drops to upgrade those items. There are no side quests to speak of. No puzzles, no mysteries. Chests are laid out nice and neat right in your path as you trudge forward through the linear storyline. The most work you have to do to find a ""secret"" chest, is to turn right or left instead of following your waypoint. Walk into a little area just off the beaten path. Maybe fight a monster or two. That's your ""exploration"". There are side quests of sorts, in the form of C'ieth Stones, which give you ""marks"" that you must kill. They're not fun, as the gameplay basically consists of running from one side of the map to the other, fighting trash monsters, until you get to your mark and fight it. The only real value or drive in doing these is to get CP/items/5 stars for your achievement. Grinding, essentially. That's the whole game.You can't quest for ultimate weapons... but you can grind for them. Yeah! Just keep farming mobs so you can sell or acquire enough items for upgrades. You then sell the items you bought (in a menu you access from any save point) to buy other items that you use to increase your weapons stats until it levels up to the next form. You can do this twice, and you will have an ultimate weapon for your character (Upgrading is also performed in the aforementioned save point menu, btw). Now, repeat 5 more times and you have ultimate weapons for all your characters. Woohoo! Didn't that feel significant? No, it didn't.So, yeah, this sounds really bad. If you made it this far, you're probably thinking there has to be some redeeming quality. The story has to be good because it's Final Fantasy, right? The answer is no, it does not. It doesn't even have to make sense, or involve likable characters. Your party consists of the most one-dimensional, paper thin, saltine cast to grace a video game. How do we know it's bad? Not only will you not know what the characters what, or why they want it - neither will they! Yes, your characters motives seem to change every 5 minutes, and for no other reason than to move the story along. A character that was woefully depressed two cutscenes ago (which isn't very long, since cutscenes happen every 10 minutes or so), will suddenly be perfectly fine, and for no apparent reason other than ""well, I've just decided it's all ok."" Couple this with the traditionally cheesy writing of JRPGs, and the absurd and bizarre reactions to story events of some characters (I'm looking at you, Hope and Snow) and you've got a recipe for ""I don't give a damn about these pixelated golems""-itis. The game culminates in a ""magic"" ending. Why anything happens the way it does is never explained. We never learn anything concrete about the world, or why it is the way it is. Why characters do the things they do at the climax of the storyline remains a mystery...and everyone in the cast seems to be myseteriously fine with that.I'd say that this is the worst game in the mainstay FF series, if it weren't for the mess that was FFXIV. At least, before that game was launched, scrapped, and rebuilt into an actually pretty damn good MMO. This is certainly the worst entry in Square's iconic single-player RPG series... but I'm saying that having never played FFXIII-2, which I have no intention of doing. FFXIII makes me feel as if every time the designers were faced with a gameplay-shaping decision, they failed to ask themselves what would make the game more fun and engaging. If they did indeed ever ask themselves that question, the answer, 9 times out of 10, appears to have been ""screw it, throw in another cutscene or make Hope or Vanille cry or something"".I finished FFXIII out of a sense of duty. I was holding on to the hope that something interesting would happen, or the story would take a turn, or the game would open up and let me explore...but it never happened. It wasn't a completely miserable experience...but when I saw the ending, I really wished I had spent my time doing something else. Is this game worth $15? That's not even the question you should be asking. You should ask yourself, ""does this look like something I want to invest 60 hours of my life into""... and I would advise you that the answer should be a resounding, ""no""."
,Not Recommended,292120,12498315,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Rezon,"I really wanted to like this game. But I didn't, lets list some pros and cons.Pros:+Beautiful locations and environments.+Good music, kind of a no brainer in a Final Fantasy game. Few memorable songs but no bad ones that I remember.+Interesting world and mythos.+The overall story is interesting and I wanted to see how it ended.+Combat system is fun.For the first couple of hours.+60 fps.+1080p and several other graphical updates such as CSAA and better shadows using GeDoSaTo.Cons:-Pacing is at a snails pace which I can forgive if the story is actually moving along. But chapters 2-10 (game has 13 chapters) can be summed up as such:Main characters running from the police with no clear objective and regularly argue about what they should do so the party has an excuse to split up into groups of 2 or 3 every couple of hours..-Character motivation is pretty non exsistant for the most part so it's hard to know why characters do things when they do them.-Story is filled with plot convenience. Example:In the last chapter most of the main cast turns into monsters but then they just randomly appear 1 minute later even though they talk about people not being able to turn back earlier in the game. The game doesn't even explain how they did it.-Native resolution locked at 720p.-No native graphics options.-Combat soon becomes a matter of only changing classes and mashing auto-attack.-You can only control one character in battle. If he/she dies it's game over. This is maybe the games worst sin, next to not being able to switch out characters during battle. The reason this is bad is because, well lets imagine this:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Enemy is charging up a nuke.You start to buff up everone to take the hit.The character you are controlling dies but your tank survives.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------But wait, the game forces you to control the character with the least health.Why doesn't the game let me switch control to the surviving members once the character I'm controlling dies?-Some characters are so annoying you will want to end your existence.  I'm looking at you Vanille.-Game is one big hallway with no exploration and treasure chests are just laying there in your path taking away all satisfaction of obtaining new items and weapons.25 hours into the game you get one field to walk around in. What amazing things can you do here?Hunting quests, because you haven't been killing things the entire game or anything.-The game is so linear infact that there are no towns or physical shops to visit, all shopping is done via save points.-The weapon upgrade system is horrible. Getting new weapons is pointless because if you've been putting all your weapon upgrade items into one weapon you dont want to switch because it takes forever to fully upgrade a single weapon.-Leveling up system is bad. It's like the Final Fantasy X sphere grid but without the options to choose what new stats/abilities you get. Like the rest of the game this system is so linear it could have just been a normal level up system and the game would have lost nothing of value.Conclusion:Like I said in the beginning I really wanted to like this game because of the interesting locations, lore and music but ultimately the lackluster combat and story that gets worse every chapter holds it back a great deal. I will most likely get XIII-2 since I hear they fixed a lot of the linearity problems. But with the game as it is I just can't recommend it to anybody.TL;DR:Wasted potential. Badly written story and bad combat in a interesting world with good soundtrack. Bad PC port but can be somewhat fixed via GeDoSaTo."
76561198069178097,Recommended,292120,19515858,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zeke_,"I really only bought this game because I was curious about all the internet rage directed against it. I can see where it came from, honestly, so it's an odd game to review. You see, I bought it expecting to play for a couple hours, see that it was as bad as they say, and then chuckle as I turn it off, ready to move on. This didn't happen though, I ended up finishing this one. Why did I finish it? Well...Objectively speaking, this game checks off every item on the list of elements that draw the hate crowd: drastic changes to an established and venerable game series, confusing and poorly presented story, awkward 'romance' scenes, weird anime character archetypes (looking at you Vanille), and very linear gameplay with a streamlined battle system when compared to ealier games in the series. These problems really are present, and I can see how they annoyed people, especially uber fans who wanted this game to be just as good as they remembered the earlier games (bit of a loaded point there, I'll leave you to interpret it's meaning). Personally, I didn't really mind these problems as I wasn't expecting a masterpiece to begin with. I actually found all these elements entertaining in their own right, especially considering the concept of the story is pretty interesting if you can get past all the weird anime melodrama and the really horrid (at times) dialogue. (""Worst birthday ever!"" is exclaimed by a character who is supposed to be the practical level headed uber soldier.)In addition to the problems that were present in the original console version, the PC port is laughably inept. A game this old should not struggle to maintain 30 frames a second on a PC equipped with a GTX 980 and the surrounding hardware to support it. I've never had a problem adjusting to crap framerate, but if you're the type to get nauseated from the sight of inferior video display, steer clear of this game.So what did I like about it and why did I finish it? No reasons that were intentional on the part of the developers. As I said, the bad elements are very entertaining and worth playing if you find this kind of thing funny and not intolerable. The battle system starts out infuriatingly simple, but gets better after an excruciating 20 hours of tutorial-like handholding, during which my interest was only sustained by the train wreck of a plot unfolding. When the battle system does open up, however, it's actually fun to experiment with, where the point is to sort of pre-program the party make up and switch between these programs in order to react to changing battle conditions.Also, Lightning's character design is incredibly attractive so thats okay...I'm not obsessed or biasedI guessNot like I have her profile background or anything"
76561198048587276,Recommended,292120,13832051,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"What I once regarded as my least favorite game series by far, and one of my least favorite games ever, has somehow grown on me quite a bit given a lot more time. To get the negatives out of the way, the bulk of the game, especially the critical path, is extremely linear, sometimes even resembling series of interconnected hallways with battles scattered along the way. That said, there is a very rewarding wealth of late-game content awaiting those who can persevere. A huge number of optional side quests and expansive, wide-open areas, in stark contrast to the former half to two thirds of the game. However, as I found out, it is very much worth the wait.And the real core of the experience, and what drove me to keep going to the end (and then some), is the excellent combat system. The battle system is fairly unconventional for a FF game, while still drawing a lot of inspiration from the previous entries, giving a sense of familiarity to series fans, while also making it feel very fresh and different. This difference is something that you may love or hate. Yes, there is a lot of ""mash A to win"" in the combat here, but once the game finally allows you to experience all of what the combat system has to offer, you'll understand that the addition of an ""auto battle"" menu option in battle doesn't actually dumb down or simplify the tried and true Final Fantasy combat, but instead shifts the tactical focus to clever use of the ""paradigm shift"" mechanic at the right times to dole out the damage, buff/debuff, heal, etc. What this ultimately means is FFXIII offers as much tactical potential in its combat as the previous games in the series, while making it feel much faster-paced and intense. It is extremely unfortunate that the game forcibly holds your hand for nearly 10 hours before finally letting you really get an idea of what this combat can offer, and another 15-20 hours on top of that to really let you go nuts with it, but if you can stick it out, you will be rewarded greatly.Visually, the game is still incredible looking, regardless of the fact that it came out nearly 5 years ago. The music is excellent as well, almost across the board, as is usually the case with the Final Fantasy series. As for the story and characters, it's a mixed bag, and definitely something that will differ based on personal tastes. For me, I didn't find much substance in either. There are certainly some flashy moments here and there, but I mainly looked forward to getting back to combat any time a cutscene popped up."
,Recommended,292120,12426878,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Keebz,"Looking for a review that's not full of complaints about the game being 720p and actually tells you something about the game itself? Here you go.(Skip to the bottom to see a summary of my review, and the improvements/drawbacks of the PC version compared to the console versions.)Should you buy this game? If you can enjoy a game for the visuals, music, and innovative battle system, then look no further. This game is for you. The sound and music are great, anddespite it being 720p(no longer an issue) it looks fantastic compared to the console versions (I played it first on the PS3). The cutscenes are beautifully rendered. The battle system is fluid and gets quite fun at higher levels once you understand how it works (it's MUCH more complex than it initially seems).You'll enjoy this game if you can look past the flaws it has--namely the confusing plot, a few cheesy characters (In the English version at least. I'm looking at you, Vanille and Hope), and extreme linearity (Corridor Simulator of the Year). That being said, I still think it's worth playing FFXIII if for no other reason than to prepare for the FAR SUPERIOR FF XIII-2, whichwill be coming to Steam in the following monthsis also available on Steam. That game fixes a lot of these issues and has a better plot in my opinion, but you'll need to be familiar with the story in this game in order to understand what's going on in XIII-2.Especially considering the price, this game is one of the best JRPGS you'll find on Steam(granted there aren't many...yet). But you have to go into it expecting the flaws I mentioned above. If you can look past them, you'll enjoy it. Final Fantasy XIII has never looked better,even at 720p.However, if you're looking for a plot that will move you, deep characters, or an open world to explore, this is probably not what you're looking for.Pros:+Fantastic visuals+Fantastic soundtrack+Interesting battle system (requires a fair bit of time to get used to)+Lightning is cool+Sazh is awesome+Good controller support. But you need to change the option in the settings to display Controller prompts rather than keyboard prompts.Cons:-What on earth is going on in the story? I still can't really tell you.-Too many hallways/corridors to run through during the first half, though it does open up a bit more after 20 hours. You may develop Claustrophobia before then, though.-Vanille and Hope. You'll see what I mean. Although they're far less cheesy if you use Japanese audio.Length: 40-50 hours depending on your speed and how much of the side stuff you complete.PC version improvements:+Higher frame rate than the console versions (60 fps)+Japanese audio! The US console versions did not include this feature.+Possibility of mods. Who knows, maybe someone can mod Vanille and Hope out of the game entirely.(This list will be updated if I discover more.)PC version drawbacks:-It's only 720p. This is a bit of a disappointment, and hopefully it will be patched or modded to run in higher resolutions. Though it still looks much better than console versions. Download GeDoSaTo to run it in higher resolutions.-The Esc button exits the game. This is beyond annoying. Mod please!(This list will be updated if I discover more.)Closing remarks: Buy this game if you have ANY desire AT ALL to see Final Fantasy XV or Kingdom Hearts III on Steam one day. Although I say that half-seriously, there is some truth to it. If this series sells well and Square Enix sees that there is enough demand for their console games on PC, it only makes sense that other previously console-exclusive games will follow."
,Not Recommended,292120,17465305,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,王子,"I wrote out a massive review and steam ate it, for now I will say that the game is not nearly as bad as people make it out to be and not nearly as good as others claim. In my view it was boringly average. I didn't enjoy the combat system and the story never really connected with me, which are two elements the game really is built upon.There is a lot of depth in the battle system but the game takes far too long teaching you how it works before it really gets fun. It isn't a 20 hour tutorial but expect the first 3-6 chapters (depending on how many jrpgs you have played) to be tutorials.The story has some cringeworth dialogue (Snow will never be likeable in my eyes) but the characters do change in interesting ways and there are alot of cool ideas here, I just feel like it was lost amongst many Terms and Names. It will take several chapters (for me about 6) before you really start to grasp what is going on.I would never go out of my way to suggest this game to someone, it really doesn't do a lot for me.If someone did come up to me saying they were intrigued by this game and wanted to know my opinion I would tell them to pick it up on a sale however since they may fall in love with it.Like FF X and FF VIII and FFXII, it is a love it or hate it type game. Just know that the first 6 hours can be really rough and painful, but those who stick with it will be rewarded with one of the most deceptivly unique battle systems in a video game. Never before has turn based gameplay felt so fast and intense."
,Recommended,292120,23642709,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"Unless you've somehow never heard of Final Fantasy before, chances are you've seen or heard about those immature rage-filled arguments between fans of the series over which game is the best, which is the worst, and the torrent of insults, allegations, and assumptions made about each person who disagrees with which of the Final Fantasy games are good or bad. I've seen -less- attempts to undermine someone's character and credibility in political campaigns.  Too many fans have been jackasses to one another about these games, often claiming certain entries in the series do nothing right, or that they have no flaws.It is my intention to inform users about FFXIII without ignoring its problems or overstating them, and to give my personal opinion on the game, which is not ""right"" or ""wrong"" because what makes each gamer enjoy a game or dislike a game differs from person to person. For example, John might prefer FFIV because the game has pre-determined character classes for each playable character, while another player named Greg might prefer FFI because you choose your character classes on your own. There are multiple legitimate arguments for -both- of these systems, and being completely put off by either of these games simply due to these systems is legitimate as well. However, neither of these two hypothetical players are ""wrong"" or deserving of being on the receiving end of jackassery.Space is really tight, so I've shortened the above as best I can while keeping its meaning, and will be presenting it in a Q&A fashion with common negatives brought up about the game as the questions. So, without further ado~Q. PC Port, good or bad? I've been hearing bad things...A. I'm naive when it comes to framerates. It looked and played great on my PC, which was close to the top of the line when Wolfenstein The New Order launched. Mouse/keyboard controls worked great, too, and can be freely remapped! You may want to read into reviews of gamers who are more tuned into framerates if that's really important to you. =)Q. I hear this game is like one big curving hall? That's just people exaggerating, right?A. It's not a bad descriptor. I want to be fair to this game, but you are funneled toward your objective the entire time except for one very large map 20-32 hours into the game. A couple of turns will briefly take you away from your objective to go grab an item, but you will be right back in the ""hall"" again soon enough. Also, there are no traditional towns/cities to visit and NPCs are rare. Items are all bought at save points from online shops, and I didn't buy -anything- until I was maybe 50 hours into the game. You could forget shops are even in the game because they're not necessary until post-game. However, despite the hallway issue, almost every environment is insanely gorgeous, with lots of soft electronic music featuring female vocals, violin, and piano. I loved it, and my senses were blissfully deceived into not caring about the ""hall""/shops/NPCs decision.Q. This is a JRPG. How much grinding do I have to do?A. There are no random battles. Enemies can all be seen in the distance. If you're just going to complete the storyline, kill almost every enemy encounter you spot, and you'll likely be maxed out much of the time. The leveling system is like FFX's sphere grid, except more is unlocked when you beat certain bosses, and it lacks much choice until about the time you finish the storyline. It didn't ruin the game for me or anything, but manually choosing upgrades seemed to lack purpose for most of the game. Back on topic of grinding, though, if you want to do the optional post-game stuff, you could spend far more time getting your stats maxed and getting rare drops. Trapezohedrons are necessary to start getting the best weapons, and despite spending hours trying to get just one, I never did. The post-game is many players' favorite part of FFXIII, but for me, it was a massive time suck without any pay-off because I was just unlucky with item drops despite following the advice of multiple walkthroughs on item farming. I'm glad I did it because I wanted to be thorough in my review, but I don't believe I will ever bother to do the post-game stuff again if I play through the game another time as it was a miserable experience for me that made me look back on the game less fondly. To get through the mind-numbing grind boredom, I had to Youtube and read to keep from quitting.Q. How are the characters?A. I liked most of them. A character named Hope is angry during the first 15 or so hours of the game, and he can make you hate him a -lot-. Unfortunately, his Magic stat is the best in the game, and he's the best Medic, so he'll probably end up on your team. =(  A character named Vanille is the stereotypical Japanese entertainment ""cute young girl,"" but I didn't really find her annoying most of the time. However, in combat, she makes sounds like she's having whiny intercourse, which may be a plus for some people, but it gets pretty old in my opinion. Each character is best at one particular role, and decent in others. Although you'll probably have a favorite all-purpose team, there are situations where it is advantageous to temporarily use different characters, so I liked that.Q. Some people say the storyline is amazing and some say it's the worst one ever written for a FF game. Which is it?A. If you don't overthink the plot, it's entertaining. However, if you start asking questions and applying logic to much of it, the storyline unravels quickly. A fellow on Youtube named Noah who goes by ""Spoony"" does a very hateful review of FFXIII, which I find to be excessively harsh, but he makes -some- valid points about the storyline which I can't argue with. The plot has some major issues, but I wouldn't call it terrible.Q. I hear the summons in this game aren't very useful? Really? They're amazing in virtually all the other FF games!A. The summons have incredibly specific uses to exploit certain things in the game, like knocking Adamantoises over for easy kills and preventing one enemy from curing itself of poison. I found summons useless for about 95% of fights. Each character gets exactly one summon (called an Eidolon). They are Transformers. No kidding. They look like robots or weird humanoids and transform with folding/sliding/rotating parts into a car, horse, etc. It's kinda awesome. That said, they really are useless most of the game, to the point that I feel they should have been left out in their current state, and better alternatives to the aforementioned exploits should have been offered instead.Q. I heard the game plays itself and you don't pick your attacks. Is that true?A. You control one character in your 3-person party, and can choose auto-battle for that character, or specific abilities, and can then manually pick each attack. Auto-battle basically tells the character to do the obvious thing the character should do. I'm fighting an ice monster. I've used a spell to ID it so my characters know it's weak to fire. If I switch my character to an attack magic job (ravager), of -course- I want to attack with fire, and that's what the game does. The game knows what my intentions are by clicking auto-battle. Making me select fire is pointless. If I want to inflict negative status effects, I'll manually change jobs to do so. I do not see any loss of agency, but I can understand that some players may feel deprived of that agency due to older entries making you manually choose everything. Also, prideful players might feel that playing a game with a button labeled ""auto-battle"" makes them look weak or won't enable them to brag about their victories, so if either of those are an issue for you, you may wish to pass on FFXIII.I have issues with FFXIII, but it's a feast for my eyes and ears which I had a blast with prior to the post-game, and would recommend it to fans of JRPGs who aren't put off by the issues I discussed."
76561197976261663,Recommended,292120,32750058,Posted: 24 June,all,mahospare1,"This game was a huge problem at the beginning. I bought this game sometime around November 2014 and gave up on it until the developers fixed the windowed 720p resolution sometime around December 2014. As of writting this, it is around June 2017. It took me a week to figure out what was causing the sudden studder of frames.My machine's specifications:Windows 10 Home editionIntel Core i5-6600kAsus Strix nvidia GTX 9702x8 GB DDR4 Corsair RAM2 TB Hard DriveThe problem of the sudden frame studder was from Windows 10. In the (Device Manager > Human Interface) I disabled all the HiD-compliment devices. Removing the HiD devices allowed the game to run at 1080p on a 1920x1080px60Hz(1080p at 60 Frames Per Second) Toshiba TV. I guess it has something to do with Windows 10 Hid devices causing Final Fantasy XIII to take up CPU or RAM to search for new devices connected to your computer.Detailed Instructions (Should also apply for Windows 8, 8.1):In Windows 10, right-click the ""Start"" menu and select ""Device Manager"" using left-click. In the ""Human Interface"" header/ option, expand it. Select each individual device with the prefix ""HiD-compliment"".In Windows 7, open Control Panel from the ""Start"" menu. Open ""Device Manager"" then expand ""Human Interface"" header/ option, expand it. Select each individual device with the prefix ""HiD-compliment"".I also tried the GeDoSaTo method to try fixing the frame studder, but that was completely Windows 10's fault. I would recommend anyone that has a TV or monitor that can support more than 1080p the GeDoSaTo third-party program to enjoy the higher resolution.The frame drops only during intense battles/ spells/ ravager casting, but that is the game's fault. Other than a couple of frame drops, I would totally recommend this game as this is my first Final Fantasy game. Also would recommend it to anyone that likes long grinding RPG games or decent graphicial cutscenes."
,Recommended,292120,34381533,Posted: 20 August,all,Spoony Bard,"Haters gonna hate. While FFXIII is not the best in the series, it is surely not one of the worst either. It's true that the first half of the game can drag on with the linear path of maps that consist of traveling solely from point A to B with little exploration. However, once the player reaches the open world of Gran Pulse, the game really opens up with its challenging missions and diverse character roles."
76561198047672025,Recommended,292120,22466155,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Conker,"This is the first Final Fantasy I have completed, I had FFX on the PS2 but got stuck at the blitzball tournament and never went back to it. FFXIII seems to be a divisive game for people, with a lot of fans of the old games hating the linearity of this one, and some or all of the characters in 13.Regarding the linearity, it is incredibly linear for most of the game, with you just running along straight paths fighting enemies. Once you get to chapter 11 it opens up and you can explore and run around in this massive field (you even get a chocobo to ride to get around faster), with these huge dinosaur turtle creatures and sh*t you can fight. This is a really cool area, but if you really don’t like the linearity of the game I wouldn’t recommend you buy it and persevere till you get to that part. There are 13 chapters in the game and that is the 11th, which is more than 30 hours through the game! You are close to the end at that point, I honestly wondered why they even had an open section at all, I was used to the linear paths.I don’t usually play turn based RPG’s so I have nothing to compare the combat system in this to, but it does a good job of easing you into it, at first it’s a cake walk, I had no issues for the first 10 hours. There are 6 main characters you get to play as, but in battles you can only equip 3, but at the beginning as the characters split up, you go between fighting with 3 equipped to only being able to use 2 at some points for story reasons. This gave me some trouble early on, with one or two boss fights, like most RPG’s grinding would make those encounters a lot easier.I had to use a guide to defeat some bosses later on, there really seemed to be only 1 or 2 methods that worked on them and if you don’t know what you’re doing you could be there hours without a guide, but most of the time I had no problem, though I did grind for a few hours to level my characters up (also with a guides help to find the best places to grind).There is a ton of secondary boss fight missions you can attempt once you get to chapter 11 (63 in total I think) so there is plenty here for you to do, I put in 70 hours at the time of writing this and I still have about 5 missions left to do. If you don’t feel like doing those then you should be able to complete the main story in 55 – 60 hours.I bought this game for the story more than the combat, and this is the other area people have a problem with. I liked the characters, but some people had issues with Lightning being stoic through the whole story, but the other 5 characters all have different personalities, and each of them has their own story and arc through the game, so even if you don’t like Lightning or find her boring, the story is always shifting between all 6. This is really an ensemble cast of characters, even though they heavily promoted Lightning in all the marketing/trailers and covers for the game. In the first game it's an ensemble anyway, in the second one you might only get to play as her sister, and in the third you may only get to play as lightning (though they do feature the other 5 characters in the story still).This should go without saying but the game looks visually amazing, and the architecture and creature design is unique to a Japanese mindset, so as a westerner I enjoyed it. There are many CGI cut scenes throughout, which I enjoyed because I got the game for the story, but if you only want gameplay and minimal story that could be an issue for you.The port has some issues, outside of combat I would get 60fps if I turned off the mini map, in combat it dropped to 30, I noticed it dropped as low as 24fps once or twice. I tried a few different methods to try and fix it and none of them worked. This wasn’t an issue for me because the game’s turn based, so the camera is in a semi fixed position when fighting, it didn’t really bother me when playing. NOTE: my pc is pretty good (I7,R9 290), if you have a mid or low range PC it might not run as well for you.If you found this review helpful then spin around in your chair, if you don’t have a chair that can spin then do what I do and drink heavily until the world starts to spin for you."
,Recommended,292120,26315340,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Saibot,"It's kind of amazing how ungratefull some people are...Of course it's a direct port from consoles. But they made it. And its cheap like dirt. Some pixel indie games costs more.Years ago every console gamer played at 720p and it was ok! BUT now it's 2016!While playing with gamepad there's absolutely no problem with gameplayIt's a good tendency that some developers making ports for their games on PC even 3 years later from their release date on console. We should support them... not spit them in the face.The story is interesting, the characters are great and the game-play is neither too easy, nor too hard, just fun. I've played most of the games in the series, and this one isn't as bad as others say. It's really worth the price.Music is loyal to the FF charm, and the story make sense most of the time and the voice acting is amazing on either Jap or Eng.Also you will be playing a good amount of time ( I played for 45 Hours but i kinda rushed threw it at the start game)Oh and just a tip: DONT SKIP ENEMYS... The Game will punish you for that....*RECOMMENDED*"
76561198042656250,Recommended,292120,29769986,Posted: 7 February,all,Your Innocence,"After waiting for 8 years to play this game and reading all the mostly negative reviews.. I booted up this game and was expecting a discounted Final Fantasy with more bugs than an Elder Scrolls game with a side of convoluted story telling to rival the Kingdom Hearts series.I was surprisingly pleased, the graphics hold up even to some of todays AAA titles and the music is relaxing and immersive most of the time. Despite half the characters being obnoxious  and stereotypical, I really grew attatched to Lightning (the protagonist). Maybe I'm just glad to see a strong female lead who isn't crying  and needing to be saved half the time. The biggest ""flaw"" of this game is the way they convey the story. Half of the plot is told through 'datalogs', like an in-game encyclopedia.This game really is under appreciated and %90 of the negative reviews are because the game isn't 60 FPS or they saw a pixel out of place in a side character's shadow. If you don't mind reading and enjoy lengthy JRPGs, give this a shot."
,Not Recommended,292120,28455605,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,B1ANCHi,"Although, I already spent >30h in playtime and will try to play it to the end I did not enjoy playing FF XIII.Don't get me wrong, it is technically well made, nice graphics, beatiful characters (though, it's nice graphics again), nice music. But that's it.Always the same fights, always the same animations, ridicoulusly linear levels which are only there to guide the player to the next fight. There is no level design at all, everything is just a ""straight"" tunnel. Fighting is extremely boring, pressing the same buttons again and again. You totally could stop caring what you do and start eating or doing other things. As long as you continue pressing the same buttoms you will probably win the fight. It's just stupid and boring (I know I already mentioned that it's boring, but it really is very boring).Unfortunately, this was the first part of the Final Fantasy series I played and it was not a nice one."
,Recommended,292120,12665338,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Joga,"I enjoyed Final Fantasy XIII. Admittedly, being a PC-exclusive gamer for the last decade or so, I haven't played too many JRPGs lately, and I was frankly thrilled to finally be able to play a modern Final Fantasy game on PC. Final Fantasy VI (SNES) is one of my favorite games of all time, and I've briefly played but never beat (rented back in the day) FF 7, 8 and 9.The game is as linear as they say, but I didn't really have a problem with it. I play Final Fantasy games primarily for the story and spectacle, and then the battles, and then very distantly the out-of-battle gameplay sections. FF13 performs strongly in the first two, so being pretty much completely linear for most of the game isn't really that big of a deal. I really enjoyed the story, and though some have complained that it's confusing or hard to follow, I found it easy enough to understand (though I did read all of the datalogs religiously, which definitely helps).Some stuff I really enjoyed are some new ""convenience features"" that basically remove most of the things I find annoying about JRPGs. Namely:-No random battles! You can see (and usually avoid) any enemy on the world map.-Your party is automatically healed and cured at the end of every battle (so you don't have to micromanage all that stuff yourself all the time)-If you die in battle, you can restart the battle immediately to try again, and it even starts you outside of battle so you can change your party/upgrades/paradigms or just run away. This even applies to boss battles!-No grinding - the game is somewhat challenging (though there's also an easy mode you can switch to at any time), but I never felt the need to stay in one area and grind experience before moving on. Grinding is boring and it's exclusion will not be missed.The battle system is really novel. You only control one character, and you have an ""auto-attack"" option (though you can still individually choose your attacks if you want). There are 6 different roles, and a combination of these roles is a paradigm. The main focus of battle is switching up your paradigms for the situation, sort of macro-managing the battle rather than micromanaging every single move. I found this quite an enjoyable change of pace from the same battle system that's been in FF for years.As an aside: yes, the port is horrible, and it's absolutely shameful that they'd lock such a beautiful game to 720p. Fortunately this is easily fixed with the program ""GeDoSaTo"" (created by legendary modder Durante, who also fixed Dark Souls 1). The framerate is weirdly inconsistent during battles (bouncing between 30 and 60, despite sitting at like 30% GPU load, and 10% CPU load) but it wasn't enough to put me off from playing the game.Overall I enjoyed my time spent with FF13. The game is absolutely gorgeous, especially at 1080p (I've taken several hundred screenshots during my playthrough), the story and characters are interesting (except Snow, ♥♥♥♥ that guy), and the battle system is fun and novel. My JRPG experience is admittedly a bit lacking, but I loved them back in the SNES days, and if FF13 is anything to go by, I still love them now."
76561197996155532,Recommended,292120,23094467,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TheSkrin,"First time I tried this game I really didn't like it, even after investing 40+ hours into it. It's very different from other Final Fantasy games, which I found immensely disappointing, and that put me in a mood where I couldn't appreciate anything the game had to offer because none of it is what I was looking to get out of it. It also annoyed me that the game launched with some performance/graphics issues.So, why recommend it? I came back to this game a year later with a totally different set of expectations. Instead of treating this as a typical Final Fantasy game, and thus expecting things like towns, an overworld, the attack/magic/item combat, leveling, Cid, Biggs and Wedge references, etc. (none of which this game has), I chose to approach this as if it were an interactive visual novel with a light Final Fantasy flavor. With all the chatty cutscenes and linearity, that's exactly what it feels like, and if you come in expecting it then this game is actually quite satisfying.tl;dr: Very nice game if you're looking for a visual novel with a heavy focus on combat and some light Final Fantasy themes. Very bad game if you're looking for anything that resembles the usual Final Fantasy experience."
,Not Recommended,292120,12436980,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SirZephy,"-59GB download with nothing to justify it (Cutscenes are 720p, NOT 1080p).-Japanese voice pack could've been added as free DLC to help minimize file size of the main game.-I had to use a mod to change my resolution (Really?).-Stuttering, I personally didn't get tons of it but so far it's happened 2 or 3 times in certain locations.-No audio options at all.-ESC instantly quits the game with no warning. (If you're in windowed mode the quit warning actually appears, but why would you want to play in a 1280x720 window?)-Key bindings are awful (Use a controller).+60FPS.+They added Japanese audio on EU/NA Steam packages for hardcore weeaboos.Hopefully we'll see more FF games on PC, and hopefully they pay attention to these issues on later ports and fix them."
,Recommended,292120,13079692,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Lightning,"Final Fantasy XIII on PC is the best version of the game you can get your hands on. This game in my eyes, is an absolute masterpiece as well as the rest of the trilogy, being a near perfect game that takes me through one of the most incredible adventures I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. That being said, I will be looking through this game without my incredible love for the game and will analyze and talk about each part of the game. While this game may be the best game in the world for me, most players may see it being around an 8 out of 10.// Gameplay - Field //First I'd like to get into the gameplay of this game. Final Fantasy XIII, like most JRPGs and just about every other Final Fantasy game, is a linear journey for a majority of the game. The game has very little areas to branch off and explore into and has a straight path to follow making it so you'll never get lost. Many people hate on this game for this very reason but the thing is, almost every Final Fantasy game is just as linear as Final Fantasy XIII. Look at IV, VI, and VII... some of the most beloved games in the series. The games merely give you the illusion of an open world, but no matter what you do, you're thrown into a world map and given a linear path to follow. You must always go from Town A, to Town B, to Dungeon A, to Town C. The game will force you down the same path every single time. The difference in this game? They don't try to hide it under some pretty world map.// Gameplay - Combat //The combat in Final Fantasy XIII is completely in real time. When battles start, you will have control over your party leader while the other characters are controlled by good AI. I've never once really felt the need to take control over anyone else. You will have everyone set into a different class known as a paradigm. Before battle, you select up to six paradigms you'd like to go into combat with. For instance, one of your paradigms can include a COM, RAV, RAV which would have a damage dealer focused on slowing down the chain gauge and the casters building it up to eventually generate a stagger to severely weaken the opponent. From this point you can make the decision to keep building that gauge up for heavily increased damage up to 999.9% then switch to a full set of Commandos for absolute punishment that you may or may not have enhanced with a Synergist's Bravery and/or Faith.Combat in this game is very challenging as you get further in, and what starts off as a simple mashing of the confirm button with occasional Paradigm Shifts, becomes a deep and complex combat system where you will find yourself getting punished if you dare use the auto-battle. Many people complain about Auto-Battling, but the truth of the matter is that Final Fantasy XIII isn't the only game adding this in their games and those who find themselves using it will never beat the game and find themselves experiencing countless deaths, which occur if your party leader dies.Combat is strategic and wants you to think with a tactical viewpoint. Every enemy has weaknesses and ailments they are vulnurable, or resistant to. Your goal is to discover those weaknesses, and find a way to exploit them. Bosses will require a great deal of strategy later into the game and will stretch your understanding of the combat system to it's limits, especially the 64 mark missions available in the post-story gameplay.Monsters also don't award Exp or Gil in the traditional RPG sense. Instead they reward something known as CP or Crystogen Points. This can then be used to enhance your character's abilities down 6 massive trees. Each tree represents your paradigm and while you start off with a few at the beginning of the game, you eventually unlock access to all six. Every character has trees they are good at, or bad at and in no instances will you find yourself using Hope as a Commando, however the stat bonuses learned from the trees still make them worth going through once you've mastered the other roles. Every paradigm has a passive ability that stacks with the more of that role you have in combat. If you head in with three Commandos compared to one, you'll find your damage output across all characters MUCH higher. There are also Synthesized Abilities the game never brings up and keeps a shady secret. Essentially these are abilities that are created when you equip a certain combination of a weapon and accessories that belong in a set. Some of these bonuses can be very mild such as adding extra damage with specific elements, to giving you faster ATB recharging, making your attacks heal you, or even making you invincible to physical attacks or magical attacks! The game rewards those who like to play around with different builds and using these synthesized abilities can severely make the difference in some fights between life and death.... As for Gil.... it's the most valuable thing in the world and should NEVER be spent unless absolutely necessary as no monsters drop gil, it is a pain to find. The only way to obtain Gil in this game is to obtain an item that can be sold for a premium and sell it. These items PURELY exist to be the method to bring in Gil, you don't start seeing many of these until a decent bit into the game however... luckily you don't need to really buy anything from the shop for the beginning of the game as most items are easily won from battles.// Characters //The characters are incredible and have many various personalities and great background stories to each one. I instantly fell in love with these characters, every single one being great and interesting. The game has lots of character development, ESPECIALLY Chapter 7 in the story. Lightning is trying to deal with the fear of being alone and lashes out in anger, Hope tries to deal with losses in his life and revenge. Every character goes through so much, and at the end of their journey, they've become very interesting characters.// World //Final Fantasy XIII is a sci-fi game, taking place primarily on a large floating world known as Cocoon, which like the name suggests, is a hollow, artificially built world where everyone lives along the inside shell. Their technology is much more advanced thanks to the Fal'Cie, a race of machines with god-like power. The game has many terms you will learn as the game goes on and gives such a great immersive experience. The designs of the world, airships, airbikes, and much more are so interesting and the world itself is an absolute beauty, especially after reaching Chapter 11 where you're dropped off in the untamed wilderness of Gran Pulse, the lowerworld much more like our own in the manner that it's a planet and not an artificially made shell.// Mythos and Story //The trilogy heavily revolves around the Fabula Nova Crystallis Mythology, and while it isn't required, it is HEAVILY advised you go brush up on this mythos and possibly the official Novella Episode Zero before going into the game to have some knowledge of the backstory to this game. The game has two stories, the story of the gods, and the story of our party. And while this game focuses on the characters, the true story is the struggles and battles between these gods and truly knowing the mythos, opens up eyes as the game, instead of being a story of fugitives running from the government, becomes a story about our party and their influence with these gods and their battles. The story is deep, complex and the most incredible story I have ever found myself enjoying and while it is difficult to get into as many people don't even realize there is this mythology and backstory behind it, if you go in looking for it and wanting to learn more about this world, it won't disappoint you.Wonderful game that I would heavily recommend to anyone who enjoys a good story and wonderful music. Lacks many PC options players expect, but will be added in soon. Do yourself a favor if you enjoy stories, characters, and music and buy this game."
,Recommended,292120,28592413,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AnarielTeleri,"Unpopular opinion; this is a great game with decent characters.Maybe I have a rather different view not being a Final Fantasy person (not played any others, though I have been exposed to bits and pieces over the years) and the game certainly doesn't try to hide its linearity like most RPGs do. But from a game design point of view it really isn't that much more linear than a lot of western heavy story focused RPGs (I'm looking at most BioWare RPGs here). I'd have preferred they at least *tried* to hide the fact and made it a bit more open but for the story they were telling it fits.Perhaps the FF tropes of characters (I hear that there has been an infestation of broody, aloof, emo protags) has gotten to the point that people are tired but, coming from a new persepctive, I didn't find Lightning grating. While the rest of the cast varied none struck me as awful (by the end, after characters arcs) as people like to rant about.Worth giving it a go if you like RPGs, especially if you aren't a hardcore FF / JRPG type."
76561198118194905,Not Recommended,292120,24973206,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mirrors-edge,"When Final Fantasy XIII was announced and over the months it was spoiled, I was very excited by the prospect of having a large, expansive RPG set in the FF multiverse, after all, what could be better than getting to experience all the thrills of exploration, political intrigue and vast wealth of content its predecessor provided, but this time on next gen hardware, right?As further details emerged sooner to release, of the return of battle transitions/arenas and constricted, linear level design, I began to worry and it was this that ultimately saw me leaving off of pre-ordering or buying at release, waiting instead to see what the reviews had to say about it all.When I read the reviews, my heart sunk and such was my disappointment with the direction in which they had decided to take this iteration in the series, that I did not buy it. I decided instead that if I were to play this game, then it would have to be long after my disappointment had subsided and I could experience and judge the game on its own merits and flaws.Fast forward 6 years and here I am, doing just that, unfortunately to find that my apprehension was fully justified.In judging this game on the basis that it is an action RPG, it's difficult to know where to begin cataloging it's problems, because they are truly numerous :-Appalling level designI have never played a video game featuring such uninspired, dull, unimaginative, unimmersive, constricted and down right lazy level design as this. In order for an RPG to consume me, I have to be able to explore it, get lost in it and become a part of it, I have to be in awe of it; overwhelmed by it, in order to enjoy playing within it.Where are the towns and villages? Where are the quirky shops and their vendors? Where are the townsfolk, all with their own stories to tell about the world they live in, thus providing you with a deeper, more empathetic understanding of the world you're to spend 100s of hours in?Thus far in my play through there aren't any, not a shop, not a village, not a single individual anywhere that has anything to say about what's going on, who you are, who you've been, who you might become, war and peace, personal intrigue, nothing... Outside perhaps of the FMV cut-scenes.Complete lack of story questsThe only story quest this game has, is the main story, there is ""literally"" nothing else to do in this game, no other paths to follow, nothing to do in order to enjoy the process of leveling up to face more difficult adversaries, or get over a skill plateau along the main story path. When you hit a road block, the only thing you can do about it, is aimlessly wander around, often just back and forth between save points along the ""corridor"" you're in, going through pointless battle after pointless battle in order to earn experience points.I have never known a game; an RPG no less, so utterly devoid of content as this one.Dire leveling systemThe Crystarium system in itself, is not bad, it's a pretty much run of the mill RPG leveling system, it works, there's little more to say beyond that. But that's where the positives end :-This game insists on continually putting you into parties of 2 along the way, leaving you utterly unable to designate and commit roles for characters without potentially crippling your ability to overcome obstacles, the espers/eidolons can be particularly troublesome in this respect, but hey that's fine right? Just leave off the main story path for a while and wander off to find some other interesting, immersive quests to fulfill, in order to level up in preparation for the task ahead? Nope, see the previous paragraph, this game has no other content in it, there is nothing else to do, anywhere, ever!The area leveling is absurdly unbalanced, you can enter into and overcome an easy battle, only to move less than 10 seconds along and then be confronted by a roadblock enemy 5 levels above your party. This leaves you completely unable to gauge which conflicts to enter into and which to avoid anywhere in the game and irrespective of what level your party is at. The roadblock enemies in this game plunge you into horrendously long battles that aren't boss battles, provide you with absolutely no pay off when you win them and half the time are completely inconsequential, they seem to exist solely to frustrate the player, push them back and siphon off huge wads of time out of your existence for no reason than the drag the game out.When you come up against any of several dozen of these roadblocks throughout the game, all you can do is just run backwards and forwards along whichever ""corridor"" you're in, repeating battles you've already won several dozen times over to earn experience and level up in order to progress and you can forget out doing anything else, as I've been keen to point out in this review, there just isn't anything, there's nowhere to explore, nobody to talk to, no story quests to undertake, there aren't even more than 1 or 2 (that I've found so far @63 hours in) radiant quests and when an RPG actually makes you feel like you need MORE radiant quests in it, that's a sure sign that the publisher has really dropped the ball.Battle transition screensI'm a big fan of nostalgia, but in this day and age, expectations have evolved somewhat with regards to how much freedom players expect an RPG to provide them with. Transitions were necessary in the 80s and 90s, because the hardware those golden RPGs of old ran on, had technical limitations that recent hardware does not. These transitions: being locked into doing something the game insists you must do, whether you want to or not, are annoying and intrusive. They were best left in the past, where they could be gazed back upon fondly, along with random encounters and any other ""roadblock mechanic"" that the hardware of yesteryear rendered necessary.ConclusionsHow a VG publisher with an RPG heritage as rich as SE, could demonstrate such a dire lack of understanding of what makes an RPG enjoyable, memorable and rewarding is completely beyond reason.Do I have anything good to say about Final Fantasy XIII? Well yes, a few things, but each with a downside at least as significant :-The FMV cut-scenes are excellent, but unfortunately, they don't make a great RPG.The characters are stylish and ooze potential, but they don't have any history, they feel stateless and abstract from the world they live in.The paradigm system is cool, but with party selection being so heavily restricted throughout, you're never given the opportunity to cut loose with it, develop strategies with it and enjoy it. How can you possibly develop say an excellent Sentinel and Medic, when the game unconditionally dumps them both, into a two man team and forces you into an obligatory duel you can't win, owing to limited offense, this game punishes you at every opportunity for trying to forge your own destiny.Mercifully, there are no quick time sequences, but the game is so hell bent against enabling you to play with any sense of freedom or choice, that the absence of this annoying game mechanic, cannot really be appreciated anyway.Above all, its best quality as a game, is to serve as an almost perfect template and reference to VG studios and publishers forward from its release, of how NOT to make an RPG.They say""let sleeping dogs lie...""and with this in mind, I honestly I wish I hadn't bought it."
,Recommended,292120,29454761,Posted: 23 January,all,FRAGNARLOTHBROK,"Objectively - looking at the facts - this is one of the best FFs since FF7.  Let's look at 6 key areas that supposed fans of the FF series cared about until this game came out:1) Story - This game's story is convoluted and stupid.  So is FF10's.  In FF10 they tell you one story for 90% of the game and then the last 10% of the game they say, ""Nope!  There's an immortal wizard casting a spell to make everyone believe that this is what's happening!""  Great story, bro.  FF8's story is objectively bad, too.  You grew up with these people and you don't even remember them?  And I LOVE FF10 and FF8.  But story is not some hallmark of the FF franchise that had been good until this one came out.  The story is no worse than many of the highly regarded entries in this series.  In fact, I would argue that most FFs' stories, when you actually sit down and plot it all out, are pretty nonsensical, and 13's fares worse because it is more recent and subject to higher standards.2) Characters - This is completely subjective.  I find the characters in this game to not really hit any of the highs that we got in previous entries, and a few of the characters were worse than your average FF character.  While my opinion is that this game has worse characters than most of the FFs since 7, I'm also not going to ignore the Cait Siths, Quina's, and Rikkus that exist in other FF games.3) Graphics - The graphics in this game are sublime, and compared to its 2009 competitors is every bit as cutting edge as the best graphical games of the series (and possibly better).  IMO, only FF7 was more awe inspiring (graphically) for the time it came out, and looking back at it I sometimes scratch my head as to how I came to that opinion.  FF13, in 2017, is a game that makes you say, ""Holy...THIS game is from 2009?!""4) Music - Like characters, this is something that's extremely subjective.  To me, this soundtrack is up there with the series' best.  While the series' best soundtracks likely had more heavyweight classic tracks, they also were bogged down by quite a few forgettable tracks.  And this soundtrack is the first FF soundtrack that I recall listening to where it felt like one cohesive vision.5) Gameplay - This is the first FF that I am aware of where the term ""high level gameplay"" actually means anything.  Think about past entries - what is ""high level gameplay"" in FF7?  Setting up a couple of cute materia combinations?  What is ""high level gameplay"" in FF8?  Spamming your limit break?  In FF13, true masters of the combat system can accomplish things in seconds that even a seasoned FF player would take 10s of minutes.  Take one of the bosses in this game - Proud Clad II.  Most walkthrough videos on youtube beat this fight in about 7-8 minutes.  A world class player can beat that fight in 55 seconds.  And it's not just true for that fight - there is a huge skill gap between casual players (which includes most FF fans who bash this game) and people who actually understand the intracacies of the combat system.  And it's not just a matter of looking up the right paradigm deck.  You actually have to ""git gud"".6) Endgame / Side content - This has been extremely hit and miss throughout FF's history.  FF7 pretty much hit on all counts - great optional end game content, optional bosses and areas, etc.  FF8 was hit and miss.  FF9 I didn't finish.  FF10 was mostly a miss.  FF13's sidequests include a series of 64 ""missions"" (boss fights), most of which are easy but a solid 1/3 are pretty difficult.  The hardest of these missions (and there are several that I would include in this category) are up there with any of the hardest endgame/optional bosses in the FF series.  In addition, in order to obtain all of the ultimate weapons you will need to grind a series of optional superbosses.  This is like grinding Ruby Weapon - it's not mindless...one little mistake and these bosses will eat you alive.  There are 3 of these optional superbosses to choose from.  I thought this was extremely rewarding - maybe not as diverse as FF7's optional content, but certainly some of the better optional content in the FF series.On the whole, OBJECTIVELY, when you take the nostalgia glasses off, this is a game that is right at home in the FF series.  Be very wary of anybody who complains that this game is ""press X to win"" - instead of listening to them, feel bad for them.  It's like somebody who played through the first Mass Effect as a straight shooter without using any biotics or tech, or played through Bioshock with just gunplay (and no plasmids), and then complaining that the gameplay is boring.  Of course it's boring - you didn't bother to explore what was so interesting about it."
76561198006553071,Not Recommended,292120,16861489,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Worldspawn,"Alright, let's start with the good things.+ Nice graphics+ Good combat with nice flow+ Option to choose weither to use english or japanese voice actors (thankfully, the english version is horrible).+ There's a beautiful cutscene at one point in the game when one of the characters cry.+ The end-game badasses are pretty hard.+ Achievements+ Trading cards+ Never crashedNow for what I believe are the bad things.- Corridors, the game is one really long corridor. It's not disguised as having options. You literally walk on corridor-like platforms in a straight line for almost the entire game.- You can't talk to people.- There is almost nothing to explore.- The vast majority of item drops are ""XP""-gain items that are sacrificed to level up equipment. Sounds good? It's not. There's like a hundred different ones, give or take most of them do the same as the next with a very minor difference. Could easily remove 90-95% of them from the game without it having an impact whatsoever.- An all-time-access shop (well, on save points but they're everywhere pretty much) that has EVERYTHING.- There's no cash, just item drops (remember the XP-gain items?) from monsters. Drop rates are very low and selling things give close to nothing unless you got a rare drop from one of the end-game monsters (who are harder than every other boss in the game). Still, you need that cash to get the end-game items from the shop.- Very few secrets to be found.---------------------------------I love the genre, both FF and JRPG but I can't recommend this game. It became decent in chapter 13 because after a very loooooong corridor I finally got to run around in a little park instead.All in all, if you're a must-have-em-all then go for it, when it's on a sale and you already got every other FF game while being ready for a huge disappointment.I give the game a 2 out of 5."
,Recommended,292120,17982904,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,tikkto_89,"As a long-term Final Fantasy fan (my favourite games in the series being 6 and 10) I could easily see the design flaws of FF13, but still managed to get quite obsessed with it (as you can see from my play time).Like so many others I initially disliked the linear nature of the game, but could eventually see past it because I realized what the developers were trying to accomplish. The linear structure keeps the game very focused and story-driven, and I enjoyed many of the cutscenes scattered throughout the game. The pacing of this game is quite good imo. Usually just when you were starting to get bored with the constant forward-running and fighting, there was a beautiful cutscene to move the story forward. The graphics, in a word: GORGEOUS, even though this is already a 5-year-old game.The story itself is a mixed bag, though. The Fabula Nova Crystallis lore is interesting and detailed, and the plot of FF13 explores it quite thoroughly, especially in the well-written datalog entries. Even still, the dialogue in this game is often bad or so-so, with poorly hidden exposition every once in a while, characters explaining self-evident facts, and being all-around jerks. I cannot count how many times I facepalmed during Snow's ""Self-proclaimed hero"" -rants. Some of this has to do with the voice acting (which is generally good, though), but a lot of the writing is a bit clumsy and not very clever. On a broader level, the plot of the game was intense and interesting.The thing that kept me going, though, was the intense, strategic, increasingly rewarding and (imo) absolutely fantastic battle system of FF13. I cannot stress this enough. Without a battle system as good as this, I doubt I would have become so hooked on this game. Characters have different roles to fullfill in battle (physical attacker, mage, medic and so on) and you can freely combine these in different battle paradigms. The ""paradigm shift"" system, which requires the player to change the roles of each character in your party according to different situations in battle, is pretty much the most intense and fun battle system in the Final Fantasy series, if you take your time to master it. Different characters have different specialities in battle, and combining those specialities in an effective way is the main challenge of this game. Final Fantasy 13 is HARD, especially near the end, and requires you to really explore the battle system and master it to take down some really tough foes (with millions and millions of hit points). Finally taking down an especially tough enemy that you have tried to kill many times before with various different accessory/paradigm setups is an intensely rewarding experience.Weapon/accessory upgrading is also a nice touch. Hunting the ""Treasure hunter"" -trophy, which requires you to hold every weapon and accessory available in the game, is tough and most of my gaming hours consist of trying to achieve this trophy...I have seen some complaints about the optimizing of this game, but it runs very smoothly with only a few fps drops here and there with my 2,6 ghz, 8 gb ram laptop with a Nvidia Geforce 710M card. No complaints there.To sum it up, if you can look past some of the obvious design flaws, this game is very rewarding, challenging and fun.Score: 80/100"
,Recommended,292120,27795921,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Plain ol' Denied,"I've always been a fan of the Final Fantasy Series and I believe that FFXIII didn't disappoint me in the slightest.The story was slightly confusing to me in the beginning because I was hearing about all of this terminology and factions that I couldn't differentiate between but, eventually, I managed to sort out who the good guys were and who the ""bad guys"" were, AKA everyone else. I found the story to be a mix of lots of action, sprinkles of romance, and about a cup of sadness. I did get frustrated at some points because, in the beginning, it feels like the story isn't progressing at all, but eventually you will realize that a lot was going on in the beginning.The soundtracks were absolutely amazing. Take away about 10 hours from my play time and that's the time I spent staring at the cutscene that plays once you enter the game and the music that plays. Sometimes I just had to stop and listen to the music and realize around 2 hours later that I hadn't done a single thing.As expected, the characters and the world itself were very beautiful and awesome. Lightning is now my #1 female FF character. I think the characters, appearance wise,  speak for themselves. It's the world that I want to talk about. As I progressed through the game I would just stop and stare at some of the scenery and try and line my camera up just right for the screenshot. Especially when you reach chapter 12 and get to the plains. That giant that you can see past the mountains makes this game 10x better. You won't be disappointed with the graphics in this game. (I just spam Lightning's One Man Army attack because I think it's cool :3)I would recommed getting this game 10/10Join this group if you are a Final Fantasy FanFFEnthusiasts"
,Recommended,292120,12474076,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Gjølberg,"It's a pretty long hallway that opens up in the end, if you have the patience you will experience one of the most okay-ish open world areas in entire series. Battle system is pretty fun and the battle music kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,292120,13322099,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,♀iYA♀,"After playing 60hrs on FFXIII, got those achievement and still leveling my role and Im not done yet.  Here's what i experience(Before New Patch )First Launch-720p lock graphics this is ok for me coz I got a low PC and im running on 30fps but when I play it on offline mode turn off all running device on my computer only FFXIII was running i got 50fps-Game recommend gamepad rather than Keyboard/mouse controller you get higher fps if you playing this on gamepad(After Patch) Late Launch-Resolution 1366x768 this is my max resolution and I can use that now and got high fps playing than before this patch-gameplay seems running faster than now and I am really HappyHere's my specOS: Win7 Ultimate 32bitRam: 4GBProcessor: Intel core i3 3.07(4 CPUs) ~3.1GHzVideo card: ATI Radeon HD 5600 SeriesI know many players don't recommend this game and they got higher spec than me, as you can see mine was a low spec and I can play this game at 50fps not max but good fps and now the patch release I got 60fps on offline mode and only running was FFXIII, those who wants to play this game I recommend to use gamepad PS3,Xbox or Logitech because you can play this smoother on gamepad rather than keyboard/mouse.......I recommend this game and now I'm gonna play FFXIII-2 and see what the difference they gotP.S I didn't play this on PS3 or Xbox coz I don't have console that's why I can't tell what's the difference between Console games and PC port thing...... and sorry for my bad english and wrong spell"
,Recommended,292120,12439335,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"Update [11 Nov @ 12am GMT+7]+ Graphics, it was actually released in 2009. Even now it's still gorgeous to look at.+ Soundtracks, as expected from FF series. Oh, man, how I love Kimi ga Iru Kara.+ Gameplay, if you love turn-based JRPG kind of game, you will love it so much that you have fun with every combat and every turn you take.+ Characters, Square Enix has always designed their Final Fantasy series' characters in a good pace, and Lightning in FFXIII is oh-so-♥♥♥♥ing-beautifully-handsome, admit it!I hate Snow so much that I can't bare with him+ Combats, if you are patient enough not to skip all tutorials, they all teach you how to do each combat in battle mode really well. You will get to understand how to do all combats easier and have much more fun if you get used to them as soon as possible.+/- Story, as you know, it's very linear, so it's quite boring sometimes and... Square Enix used to do better than this, so yeah...+/- Voiceover/Storate, dealing with country zones might annoy some people who want both international and Japanese, but then again it comes with 60GB which is way too heavy. I have no problem with it since I love playing Japanese game with only original Japanese language. (And I'd rather stay with 30GB)+/- ESC Key, it's not very good User eXperience to design ESC key as a sudden quit out of the game without any confirmation (this will not happen when you play in windowed mode), but if you get used to it then it's ok, I think.- Options/Settings, not good option design to configure, such as graphics/video quality, audio, keyboard/controller settings and it should be full controller support soon since it is ported from PS3/XBOX360 for God's sake.- Resolutions, locked resolution only at 1280x720p, seriously?- Lagging Issues, I found many cutscenes/scenes/battle mode while playing is quite lagged. Low frame rate when more objects appear on a screen. Even more lagging problems when SHIFT-TAB to access any guides/screenshots/etc.- Crash, the game crashed from time to time while I was playingsI still stand my ground and DO recommendthe game. I genuinely understand those who didn't recommend since I still feel dissapointed even now. I personally think it's not the game's fault, butthe portitself. So...Recommend:if you're a fan or never played FFXIII before, because you don't own PS3/XBOX360. Let's give it a try, if you do want to play. :)Not Recommend:if you're not into the series or already own PS3/XBOX360, then play it on PS3/XBOX360 instead or wait for the port to get updated and have better improvement.It's Final Fantasy, anyway. Just play it if you're a fan of the series. For now, we might have to deal with the way it is. (To be honest, I'm also dissapointed by this.) From my perspective, this FFXIII's PC version needs to be improved very soon. I'm looking forward to the patch updates."
,Recommended,292120,31118270,Posted: 13 April,all,Xansos,"Something in me urged to write this review,A blinding light.Hailed as the worst thing that humanity has ever made ever, Final Fantasy XIII really is just a long tutorial, one goddamn metal gear solid 3 stairs long (even longer). It's true, the first 20-30 hours of the game you can just sit back and press the 'a' or 'x' button and win every battle,It plays itself.But there's something left to be desired from this game, a meat hidden before a pack of nails.Now you might think that you don't care about the gameplay, you're just here for the story. That's great and all except for♥♥♥♥ing Hope. It's probably the reason why I can't remember any of the story now, because I was so focused on him, The story involves something being crystal and saving someone. I honestly don't know what kept me going, maybe it's thelong hallwayintriguing world andloveable characterSazh.Once you reach Gran Pulse, the game transforms. Somehow, I dare say, it became fun. The combat now has more depth and the freedom you get is fresh and exciting. The sidequest and the monsters, especially riding chocobos felt great. Everything became fun, you can also switch characters and not choose Hope. Or choose him, his character developed later on and he's kinda useful.To truly understand Final Fantasy XIII we need to question every game design that had been made. The long, giant hallways is really just a satire and metaphor for every game that exist. If you really, really think about it, Mario is just a long 2d hallway. The only difference between them is that FF13 lets you move in every direction. GTA V, praised for its open world, is also a long giant hallway, the difference is the size of the hallway is massive in that game, so you don't feel like you're in a hallway. It's all just an illusion. Why do we have to play games if it's all just a massive hallway? This game critisize on the very idea of playing games itself, it showed a bold and blatant real hallway, not a metaphorical one.We all live in a giant hallway."
,Recommended,292120,26840824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matthew,"No where near as bad as people make it out to be, I've really enjoyed playing through 13 and looking forward to playing the rest of the trilogy."
,Recommended,292120,23809896,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Grace,"Final Fantasy XIII reviewOh boy, here we go: Final. Fantasy. X. I. I. I. Ahem. Originally released back in 2009, this was the first entry of Square's juggernaut franchise on the PS3 and Xbox 360. This was also one of the most (if not the most) controversial title; fans and critics were heavily divided. The game itself spawned two direct sequels, FFXIII-2 and Lightning Returns, as part of the ""Nova Crystallis"" series. Honestly, I'm still conflicted about this game but let's get into the details:Story:This is easily the game's weakest point. It's a colossal mess of unnecessary jargon and convoluted narration. Seriously, get ready to face a barrage of terms such as cie, fal'cie, l'cie, ci'eth, and etc. The characters try their hardest to explain everything but it just falls flat. The gist of the story is that a group of people becomes ""tainted"" and labeled as ""enemies of the state"" so now they must elude capture while overturning the status quo by taking down storm troopers, a guy who looks like the pope, a Gundam Wing reject, and a giant Picasso painting? Um, yeah.The main playable characters are okay.  Nobody stands out as being super annoying or unlikable, but nobody stands out as being well developed with deep personalities either. Everyone is just kind of bland. They are there to move the story along and that's pretty much it.Gameplay:If the story is the weakest part of this game, then the gameplay is the second weakest. There is one saving grace that I will get to shortly. Anyway, the game is 90% corridors and hallways. If you're claustrophobic I highly recommend you stay away from playing this. You go from point A to point B  and are interrupted by cutscenes at various checkpoints. You can also expect boss fights and the such. Treasure chests are plainly in view and you'll never get lost. The game is almost entirely devoid of puzzles. Sounds like boring and lazy dungeon design? Well, it is.The saving grace for this game is the battle system. Square implemented an interesting and engaging battle system that takes the classic ATB system and morphs it into something refreshing. Your ATB gauge fills up and the total ""length"" determines the number of actions you can take. For example, I can choose to ""Attack"" use ""Flamestrike"" and then follow it up with three casts of ""Ruin"". There is no MP in this game; all actions are limited based on how many commands you input in the ATB bar. The stronger the attack, the more space it will require.Furthermore, there are the paradigm and stagger mechanics as well. Paradigms allow you to quickly switch the roles of your characters. There are six roles: Commando, Ravager, Medic, Sentinel, Saboteur, and Synergist. I'm not going to go over what each one does, but you do need to understand when and how to use each of these roles to get through the tougher fights. This also plays into the ""stagger mechanism"". Every enemy has a ""chain gauge"" and you fill this up by attacking it. Once it reaches its limit the enemy will ""stagger"" and for a limited amount of time your attacks will do massive amounts of damage. This is absolutely key because most bosses and regular enemies have very healthy life pools. In fact, if you don't quickly learn how to balance staggering enemies and keeping your characters alive, you will be defeated in many boss fights.Indeed, the battle system is both refreshing and challenging. At first things will be easy, but by the later chapters the difficulty ramps up and even normal mobs can wipe you with ease if you're not paying attention. This makes the game engaging to play and overcoming a tough boss very satisfying.Graphics and Sound:Another plus for this game are the graphics. Despite this being a seven year old game, it looks quite nice. Square clearly spared no expense in this department. The character models and facial expressions are very well done along with enemy design and special effects. The only issue is the background environments, but that's mostly because of the boring design (all the corridors and hallways kind of blend in) and not technical faults.The music is very ""meh"". Nobuo Uematsu's scores are no where to be found and there wasn't anything memorable. (I believe Uematsu's final work for Square was in FFXII). I mean the music is not terrible by any means but it just doesn't do the game justice, especially a flagship FF title. The voice acting ranges from average to above-average so no real complaints there. I just wish the characters were actually interesting though.Final Thoughts:Come for the battle system and pretty graphics and try not to get bogged down by everything else. If you can get over the abysmal story and dungeon design then you'll enjoy this game for sure. And if you're into achievement hunting look up a guide for ""Treasure Hunter"". It's notoriously grindy :)"
,Recommended,292120,24639045,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Square EnixPublishers:Square EnixInitial release:Oct 2014Genre:JRPG#Worth/NotWorth:#MissedOpportunityButStillEnjoyable* REVISED *I wrote a “mixed” review of this game a while back that through repeated consideration and recently going back to play other Final Fantasy games I realized that my complaints regarding it's linearity were and are unwarranted. I do however wish that Square Enix had broken away somewhat from this formulaic approach.I absolutely loved the battle system, it's so fluid and dynamic. It's one of the best I've ever dealt with.The revised old review follows belowExposition, Concurrence and SummationThis game is linear... really linear, almost literally the entire game is in a hallway. Connected by more hallways. This is true while it does open up in the late game, the VERY late game but that area still feels like filler material.Mechanics :The battle system is extremely chaotic at first glance. It's essentially a meter management sim. However it sure feels good when you manage those meters well. The battle system is almost completely automated, you have 6 characters and 6 roles they could play.Quick summation of each roleCommando – Builds chains, physical attacksRavager – aids in chain building, stagger meter drains faster than COM, uses magicSentinel – the consummate tank, aggro machineSynergist – Provides + stat buffsSaboteur – not intuitively named, gives target – stat debuffsMedic – support healer, self explanatoryYou take either two or three of these roles depending on where you are at in the narrative. And form Paradigms or strategies (up to six) Essentially you control the leader of the pack while the other party members fulfill their role they have been assigned in the current paradigm. Effectively you as the leader switch paradigms to best fit the situation at hand. With most battles objective to get the enemy stagger meter all the way up, allowing their turns to be interrupted and take more damage. All battles essentially go on like this for the duration of the game. (Building chains essentially is the stagger meter, as in when the meter drops to zero you must restart “the chain” to get the enemy staggered once again)There are a few exceptions such as the gestalt Eidolon battles. Which have you perform the same sorts of tactics under a timer. THE DOOM TIMER. Spooky. You end the battle by getting the gestalt meter to the top and pushing a button. A sort of manifestation of consciousness as I understand. Which leads me to the other part of battles which is known as TP or technical points. You can summon your Eidolon or do other moves unlocked through the various roles. Which in my experience were only useful in the end game. The Summons however where almost completely useless. A sort of fan service if I may borrow the term.The game does open up.In Chapter 9, you gain the ability to select your party and assign them any role. However it seems slightly counter productive to have your characters spec down a completely different path then what you've been doing for the past 20+ hours. In Chapter 11, the infamous open world comes to fruition. Sort of. You're no longer traversing an extremely linear actual hallway. You now have open fields to explore. You do have the option to take side missions but they are just crystal way-points. There is some loose narrative in that you are fulfilling the focus of a l'cie turned Cei'th but what it really feels like is monster hunting to disguise level grinding. All that being said, they are not all easy fights. I had to adopt new strategies rather quickly to survive.The game is in fact rather easy until you are suddenly dropped into the wild fields of chapter 11 leading you into ten's possibly triple digits (if you're a completionist) of additional hours of fighting enemy after enemy. It can be a bit grind-y sure. But in this genre that is too be expected.It's just missing that special something. There isn't any HUB world. No replenishing stock with your favorite vendor and establishing a rapport after a long grind of killing beasts in the forests. Just inanimate kiosks that bring you goods should you ever need to actually purchase something. And that's another issue. Other-worldly precious Gil is almost a total non factor. Complete let down.The story is fine. It's nothing to write home about. Lightning is a cool character. I like her better than Liara T'Soni (same voice actor which is a strange comparison to bring up to be honest) Although some obvious character tropes drag on a little long in my opinion.THE GISTAfter long arduous thinking and comparisons to previous Final Fantasy games I grew up with as a kid. This is MORE of that, with a really really great battle system on top of it and my immediate gut and visceral reaction to the linearity may have been preemptive likely an expectation of something markedly different then what is to be expected from an established genre. The game didn't change, I did.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,292120,29886401,Posted: 12 February,all,44th | Xenoyia @ university,"As a long-time Final Fantasy fan, I've played and completed nearly every game from 1 to X. When the games, in my opinion, tanked from X-2 onwards, I avoided all of the following sequels. However, in an attempt to actually play something instead of just criticise it from afar, I ended up finishing 13 in a matter of a few weeks.""Final Hallway 13"", named as such because 80% of the game is walking through linear corridors is such a deviation from what I'm used to in final fantasy that it might as well be a Devil May Cry spin-off. You spend most of the game holding forwards without being able to explore more than the infrequent branching hallway that leads to a time consuming enemy and lackluster loot. In my opinion, this is the game's worst problem and why it doesn't feel like a Final Fantasy game.The battles are a little more interesting - as you progress, you get the ability to switch 'paradigms' which are basically sets of classes/jobs you assign your party. As jobs were the reason I prefer FF5 over FF6, this kept me going through the tedious stretch of a corridor that makes up the first 10 chapters of the 13 chapter game. There are six jobs/roles you get access to from various stages of the game:Commando - more attack powerRavager - 'stagger' opponents fasterMedic - heal/remove ailmentsSentinel - draw aggro while defending/counteringSynergist - buff teammatesSaboteur - debuff opponentsOnce you understand what all of these do, you can construct sets of paradigms to deal with different opponents and use them effectively. A medic, synergist and a saboteur are good to start off a battle - buff, debuff and heal while waiting for all the buffs, then switch to two ravagers and a commando to build up the stagger meter. Once the enemy is staggered, switch to two commandos and a ravager or three commandos and blast it back to hell with crazy attack power. Once you need healing, switch to a healing paradigm (three medics, or two medics and a sentinel) to get you ready for the next round of staggering.A lot of people see this as a negative part of the game, but I actually welcome it - it's not just mashing A to win like a lot of the critics say (even though that sums up pretty much every final fantasy game), you actually have to pay attention to the battle and switch to the necessary paradigm and you just feel more involved with the combat.When you finally win the battle, you get a certain amount of EXP (named 'Crystarium Points', or 'CP' in FF13) which is stored for you to spend whenever you're ready to spend them. There are no levels for your character, instead you level up the various roles and unlock abilities within them. This adds a lot of depth to the levelling system and allows you to focus characters to specific roles.When you reach Chapter 11, you finally go out into the big open world to do missions (64 of them!) and grind until you're able to beat the chapter's somewhat difficult boss. It's recommended to not leave this chapter until you have maxed out all of your primary roles, as you can't return until Chapter 13 and you're going to need the grinding to be able to keep up with the upcoming boss battles. It was only at this chapter that the game felt like a real final fantasy, and I started having a lot of fun and I actually spent half of my hours on this game grinding and doing missions in the open world.I'm not going to give any spoilers for the plot, but after you finish the game you get a 'post-game' which allows you to continue grinding and finishing off any missions you didn't do in Chapter 11, but by that point (for me anyway) I found it pointless to continue grinding.The characters are fairly generic JRPG characters, although I did get quite into the plot and I found myself playing the game just to watch the cutscenes and see what happens, which is the opposite of what you want in this type of game. You have Lightning, Snow, Hope, Sazh, Vanille and a character which is revealed later in the game (no spoilers!).While the characters were lazy rehashes of old final fantasy characters, I did find myself invested in their (rather shallow) backstories in what appeared to be a serious case of stockholm syndrome.In summary, it's a good game that's worth trying - but not a good Final Fantasy. If you don't like linear hallways, this game may not be for you. However, if you like decent stories and can wait for a great part of the game to open up, this game is worth trying."
76561198260148156,Not Recommended,292120,33090216,Posted: 1 July,all,FailsInSilence,"As much as I love final fantasy I refuse to recommend this due to the quality of the port.It seems to be a hit and miss on whether or not the game will run properly for you, in my case I had to install some 3rd party software and fiddle with alot of settings to get it to run properly while there are people who've experienced no problems at all.DO NOT buy this if you're not willing to spend time fiddling with settings and maybe installing 3rd party software to get a game to run.this thread is immensley helpful in sorting out some problemshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=593542354The cpu unparker may also help with certain cpu modelshttp://coderbag.com/Programming-C/CPU-core-parking-manager-v3There is also a slight stutter if you do not have a gamepad plugged in as the game checks for a controller every 6 or so seconds I believe to get around this either A- plugin a controller(some may not fix this) or B- download a gamepad emulator(again hit or miss whether this would work for you.)"
,Not Recommended,292120,28665163,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,xikes,"I played and loved many Final Fantasy games and I really wanted to like this game. But I can't.This is too stretched out, At the end I was simply trying to get from one destination marker to the other while trying to skip combats as much as possible. Why? Because:Combat is either boring or completely unfair. There are endless amount of fights you just tap auto-battle and see it resolve by itself. And there are those fights that seem a bit more challenging -you switch paradigms and do some healing and buffing/debuffing but then the monster suddenly gets 4 attacks in a row and wipes your entire party.I really dislike this odd real-time-action/turnbased mix. If it's turn based, it should have some indications on who gets to act when. If it's action, then there should be free and fast ways to pick an attack type and execute it, not by a means of some menus where you waste time by picking the right abilities. It feels like this is the worst of both worlds - tbs without possibility to plan ahead and action without possibility to enjoy an action type combat. There is too little control over what is going on.I played until Chapter 11 and then a bit more. After that I decided to just watch the remaining cutscenes on Youtube - this is how bad the stuff between cutscenes is.The visuals were neat. The music was ok. I kinda liked the story. The worldbuilding was nice. As for the characters - idk, a bit lacking imo."
76561198022751934,Recommended,292120,33894949,Posted: 29 July,all,Manabender,"I hear three main complaints made against FF13. I'd like to argue against at least two of them.The first complaint I hear is that it's highly linear.This is true; until the end game, there's really only one primary direction to go at any given time. However, it's also A) Not a big deal, and B) Par for the course. Consider the start of FF4; once the king orders you to go to Mist, you really only have two meaningful options: go to Mist, or diddle around and fight random encounters. Only one of them is going to progress the story. The situation is much the same in FF13 (though with a different definition of ""random encounters""). In fact, consider most of FF4. Consider the first half of FF6. Consider everything before getting the Epoch in Chrono Trigger*. In all these cases, the situation is the same. All three of those games are exceptionally good, yet are all about as linear as FF13.The difference is in the presentation; FF13 simply doesn't hide its linearity.The second complaint I hear is that the battles are far too easy because you can win by spamming auto-battle.This is provably untrue. In fact, go ahead and try it. It might work for a couple hours, but soon enough, you'll find it only ever gets you killed. You have to exploit the paradigm system to its fullest to overcome some fights. In fact, by and large, that's what the combat system is about. If you use the paradigm system correctly, you probably can, in most cases, just spam auto-battle.The third complaint I hear is that the story is an incomprehensible cluster****.This is...maybe true? I've been mostly keeping up with it. That being said, I could see how it could get confusing if you fail to understand (or just miss) a key explanation. You're certainly going to be completely lost if you never figure out what a ""l'Cie"" is. I suppose at the end of the day, your milage may vary.Now, all that said, lets be perfectly clear.Is FF13 the best FF game? Not by a long shot.Is FF13 the worst FF game? Not at all. (I never liked FF8, and FF1 is far too grindy)Is FF13 worth your time and money? Maybe. Depends on how much you like the kind of game it is.*I suppose the argument can be made forthe ability to fight Lavos at virtually any time, but let's be honest; the average player, outside of New Game+, is going to get their butt served to them on a silver platter if they try to fight Lavos early."
76561198056497077,Not Recommended,292120,20111055,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rahizial,I don't mind the idea of linear levels because you can pack the content closer together than in an open world game. In theory that is. However these levels are devoid of any reason to do more than move from point a to b while fighting a few enemy types over and over again. It really feels lacking in comparision to all the previous FF games overall.
76561198084436428,Recommended,292120,30448075,Posted: 11 March,all,Fisty_McFister,"I've beaten the game on ps3 and 360, only played about 14 hours so far on steam.Final Hallway XIII gets a bad rap. Yes, it is a linear RPG that made the unfortunate choice of putting the first section of the game literally ""on rails"" (a railroad), and it is absolutely true that it takes upwards of 20-30 hours before you get to the open world sections.People tend to forget that the most beloved ""open world"" final fantasies only felt open world: you could go to your choice of 2 or 3 new areas or backtrack, not travel wherever you wanted. This mis-remembrance is really the source of most of the game's hate, in several areas.First, the aforementioned linearity.Second, unlikable characters (apart from 9, and now 15, I believe this is true of ALL final fantasy titles).Third, ""oversimplified combat."" This is the one that irks me the most. People complain that the paradigm system encourages you to ""just mash x"" with no strategy. These people must have not progressed very far in the game, because managing sentinel and healer roles while preventing your stagger bar from depleting with damage classes is a difficult balance to strike. As for ""mashing x,"" this is what you do in every. turn. based. rpg. ever. You cycle up the attack command or whatever skill you're spamming, and mash x as fast as you can. the only difference here is that you can use libra or fight the same enemy type repeatedly to have your characters learn what spell is the best. How does this change the traditional RPG experience?Instead of scrolling through lightning and blizzard to get to fire, the character learns that fire is most effective and auto ques it for you, which you push X to confirm.Don't believe the hate. It's an engaging and beautiful (graphical fidelity still holds up today) game that gets you 50+ hours of gameplay for around 20 bucks."
76561197963618836,Not Recommended,292120,14402985,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Leucrota,"Mom dies in front of her kid, friend of kid says, ""aw, it's too much, isn't it"" then giggles and runs off.That's the writing in a nutshell.  That being said, graphics are always good, which is the main selling point of FF series, however, combat is extremely dumbed down to the point where you only control one character per combat.  It's like they took most of the strategy out of turn based combat.  I used to love past FF games, but this is just watching a movie while you're constantly trying to skip the combat to get to the next scene.  That's how boring combat is."
,Recommended,292120,28570924,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dave,"Definitely one of the best games in my life. Though I finished the game but I still play it. Final Fantasy XIII is a JRPG type game where character development matters more. You need to fight against many enemies to gain a so called Crystarium points. There are 6 characters in the game and you can choose which 3 characters would you take to battle. Beating enemies will give all characters the same Crystarium points. The story is very linear until you reach chapter 11. At chapter 11 you will get to Gran Pulse that is sorrunded with many Cie'th Stones that grant you side mission. There are a total of 60 side missions. Their difficulty is from E-A. Once you defeat Orphan (the final and not the hardest boss) you will grant access to Crystarium level 5 where you can max out all your characters and face Vercigentorix (the toughest boss in the game). The battle system is a paradigm system. There are a total of 6 paradigms: Commando, Ravager, Sentinel, Synergist, Saboteur and Medic roles. You can create 6 different paradigms. During the battle you need to switch between paradigms by using the TAB button on your keyboard. Once you are used to it it can be quite a fun. Mouse is supported in the game for camera control. Game audio is available in English and Japanese. Among the Final Fantasy XIII series I would rate this game as 10/9."
,Recommended,292120,12468691,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,edge7_77,"----------------------------------------------------------------------Updated Review----------------------------------------------------------------------If like me this is your first time playing FFXIII, I would definately recommend this game.  It has an interesting combat system and awesome cut scenes, with lots of character development.  Well worth the price.  If however you have previously played this game on the consoles I would not recommend this game.  After all it is the exact same game you have already played.  There are no graphical improvements, no added quests, items, weapons, etc..  With only a slight increase in framerate & achievements thrown into the mix.--------------------------------------------------------------------------Original Review--------------------------------------------------------------------------.I definately recommend this game.  It may be linear, but the combat is fun and fairly complex.  The story is pretty good, Each of the characters in your party has their own history and motivation.  The cinematics and world are beautifully rendered.  This is my first time playing ffxiii but so far I am thoroughly enjoying the game.  As ports go, I jave played far worse.A lot of people have been saying negative things about the game, honestly I don't agree with some of those comments:1. The game is a massive 60Gb (When I first pre-ordered the game it was actually 30GB, but it only had English audio which upset a lot of fans, who then made a huge issue about it, even going so far as to start a petition to get SE to add Japanese audio to the game, which they then did, doubling the size of the game, so is it really SE's fault for the massive size when all thet were doing was listening to the fans?)2. Game locked at 720p (There's already an unofficial patch that unlocks 1080p)3. The only difference between the pc version and the ps3 version was increased framerate (What did you expect the game is only $16)4. They say don't buy the game so that SE has to make better next time (Seeing as one of the reasons the released FFxiii on pc was to see if it will be viable to release future ff games on pc, this means if only a few people buy ffxiii we will most likely see very few ff games coming to pc, this would mean no ffxv on pc)So far my game has run smoothly with no lag.My pc specs:Windows 7 64 bitQuad core 2.6 Ghz4 GB RamGeforce GT 430So if you want a fun fantasy jrpg for only $16 and you want to increase the chance of more final fantasy games coming to pc buy this game."
,Not Recommended,292120,29111232,Posted: 8 January,all,Trey,"A very pretty game with good music, likeable characters, and an interesting storyline. Combat is also engagingly innovative for about 30 hours.Unfortunately it suffers from terrible writing, incredibly linear (nearly nonexistent) level design, and awful pacing issues. It is, essentially, a 50 hour walk down a relatively boring but nice looking and occasionally emotionally satisfying hallway - and the hallway gets significantly more boring and difficult around the 25-30 hour mark.I enjoyed parts of this game, but it was just too underwhelming for me to recommend. It suffers from being an oppressive slog for the latter half of the game. Unless you're a die hard Final Fantasy fan or really want to play a more modern (is it even?) JRPG and can get it for sale, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198025640353,Recommended,292120,16467789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,foxy キツネ,THE GAEM IS PLAYING ITSELF JOHN
,Recommended,292120,12747936,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aqua,"Final Fatnasy XIII is a great game, while I'll admit the PC port isn't great it doesn't really take away from the experience. Characters of the game are enjoyable and leave a good impression, the soundtrack is awesome and memorable. Overall the   sotry telling i phenomenal but can get melodramatic at times if you're not accustomed to Jrpg's and their type of story telling. I think this game is a good purchase and i would recommend it to everyone who wants a good rpg with a great story :D."
76561198028918001,Recommended,292120,12579501,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Joe,"A lot of people are getting bent out of shape over the glaring lack of graphical options, and rightfully so, however, for £11, I'd say this game is definitely worth it. Couple of things you should take note of before purchase:- You'll probably have a better experience if you have a Controller- Do not expect an open world experience like you did in FF3-9 + 12 it's definitely more like 10- Graphics issues can be fixed with a quick google 'Durantes FFXIII fix'"
,Not Recommended,292120,18950814,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TR!GGA,It is the worst FF part I ever played.Open world starts in chapter 11 after 40 hours of gameplay.In those 40 hours you wander around in super linear surroundings with a movie clips literally every 3-5 minutes!The first 15 hours I thought that this was just the introduction. So you keep on playing. After 20ish hours you realize that this crap actually is the main story. By that time you dont want to give it away.Buying and Upgrading system is completely useless. Savepoints/shops are everywhere and you cannot buy anything useful anyway. There never comes a feeling up like: NIce I reached a city and maybe it has some new weapons for me.The time I reached the open world I felt more frustrated and overwhelmed because I expected the end to be more linear after 40 hours.Never buy this game. Don't let you get tricked by the graphics... This game is the perfect example that games are more than just graphics.
,Recommended,292120,25389288,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"I won't pass judgement on the actual game yet, but the port is horrendous. No sound options, limited video options, runs like absolute garbage on a 6700k/GTX970, with very low CPU and GPU utilization. It's not even that it's crazy demanding and the hardware can't handle it, it's just a poorly optimized, bloated console port. I suppose it's better than nothing, but this sort of attitude will only lead to other ports like this. Square Enix needs to be praised for bringing the Final Fantasy games to PC, but they also need to be heaviliy criticized for half-assing it. I guess if you're ok with highly inconsistent framerates, the complete lack of audio sliders and a very, VERY limited options menu, give it a go. It's certainly better than what you're gonna get on the previous gen consoles (PS3;Xbox360), it does look really, really good for a relatively older title and it's also cheaper than a lot of the old FF games on Steam. This is probably the most cautious recommendation I'm ever gonna give to a game (not that anyone cares)."
,Not Recommended,292120,12887648,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Watercolours,"I didn't want to write a review before 100%ing it to fully understand the shortcomings of this game. Now that I finally have, I can talk about it somewhat fairly. The truth is that there's so much wrong with this game that it's hard to recommend it to just anyone.I enjoyed the combat system. The faster paced paradigm shift system (similar FFX-2's ATB/dressphere system) was a refreshing take on the turn based combat that FF12's didn't really provide. Shift canceling/ATB canceling also provided a lot more depth into what may look like simple combat mechanics. The story was acceptable but had major pacing issues with the first 10 chapters feeling overextended, while the last 3 chapters were much more enjoyable and interesting, yet shorter. What really stands out in the game however, are the visuals. Everything from the prologue to the end is a gorgeous vista of sci-fi fantasy, with a decadent high-tech society clashing against a beautiful yet raw planetscape. Eden in particular stood out for me, with it's beautiful architecture and sci fi-esque atmosphere.However, the infamous graphical issues, the random crashes that occur and the ESC key essentially being a one button Alt+F4 are major issues in this game. It's depressing to see a fan-made fix that was made in one day is still the only option to fix this heavily broken game. Squenix recently patched, and I was hoping for some official fixes, but all we got was a simple pop-up change to ask if you really wanted to quit the game when you hit ESC. Not even an ingame message but for me it distorts the current game screen and freezes it. Only by Alt-Tabbing do I see an off screen dialog window box asking me whether I really want to exit the game. I knew Japanese pc ports had a terrible history, but this one is almost as bad as the Dark Souls port (at least we didn't need GFWL). Technical issues aside, the pacing is terrible, you don't actually get to use the full combat system for the first half of the game. Sidequests are replaced by what is essentially hunts from FF12, the Crystarium system of leveling is extremely shallow with the bare minimum of choice. Animations are often clunky and slow for the kind of fast paced combat the game uses. These are some of the most obvious probelms you'll encounter.Overall, it isn't a terrible game. However, it's got so much wrong with it'll be hard to finish or enjoy, even for the seasoned RPG fanatic. It's a definite oddity in the consistency we've seen in the FF series. While it did have some very good areas, it's crippled of it's potential. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they had the tenacity to see it through, and even then they might regret it."
,Recommended,292120,22787428,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Eranoid,"I don't know why everyone keeps bashing the game for being a bad PC port, honestly I never had framerate issuesThat aside the game is in my opinion very fun, the story might take a while to get into howeverJust be prepared for the boss at the end of chapter 9, he is without doubt the hardest boss of the game, not including the optional superbosses"
,Recommended,292120,12432644,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Him of Many Faces,"TL;DR: Go and get it, it might not be the best one, but it's still Final Fantasy.Pros:§ Wonderful soundtrack§ Interesting job system that allows to switch jobs during the battle§ I find certain characters hillarious (e.g. Sazh, that guy is the definition of `cool`)§ Great cinematics and graphics§ 12 euros for an AAA title (seriously)Cons:§ Story might get confusing at first (but if you read the datalog, you'll be fine)§ Very linear, no open world or side quests (so far, 4 chapters into the game)§ Battles are VERY easy in the first chapters (auto-battle + potion, seriously)§ Doesn't work with Steam In-Home Streaming (controls get stuck) ~link~§ No graphics options, locked at 720p (3rd party fix available though)"
76561198012626337,Recommended,292120,30032570,Posted: 19 February,all,Hellios Rayearth,"While i do understand the criticisms of regarding FF13 series and its deviation from the usual JRPG formula that FF series is known for, I do not understand the hate everyone seems to have for the actual story. During my xbox 360 days, i only bought used games and these titles (FF13) are probably one of the few non-multiplayer i bought at retail; and that was after playing it for 3 hours from gamefly. Loved the series storytelling from beginning to end.May not be for everyone, especially for hardcore FF fanboys, but definitely not a trash series.﻿Game Mechs:6/10 - i do prefer the old formula- Open World vs. Linear (all 3 FF13 games)- time-based gameplay on a J-RPG (Lightning Returns) they should fire the retard that suggested this... seriously...Port Quality:1/10 - first 2 games in this series were lazily ported, and the fact that they know its a poor port, yet did not even attempt to offer an official fix is a slight show of Square being full of themselves. They are lucky they can mooch off the name of their franchise to keep their business running, but I wonder sometimes until when can they keep doing this until everyone from their fanbase is completely fed up.Game OST:8/10 - may not be for everyone, but loved it regardless. Have the Soundtrack of all 3 series in my iPhone.Visuals and Graphics:9/10- decent gameplay visuals- and as to be expected from the newer generation of FFs the cinematics are beautiful- very anime based which is somewhat of a + in my booksGameplay:5/10- Auto-battle needs to go. playing J-RPG is a homage to pen-and-paper RPG that need some degree of thinking and planning to sucessfully finish. This feature shi.ts on the concept and is a pathetic marketing tool designed to hand-hold casual players to reel them in longer. Square should recognize the fact that FF has always been successful all this time as a niche market and made them what they are today. There is no need to upset your current fan-base just to reel in a quick buck from people that will just buy your game and play for 1-5 hours. Casuals will always be casual. They can attempt to adjust or they can leave as simple as that.- Needs to be more populated. FF will always be a ""grind-game"" true RPGs in general are like that. Might be a good idea to populate your explorable areas more or scale the rewards as the player levels increase to alleviate the grind. The game does neither.Story:10/10- One of the game's few saving graces. Despite bombing important aspects of the game. This is the main reason why I feel compelled to recommend the game despite its shortcomings. If you can get over the slightly annoying game mechs/linearity/and its garbage port quality. Watching the story unfold while you are playing is more than enough reward for the sacrifice you made.Can't remember any other game that made me cry so much for kicks. It's no Shakespeare, that's true and it does have plot holes littered around the series, but it gets the job done regardless. With each character having their own sense of purpose that moves you while your playing. I've never seen such a cliche premise (save the princess/save the world) told in such a complex mind-fu.ck kind of way."
,Recommended,292120,12426991,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Startrance,"Let's see have seen alot of whining about this release, but nothing have to do with the actual gameplay. And that should be what matters, sure the game doesn't have 1080p atm so what? you don't think modders are working with this now? at least they didn't forget about 60FPS. Yes the game is locked at 720p is that bad? kinda but does that give this game a thumb down? no, do the game got graphic options? no not in-game but you can force things like AF and AA through Nvidia control panel or the equelant for AMD. So about the actual game? is it good? yes it's very good actually as good as the PS3 release. Why? because it's the same game. Are the controlls any good? yes they are actually very good i have tried this game with both gamepad and mouse and keyboard and you know what? the controlls are amazing. Final Fantasy XIII isn't just a game you merely enjoy. You fall in love with it. It's gorgeous worlds have you stopping to admire them in complete awe, while a graceful soundtrack massages your brain. Final Fantasy XIII is an amazing game. With an engrossing story and a thrilling new battle system, this is one title you can't afford to miss as an RPG fan. However, though it succeeds on the most important fronts, there are some notable areas where the game could have been better. The linear level design is a fairly large stumbling block, and if you are used to open-world games, it can make the entire experience feel a little claustrophobic.i give the game 8/10 it's a very great game, it's not perfect but very close."
,Not Recommended,292120,14404139,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nnay,"I'd like to start my review with the positive parts about the game.The story seems interesting but falls a bit flat.The graphics are great and it runs smooth even on older pcs.The characters are okay. Matter of taste. I find them not too bad.The controlls are alright in general but a bit sticky sometimes.But the overwhelmingly bad part what makes this game not even worth the 6,49€ on saleis the combat. Never in my life have I experienced a more boring combat than in FFXIII.Granted you don't have to use the auto-combat but there is literally no benefit for it if you don't.Put a healer, a sentinel and a pure dps in your team and click away.It doesn't matter what you do, just press enter. You won't die. You will always win.The only reason to play this game longer than for 10 minutes is if the story truly is capturing you.I honestly tried. But I just couldn't keep going. I genuinely almost fell asleep during combat.I cannot stress enough just how incredibly♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring this game is, solely because of the combat system.Difficulty changes nothing but numbers. Fights take even longer. So why bother.Don't buy this game. Seriously don't. It's not worth your money."
76561198063658007,Recommended,292120,32878912,Posted: 27 June,all,Poltergeist,"Best game ever, played it on PS, now it's on PC...get the game I loved it, its a bit linear in the end but has a awesome story"
,Not Recommended,292120,17413110,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,[SG] I cast FIST!,"In 10 hours worth of play, I feel like the game had nothing to grab me. Any tactical component the combat may have had was lost with the inclusion of an Auto button that chose pretty much the best attacks for me. Story wasn't anything interesting, and the world was basically a single linear path I followed with no deviation. It all looked pretty, and there's nothing necessarily 'wrong' with the game, it just didn't open up quick enough into something interesting.Edit: I'm at 40+ hours of play, nothing really changed. Still a linear path. It offers me a crafting upgrade system of sorts, but bottlenecks me with insane item and gil requirements. It offers me semi-customisation with the crystarium, but bottlenecks me with exorbitant costs for a single sphere. 11 chapters in and it gives me a Missions System, where I can take missions to hunt various monsters. 11 chapters in? Seriously?"
,Recommended,292120,34034660,Posted: 5 August,all,wany1981,"YS, Final Fantasy, Phantasy Star, Chrono-Trigger and dragon quest introduced us to RPG games.They are games built on wide open world exploration, character interaction, story development and combat mechanics.Final fantasy being one of the star RPG game Serie evolved greatly over the years.From massive maze exploration, character class system, mini-game, card game, 2D, 3D and even racing everything has been tried and changed over the years from game to game. That's what made the game stand out among fellow RPG. It was very interesting to play a new final fantasy game even though most of the final fantasy game story are not inter-connected with the next.Final Fantasy 13 has also go with some really interesting and unexpected change. From typical Japanese RPG, it tries to incorporate many religion and philosophical reference into this game and made it almost plays and feels poetic at times.From 13 days before the game begin to the 13 chapter of game.From Moral conflict to meaning of life and death.From 3as1 final boss to complete focus in life.This is probably the one and only final fantasy game that made me stop and think for deeper meaning that may or may not be there.Fantastic Graphics, Wondrous music, well done Sound effect, semi realistic CG graphics, Typical Japanese game setting built up into one very solid RPG. I can even overlook the lack of side quests, mini-game and linear map design and automatic fast pace combat. (I want to control my teammate damn it...) Make a bit story choice here and there with consequence would be better.9/10 for solid Japanese RPG and may this RPG Serie live long and prospers."
,Recommended,292120,31919325,Posted: 23 May,all,sammykneen,"+ Emotional story.+ Well-developed main characters.+ Unique, exciting battle system.+ Beautiful character models and environments come alive in 60fps.+ Enchanting soundtrack and solid voice acting.- First half of the game is extremely linear.- A few upscaling bugs on 2D UI elements when playing at 1920x1080 resolution or above.- Requires a CPU with high single thread performance to maintain 60fps, and inconsistent frametimes can cause stutter in FMVs."
,Not Recommended,292120,17537777,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,dingdong1203,"This game has some baseline performance issues. I'm able to play The Witcher 3 just fine on high settings with hairworks off, but I can't get it to do anything but stutter hard every few seconds. Its a really fun game that I played a ton of on my ps3, but I don't own one of those anymore but I thought it would work here. If you aren't being impacted by performance issues this game is super fun with tons of post-story content to play with the mechanics, but this version of the game is unplayable."
76561198073658782,Recommended,292120,26667236,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,なんで？！？！,"I actually really enjoy this despite alot of ppl not enjoying it. The gameplay definitely does get more involving later if you're like me and don't grind, because you need to switch between paradigms more often. The story I find to be nice and the character development is really good. Japanese voices all the way tho!!"
,Recommended,292120,29789519,Posted: 8 February,all,Met,"Before I list the pros and cons, I'm still going to recommend you play this game, for the sequels if nothing else.Pros:Stellar soundtrack as you would expect from Square EnixDecent graphicsAmazing cutscenesLots of lore in the datalogYou can pick which language you want the dub inCons:Fight system is not based on picking what attack to use, but what skillset your character themselves has to pick fromUnlikable charactersQuestionable character decisions and motivationsDifficulty spikes. Really massive difficulty spikes are a real problem in this gameTo truly understand the story you HAVE to trawl through all the lore in the datalogsGets really grindy after you get to PulseIt's still not open world after you get to Pulse you just have slightly more choice to what order you do things in"
,Recommended,292120,32586885,Posted: 20 June,all,Daiki+,+ Story+ Graphic- Gameplay- The sidequest kinda boring
76561198043053799,Not Recommended,292120,19789025,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,holychair,"Hmm ... I'm not very far in, and I usually don't write reviews this early, but here I felt I should because I'm really taken aback. So far this has absolutely nothing to do with any FF games I've played in the past - VI, VII, X and X-2, which I all liked in their own way. But this installment of the series here seems to be just a linear ""press A to win"" corridor runner. Though it still plays like a real long tutorial, if I don't make use of the ""press A to win"" mechanics (auto battle), the battles feel confusingly chaotic. And while there seems to be a certain (albeit small) promise to the story, the characters are extremely unlikeable and behave more than cringeworthy. Lightning is the best of the bunch, but even she is just a cardboard cutout.I fear I probably will stop loss and drop this even though I recently bought all three of them ...Edit: After yet another set of corridors and boring monsters, I decided to uninstall. I'm sad that a once great series has stooped so low."
,Recommended,292120,12918491,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bha!,"This is what an upcoming Final Fantasy game should be aiming to be in the future.It may not be your game if you are looking for a truly classic RPG full of decissions and deep character development and stuff like that but don't get me wrong, this game is outstanding and when you hear Final Fantasy you always get the best OST, art style, graphics, FMVs, characters and general design.Final Fantasy XIII makes it easier for newcomers to the series and focus on letting the player enjoy the game as much as possible with easy gameplay and many cutscenes that will make your jaw drop. If you are a Final Fantasy veteran, you may find the game too streamlined but hopefully it won't be too boring for you to enjoy what this game has to offer.As any other Final Fantasy game, expect more than 30-40 hours of main story and some extra content in the form of bosses, secrets or missions."
,Recommended,292120,30124402,Posted: 23 February,all,Turquerie,"Only really one problem with this game:Its not a game; its an interactive movie.....................................................................(game would imply one has options to choose from)But as an interactive movie:Its really good; due to the story and its chars:(Lightning looks alot like my wife; so this review is ""perhaps"" coloured by that)"
,Recommended,292120,12602195,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,PAC TEEDUS X,I have lost two relationships because of Lightning. Thanks Square-Enix for this incredible masterpiece of a video-game
,Recommended,292120,30000331,Posted: 17 February,all,AsatorPrime,"I've finally decided to play this game years after its release and it was a lot better than I was expecting after hearing it get dumped on over the last 8 years.The story is pretty average for a JRPG (in that bad writing, bad dialogue, but kinda charming type of way that most JRPS have). The characters were ok and I actually liked Lighting and Sazh, the only character I really disliked was Hope as I generally hate children characters and surprisingly Vanille grow on me from hate to indifference. Snow was also a♥♥♥♥♥♥character but not so bad that I hated him.I actually liked the combat more than most final fantasy games as it had me actually thinking a little more than your standard final fantasy game. Now, the game play was extremely linear and I can understand why people would dislike it. However, if you take a step back nearly all JRPS are linear games placed in an open worlds that are mostly empty, this game just gets rid of the empty world that I would normally ignore so I didn't have too many issues with it.Overall it's a pretty decent Final Fantasy game (nowhere near as good as 6 but still above average).Actual game aside, this port is full of technical issues and has horrible frame rate drops. The reason I don't play consoles is mostly due to the 30fps standard that most game have and this game hurt my head at times during the frame rate issues. If you cannot deal with 30fps or inconsistent frame rates do not buy this game."
,Recommended,292120,34403476,Posted: 21 August,all,James,"I've never been much of a fan of Final Fantasy games, but this entry has changed my mind - even if I'm quite a few years behind in having picked this up.Many people complain of linearity in the game, and they'd certainly be right in saying that - the game's one long corridor with a large blob at a relatively late stage. However, unlike many others, I consider this linearity to be a stength. The linearity allowed the narritive to advance at a comfortable pace that maintained momentum. Sure, the game opens up for a while later on, but the lack of narrative advancement durig this period just made the game utterly drag - largely because the pacing had become just so familiar. Yeah, you're given cutscenes but the characters have fully developed by this point - they contribute very little to any facet of the story.The story of Final Fantasy XIII does not draw its sterength from its narrative, but rather from its character development and interactions. Despite any marketing, Lightning is not the centre of this world - and I may even argue that she is perhaps the individual of least significance, being regularly overshadowed by playable and non-playable characters alike. She also remains consistently unlikable throughout, jumping back and forth in terms of development and going from being antagonistic, and sometimes just outright cruel, to suddenly becoming unbearably optimistic.However, for all Lightning's faults everyone else makes up for it, with some going from being completely unbearable (looking at you, Hope) to decently tolerable, some balancing out much more as they warm to the others they're with, and Sazh just being and outright fantastically drawn-up character - being incredibly likable whilst sacrificing nothing in depth and obvious struggles.Of course, all this talk of characters isn't to say that the rest of the story doesn't have any merits; there's a lot of depth and intrigue to be found in the narrative. I see a lot of complaints of confusion regarding the narrative although, personally, I feel that's exactly the point - the motives and relationships of the fal'Cie, Pulse and the Sanctum are not well understood by the populace of cocoon, and neither are they to the protagonists. You're supposed to feel lost and conflicted with them, and I think the writers have done a fantastic job of ensuring that you can only ever be sure of the motives of those close to you.There is a massive glaring issue with this confusion, though - concepts are not introduce in any clear or organic way: if you don't read the datalogs the first few chapters, and possibly even beyond, will not make any sense whatsoever - and that goes well beyond the scope of mystery set out.Speaking of narrative issues: the ending is absolutely atrocious. Whilst motives of the protagonists remain clear throughout the story, the last 15-30 minutes of the game just make an utter mess of this. Your suddenly doing things that you agreed not to for no clearly stated reason before an embarassing♥♥♥♥♥♥pull is made to tie the game up. It was an unfortunate end to something that was otherwise beautifull crafted.And what of gameplay? Put it this way: if you pick up this game you're definitely picking it up for the story. The battle system is quite nice, conceptually, but seems to have been implemented in the most frustrating way - giving you the absolute minimum level of control.For those of you, like myself, who had not yet had the pleasure of engaging with an ATB system I'll sum it up briefly:Rather than the traditional system of limiting actions by a finite resource pool, actions are instead based upon the time taken to charge them. A bar, divided into a variable number of segments, will fill throughout all idle time in a battle (and sometimes during actions, depending on equipment). Actions may be set in advance and will be executed all at once when enough segments have been filled to carry out those actions (some of which may require the maximum number of segments filled). This leaves the battles being rather desynchronised, which really adds a level of dynamicism to fight. Or rather, it would if they didn't have such clear-cut best strategies. Unfortunately enemies tend to be quite predictable, and so particular teams tend to be very stand-out due to the paradigm deck system which limits your tactically possibilities quite severely. For example the majority of the (free team choice) game I was ble to retain Lightning, Sazh and Vanille since the sentinel class had fairly limited applications - especially with ratings being based on the speed of battle clearance - and Hope being far too squishy for the extra healing power to pay off. I could definitely feel the potential, but it just feels like it missed the mark. Still, the flashiness at least gives you something to look at. Shame that you ave no control over positioning in a system where positioning can be potentially important at times.Earlier I mentioned equipment, and this is easily the most frustrating thing about this game. You're introduced to item levelling early on but given almost no detail on the process. Pumping all these items into your equipment feels useless, so after a while you wouldn't be amiss to just give up. In fact, I'd say with a little grinding it's perfectly feasible to finish the game without ever really touching the upgraes system. That's a problem - because the upgrades become seriously worthwhile. There's never any indicator as to what you gain from an upgrade, or how best or upgrade, or what you lose from it, or how the dismantling system works. Unless you're willing to look to the internet you're simply left with a giant, confusing mess that might pay off if you can actually bring yourself to stick with it. Sprint Shoes, the Enkindler,  Aurora Scarf, Energy Sash, Malboro Wand, Procyons - all incredibly useful items that can be a complete pain to come by if you're dead-set on playing the game the way it was intended. The equpment systems just reek of poorly-designed afterthoughts that could have added some much-needed depth.Graphically, the game is really something nice to look at, even if it's showing its age quite a bit with some muddy textures, clumpy hair and predictable garments. It's saved by some simply gorgeous designs, both of the environments nad the entities within them. Sure, some of it's a bit over-the-top but there's a something strangely compelling about all those mad protrusions and blade-like wings.It's also well worth mentioning that the soundtract is downright gorgeous - I could happily leave the title screen running for hours just for the sake of that theme. It's really quite something.Overall, I can certainly say I love the game - and my opinon of the franchise has been turned completely on its head. It's such a shame, then, that the port quality should upset the experience so much. Framerates were all over the place - from 60 to 30 to 15 to 60 again. The options were incredibly limited - with your choices existing only in resolution and shadow maps - not particularly desirable when you can't guarantee any stability.Another maor issue I had was the lack of any sound setting. There were none at all. I can only be thankful that my output device is variable, because the system volume wasn't going to cut it with how ridiculously quiet this could be at times.Most of the time sound balancing wasn't much of an issue, since the developers did a good job there, at least, but I'm certainly glad I have a habit of playing with subtitles for those times that things just didn't quite match up.Do I reccomend this game? Definitely.Do I reccomend it to everybody ever? Not a chance.Do I reccomend it on this platform? Certainly not if you can help it."
,Recommended,292120,12435480,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Medicine Man,"Final Fantasy XIII has been a hot button issue for many fans of the series, and of RPGs in general.  It cuts a few of the archetypal role-playing elements, while adding little to make up for it.  It's linear, you're gonna be dealing with pre-made parties, tutorials, and little customization for about %70 of the main game.  Regardless of all that, I really enjoyed Final Fantasy XIII.  The combat is simple, yet fun and rewarding.  The game looks great, and the music and SFX are top notch, and even though the story and cast are a bit mediocre, it's still very much worth a play.Now, the big elephant in the room...Being locked at 720p isn't what most of us were hoping for, even if they did allow for 60fps.  I understand a lot of gamers are gonna be disappointed by this, but for me, Square Enix has delivered a product worth a buy from me.  The price is low, I have not experienced any bugs or glitches, and this could possibly open up a future of more Final Fantasy games on PC.Overall, good game, but not what a lot of people wanted out of a main Final Fantasy title, and a mediocre PC port at a low price point."
,Recommended,292120,12496062,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,"Even though people talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this being a bad port. This doesn't mean it isn't worth playing. Actually, this game stole my social life. I'm 41 hours in it and still didn't finish it. This game has 13 chapters which are all amazing. The gameplay is just as you would expect it to be from a Final Fantasy game. The only issue really is the problem with the definition which can be easely fixed with the GeDoSaTo. In summary. You should grab it if you enjoy JRPG games and if you like to play with a controller."
,Recommended,292120,26167403,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,PopeLopez,"Having a lot of hours and run throughs in the game, I would recommend this for anyone looking to play this Final Fantasy Game. Just not on this platform. Xbox go for it, Play Station go for it. The PC wasn't the original intention for this game to be played on. Most of the time I run it with around 30 fps. Whenever I get into a battle it drops frames and it's a lot more enjoyable with a controller. Though you could just connect a controller to your computer to play it. The story is really enjoyable although it is really linear which you just have to get used to. The next two Final Fantasy XIII's are not as linear as this one. The music is also really enjoyable with most other Final Fantasy Games. If you are going to finish this I would highly reccomend finishing the next two titles in the XIII Series. It's kind of funny cause all of the XIII games are considered three parts of one game but just sold seperately. Overall I would highly reccomend this game"
76561198218458060,Not Recommended,292120,29681344,Posted: 3 February,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"Honestly I dunno why people call this the best FF game in its time, it's linear, the variety of monsters are lacking, summons are the most useless things I have ever seen, the story is so contraversal, the characters are so boring that they needed to make 2 more games to give them more time to develope themselve eg: Hope not becoming a crybaby and ends up being a leader to a great cause, there is not a single village, town, city or even a single farm where you can relax and talk to people to get some history or backstory in things. This wasn't even a game, this was a long movie that requires you to press 1 button repeatedly and then another button to switch roles for heals and buffs, I didn't feel that I was doing anything and just letting the game for me, oh and also AI's is the worse idea for a FF game, there have been so many moments when I needed an Ai to do something or help the character I am controlling and it just screws me over, I hate AI's controlling my characters, I'd pretty much prefer to control all my characters like the good old FF days (FF 1-10-2) and last thing the side quests are the most boring side quests I have ever done, ""Go kill that thing"" ""Great here's some mediocre items for your troubles"" ""Now kill that thing"" and it is the same thing over and over again. People that claim ""Don't worry, the game is linear now but once you are 50% done then you go to an open world."" No, no you people lie, that is not an open world, it looks like an open world but it's not, it's just a really big outdoor room that gives you the illusion of an open world, I don't see how people find this to be the best FF that surpassed 7, it doesn't it just doesn't."
,Recommended,292120,12696911,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ナジマイル #Mereput,"I've been playing this game for about a week (Non-stop) until the game is over.So I have decided to make a review abou this game.So,first thing i just wanna say that this game is absalutely amazing!I can assure you that Square-enix took one step in the right direction.In Final Fantasy XIII you will find everything a game should have:-Great story-well-developed-compelling characters-stunning enviroments/landscapes-one of the best musical scores of the series-entertaining battle system-and DIFFICULTY.To those who haven't play this game I really recommend you to try this one!And before that,I just want to remind you that this game is a turn based strategy.If you don't like TBS game.Then i strongly recommend do not ever buy this game.BUT if u like it,then BUY it.I can guarentee that u won't regret after buying this game.FFXIII Player,ナジマイル                       (Najmi)"
,Not Recommended,292120,20927453,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"Square did right by attempting to remove the garbage filler from JRPGs, such as persistent health, MP, having to actually choose every battle command, having to control everyone, etc. It's really nice to see a company trying to fix outdated ideas.Unfortunately they took out so much that there isn't really a game left. It's just hallways, interspersed with rote battles and mind-numbing cut scenes. There's no exploration either, but sometimes the hallway you're in branches and allows you to fight some more enemies in exchange for a treasure chest. The characters are dull tropes and the dialogue is worse than a 4Kids dub. Even the leveling up system feels like it was pared down: it's like FFX's Sphere Grid, but lacking any kind of significant branching. I'm about 14 hours in, and the game is still feeding me a steady drip of new battle mechanics, each more tedious than the last; unfortunately, new mechanics don't make the game more fun or interesting, because battles are still essentially just blocks of time where you mash A for a while. I mean, sometimes the game throws you a single stronger enemy and you need to switch between preset battle styles, but in practice it feels more tedious than exciting or interesting. Battles aren't the only thing that's repetitive: the dialogue gets repeated and rephrased a lot too, so I frequently found myself watching two dimensional characters think out loud at each other over and over.Of the ~14 hours I've played, I think about half of it has been just watching cut scenes. Some of the sequences are so long there are (sometimes multiple) save points in the middle. Some of the sequences are so long that my Steam Link shuts off because it hasn't received any inputs in a long time.I want to like this game, and I feel like if I kept at it, by the time I got to the end the battles could be legitimately interesting. But I also feel like it'll still be dripping me new ideas right up to the final boss. I've kind of been playing this in the hopes that at some point, they say, ""OK, tutorial over!"" but, again, I'm at 14 hours and so far the game has only treated me like a moron and I'm just kind of tired of doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over to advance characters that I can't force myself to pay attention to."
76561197975803190,Not Recommended,292120,12425801,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ryon,"RECOMMENDED:OS: Windows® Vista/ 7/ 8Processor: Intel® Core™ 2 Quad (2.66 GHz)/ AMD Phenom™ II X4 (2.8 GHz) processorMemory: 1 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA® Geforce® GTX™ 460/ ATI Radeon™ HD 5870DirectX: Version 11Hard Drive: 60 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX 11 compatible sound cardRight let's see.1: No DirectX11 in the game.2: resolution only 1280 x 720 and no way to chang it.3: All you can chang is Window mode or full, oh and sound.I mean come on even the old Final fantasy 7 and 8 can run in 1080pSo i see no reason they could not make this one do the same.So yea, unless Square Enix get off they♥♥♥♥♥and fix this, i say stay away from this version and get the ps3/xbox360 version.I will chang my review if they do fix it .. as i really do like the game .. but for now it gets a No."
,Recommended,292120,28505413,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Max2030,"This is my first JRPG and I liked it. It was different from any other games I've played. Its combat system is quite different. In western RPGs such as Witcher 3, battle is real time. You can explore and then get into a battle with someone and then fight and win and go back to exploring, or can even run away in the middle of a fight and go back to exploration seamlessly. But in this game, you explore and then when you get into a fight with someone, you enter the battle mode, which is totally different from exploration. You can't run away in the middle of a battle. It will go on until the fight ends.Exploration in this game is very limited. It has been called a corridor simulator for good reasons, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. Some of the environments are quite beautiful, but it's mostly look-but-don't-touch.Battle is somewhat turn based, but not exactly. In turned based games or game modes you wait for your turn. But instead of waiting for your turn, in the battles of this game, you wait for something called your ATB meter to fill up. When it fills up, you can fight, which consumes your meter. So again you wait for it to fill up and then fight. That's a very simplistic explanation because the battle system of this game has quite a bit of depth to it and I really enjoyed it. It was refreshing.When it comes to role-playing, the thing that stands out most from western RPGs is that you can play multiple roles at the same time. And you can change between those roles within an on going battle. For example one offensive role is called Commando and you do mostly physical damage with it. But then if you developed your character as a medic, you can switch to that role mid battle and you can heal yourself and your allies and once done, you can switch back to Commando.I was enjoying the game till Chapter 11. But Chapter 12 and Chapter 13 were dull and frustrating. There is no story progressoin. They filled the last two chapters of the game with bosses. Even some other enemies were so tough they felt like bosses. It kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. But don't get me wrong, I am still glad I played it because up to Chapter 11 the game is quite fun. The final story progression is after the final boss battle. So they could have removed chapter 12 and chapter 13 completely, and just put the final boss battle at the end of chapter 11. It would have been a much better game. I am glad I finished it and I recommend it. It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,292120,23825813,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kenn1911,"For the past year I avoided this game like a plague, seeing that most reviews were either bad or ridiculously bad.Finally after giving it the pass for so many times (it's summer sales anyway), I finally bought this copy and gave it a try.I'm a total idiot. I've just realised:1.  I've missed this game all for naught for the past 2 years.2.  Whomever wrote all those junk review, do you even FF?  Linear? Boring? Really?3.  I'm not going to take reviews seriously anymore.  Especially on FF titles.On the bright side, I have you *********s to thank for, since I have the whole trilogy to binge through this year!Update 25 July 2016:The first 10 chapters is akin to an interactive story, where you're guided through the background story and character development.  The pace is slower than previous FF titles, but it also paces the player into gradually learning the game's system.  You will notice that there are more and more things to fiddle with as you progress into the game.  It won't take long before you find yourself into the routine of building up stats, leveling up weapons, running from point A to point B, and tapping the 'ok' button through every battle.You will hate it if:You're looking for more challenge and control over the story line from Chapters 1 - 10.  However, you will still get to develop your characters and weapons.  Boss fights are surprisingly challenging.You will like it if:You're here for the JRPG element of FF series - particularly the storyline.  You will realise that considerable effort has been invested into this aspect, at the risk of oversimplifying interaction at the player's part.  Nevertheless, I enjoy sitting back with a 6-pack of ice-cold beer after a hard day's work, hitting the same button while looking at the battle scenes. Doesn't tax the brain too much but gives just the right amount of entertainment. Oh and did I mention that sight seeing it great too, it's like Skyrim except you don't get to jump off the cliff.You will find a significant change of experience on Chapter 11, where you are presented with a sizeable 'open' map, and the freedom to complete missions at will.  Will update my impression again once I clock more hours into the game.A must-know before you decide NOT to buy:A lot of critics (starting the raging bitter ones) compare FFXIII with other FF titles. This is probably what stopped a lot of genuine buyers from buying this title, myself included. While most arguments are valid, being judged as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ compared to other FF titles doesn't make it ♥♥♥♥♥♥ compared to all other games available on Steam.  If you're into JRPG and don't hate FF games in general, chances are you're happier buying and playing this than some other random title on Steam.Tl;dr1. FFXIII is not bad enough to give it a pass - still better than a lot of other games2. Not a great choice if you're in for a challenge from the onset3. Great choice if you're in for a relaxing, therapeutic story-telling jrpg experience"
76561198049848661,Not Recommended,292120,12427084,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,沖田さん大勝利ー！,"This is the worst port I have ever seen. No graphics settings? Really? It says locked to 60fps, why am I getting ~20 on a rig that runs BF4 on ultra at 60? Seriously Square Enix, after Tomb Raider and Deus Ex: HR failing to even launch on my PC due to reasons unbeknownst to me due to your god-awful customer service, I'm never buying a game from you again. This is really sad."
76561197995882716,Not Recommended,292120,12425579,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DataPack,720p at its finest. ♥♥♥♥ you SEEDIT: They added graphical settings but the framerate is still♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292120,12440212,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Flexi the BOOT,"Final Fantasy 13 is the most recent installment in the series to be released for PC.While a controversial game, for many reasons such as it's inability to disguise a mainly linear game and 20-hour long tutorial it also holds ground with a deep combat system that's easy to learn, lifetime to master.The games follows 6 humans turned into l'Cie, servants of fal'Cie(gods of sorts) to do their bidding and destroy Cocoon. The story picks up immediately into a conflict and throws you straight into action, albeit you mash your mouse button for a while before things get interesting.Provided you beat the gruelling tutorial-hallway, you are rewarded with an extensive world to explore freely with numerous sidequests and great scenery to accompany it.PROS[] Great Soundtrack[] Massive end-game[] Fantastic storyline[] Very deep combat systemCONS[] Linear for a fair amount of time[] A few main characters are pains in the butt[] Squeenix limited it to 720p for some reasonAll in all, I'd say if you are willing to try a game that has a bit of a slow start, you are rewarded with a great storyline, a deep combat system and a fantastic story!8/10 Great game."
76561198051066353,Not Recommended,292120,12431472,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Axelo,"Very poorly done. Hitting the ESC key immediately shuts the game off, no prompt for yes/no/you sure. There's also seemingly no way to remap the keys. Whoever did the port on this should be fired for incompetence. A waste of my time at the 60 gb download size, and definately a waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,292120,12426702,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Homieheims,"No options, stuck at 720P, unable to even play in full screen due to I have nVidia Surround (3240x1920 resolution), game refuses to stretch. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425803,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,magicalfishduck,"What's said has already been said about lack of graphic settings.Also...the esc key, closes your game, it gives you a warning on windowed but if you're full screen. Basically alt-f4: that's stupid....dunno why they did that.TBH Pretty dissapointed. It's a pretty game. But kind of regretting the purchase right now."
76561197980572209,Not Recommended,292120,12426539,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MadMinstrel,The game ONLY runs in 720p. There are no options for resolution whatsoever. It looks like a garbled mess and stutters like a madman. The videos are also 720p to the PS3's 1080p. And yet the game manages to take up almost 50GB. DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,292120,12425998,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ZackWii,"The positive: The game has a beautiful artstyle even at 720p it can look amazing sometimes. You can rebind the keys if you like and the best thing about this game is it's music!The negative: I really want to like this game, but the game keeps crashing, there are no graphics options, the game is locked at 720p, the framerate keeps going up and down and the game literally escapes when you press the esc button.Conclusion: It's better of waiting for patches to come or wait for the modders like Durante to fix the game, so wait for a discount. Even if it's this cheap the game simply doesn't work properly and that's really unacceptable for me, so I hope Square Enix will learn a lesson after this game and bring FFXV and others to Steam."
,Not Recommended,292120,16466322,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BONKERS,"I LOVE Final Fantasy XIII, I am an ardent defender of the game itself. This port however doesn't do it justice.Game has been patched, but the patch is pretty much a joke. It essentially just does was GeDoSaTo did. And ended up creating a few more problems in the process like FMVs now stutteringList of issues currently remainingLow volume. The game currently has about 20dBfs worth of headroom until it hits the noise ceiling of -0.0dBfsNo volume slider. People could balance the audio to their taste or turn off thingsPoor performance during battle and FMVsMicrostuttering when playing above 30FPS.Let's look at this graphhttp://u.cubeupload.com/MrBonk/ae5Untitled1.jpgThe top line is Framerate and the bottom is frame time.This sample was taken over the course of 60seconds of gameplay in and out of battles with a polling rate of 16ms (a game running at 60FPS SHOULD spit out frames every ~16.67ms or so. When it doesn't, the result is microstuttering or what is commonly known now as ""Frame pacing issues"")(Ignore the drops down to 0 as that is normal with a fast polling rate)  You will want to notice however, the lines between those gaps. This should be a flat line like thishttp://u.cubeupload.com/MrBonk/wcap.jpgSo in battle, the game is constantly spiking frames upwards of 33ms. Causing the game to stutter and drop frames.No stable framerate caps available. See the above. Need 30FPS,60FPS and unlocked frame caps. You can stabilize performance by using a 30FPS cap and 1/2 refresh rate Vsync. But that doesn't do anything for 60FPS.Sub-par low resolution ultra compressed Bink FMVs60GB DL FOR THE ABOVE VIDEOS. Because game includes both JPN and ENG FMVs instead of smartly offering different versions to download or as free DLCYou'd think they'd have a clue already since their Europe/NA branch is so prolific on PC as it is.Square Enix should offer several builds to downloadlower quality FMVs - Englishlower quality FMVs - JapanesePS3 quality FMVs - EnglishPS3 quality FMVs - JapaneseWith some proper effort, SE could've killed this port. They could've even improved issues stemming from the in-Engine FMVs being moved to Real time, thus saving a ton of file space.These are supposed to be AAA first party games (Whole XIII series) and they can't get it right, and obviously they didn't do any proper research or give the port the budget and time it deserved and NEEDED"
76561198118009051,Not Recommended,292120,24067091,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MouseBalls,"Like many others have said - this game is extremely linear. If you've ever played any of the other FF games and enjoyed all the side quests and mini games, then you're probably going to dislike this game. Half the ""game"" is cut scenes, while the other half is you drudging along the designated path and battling monsters while listening to the characters whine about why you're taking too long to move forward. If you played FF7 and you thought Cloud was a whiny little b****, then do yourself a favor and skip all the cut scenes (seriously, you'll want to strangle Hope every time he opens his mouth).The battle system makes it too easy to win. Don't get me wrong, I've had my fair share of dying (stupid wyverns), but the way the battle system is designed lets you do auto-moves for the rest of your party so you just have to worry about what attack/spell your character is going to do. You can switch between these auto-execute commands (have all your party members heal, attack, support, or a mix) with a few keystrokes, and sometimes it's necessary to be quick. The screen will start to get a red haze around the edges when you or a party member is low on health, which is nice because I forget about my party members a lot of the time because I'm not really controlling them.In order to get the full story (I was about 15 hours in before I realized) you have to read the journals/data logs that update after every cut scene, and even then it's still not clear what's going on. What the hell ARE the fal'Cie? WTF is Cocoon? And why do Pulse and Cocoon fal'Cie hate each other (if that's the right question to even be asking)? Don't judge my opinion as harshly as I'm judging this game because I haven't finished it yet, I think I'm almost done, thank god.Someone mentioned that this game isn't for keyboard and mouse, but this was only the second contemporary game I've ever played on the computer (I played Myst, Journeyman, and Wolfenstein way back in the day on Windows 98), and I was able to play just fine. The graphics are nice and there's beautiful countryside to be seen, if only it were an open world....By now you should get my point - if you're a FF fan, I would recommend skipping this game in the series. My friend cried out in agony when I told him I was playing it. He said he would never buy it based on reviews from when it came out. I see why.TLDR: If you want a simple, linear, and confusing af RPG with pretty colors, this game is for you. If you are a diehard FF fan (and if you are you'll probably play this game anyways, or already have), move along to FF 14."
,Not Recommended,292120,32659061,Posted: 22 June,all,CodingHero,"I really wanted to like this game as I enjoyed games like Final Fantasy VI, VII, and Tactics as a kid/teenager, but I sadly cannot recommend it.Unlike some other reviewers, I thought the story was fine. It's more or less what I'd expect from an FF game. Yes some of the characters can be annoying at times, but it didn't persist throughout the whole game. The battle system was fine and an interesting twist on the old ways. I can't say it's my favorite, but it's satisfying to learn over time how to best manage your paradigms and party make up in order to win. The cast of characters was smaller than I'd like and, like many RPGs with a wide character selection, some characters end up being mostly useless to the point where you'll only want to use them when the storyline forces you to.As for the bad, I was disappointed in the lack of interaction with characters outside the main party (you only have any real conversation at all with maybe 10 people total in the course of the game, and many of those are brief). I also found the shops (shopping is completely done ""online"" in the context of the game) mostly useless outside of the early game where I felt like I needed to grab a few extra potions. That said, I've played plenty of RPGs where there is almost zero need to ever buy anything from an NPC vendor so take that for what it is worth.The worst part of this game was the linearity. Yes, other FF games are pretty linear, but generally reach a point where they ""open up"" and give you some freedom to roam around, do side quests, find easter eggs, etc. In contrast, FF XIII will railroad you into going exactly where it wants you to go and doing exactly what it wants you to do. Yes it ""opens up"" a bit in chapter 11, but the side quests there are all given by inanimate stones and are all ""please go kill this monster for me."" There isn't much extra story to be had.Finally, a minor bad point is that this IS indeed a buggy port. That said, it's not too difficult to overcome the bugs with a little research online and making sure your graphics drivers are up to date. It's definitely playable and the graphics aren't as bad as all that (though I'm not scrutinizing every pixel on screen)."
,Recommended,292120,12438215,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Macrobiotic,"People are not recommending the title because of some issues:- Lack of graphical options- Game locked on 720p- Big♥♥♥♥♥download (~50GB)This review is to rate the game itself, to give people clues about if they will enjoy the game or not. About the three issues listed above, there are the solutions:- Use GeDoSaTo- Use GeDoSaTo- Sorry, the game is really big, no solution for this oneIf you want to know how good is the game, continue reading, if you just care about the problems, they're over, you can ignore the rest.First of all, the game is GORGEOUS! It is surrealistic like most titles of the series, the story is a little complicated, but well written. Most characters will captivate you, even the ones who lack a little depth(I'm looking at you, Snow). The plot twists are not monumental, but they will hold your interest. Everything looks done with attention to details. If you like to think about the characters and the events, you will like this game.The game is VERY (I mean, like REALLY) linear. There is no open world to explore (exceptions in some chapters) and there is not much to do besides the main quest. I did not find this too bad, the main quest is good enough to make the game worth it.The combat system brings something new to the series and, personally, I enjoyed that. It sometimes gives more action than Final Fantasy XII system. You cannot control your teamates actions, only the party leader's. The AI is relatively good (there is no much left for the AI to do, since you will select their role) and there is the paradigm shift mechanic, which allow you to change the roles of your team to adapt to different situations in battle. Those roles change a lot of things, from the damage you deal and receive to the actions/skills available and battle support. The stagger bar on enemies and characters brings a new aproach to damage dealing, sometimes is prefreable to do less damage in order to prepare a more efficient offensive.The music and dialogs are nicely implemented, you can feel that the characters have life. The music ambientation and placing is perfect and will atract you even more to the game. The only thing I can blame in this section is the dialogs text. Although they're mostly interesting and full of emotion, some lines don't feel ""natural"", like ""no one would say this""(I'm looking to you again, Snow!).Overall, I enjoyed the game a lot, I played it on Xbox and now I want to play it again on PC. I hope the sequels come to PC as well.Rating: 9/10"
76561197972200632,Not Recommended,292120,12425772,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,prizmdrop,"Speaking from the perspective of having played the PS3 version for over 100 hours, I really must say this version is complete junk.Unsteady frame rate, no graphic options, no ability to change the resolution, the fmv quality is horrid and compressed. (the console version had better quality FMV) About the only thing SE did right was unlocking the frame rate to 60fps, but due to shotty programming when with a top end gaming PC you will see studders.FF13 is a great game, but please avoid this version like the plague. Go and pick up the ps3 version and enjoy the game the way it was meant to be played."
,Recommended,292120,12797306,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,UndeadGenesis,FFXIII is a very enjoyable game as long as you dont expect it to be just like *insert random FF game*. It has a macro managment focus in battle unlike the previous micro managment of the entries past. The music is pretty great without making itself the center of attention. Lastly the game has actual character development. Overall id give it a 9/10.
76561198006986338,Recommended,292120,12429978,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Cowkiller,If u like FF game then buy this gamenow so far the forums have been going abit nuts ( first day  bugs)   30 fps  = who cares in my book  im a die hard FF player i played FF 1 for nes on releasesofar i seen a no studder  opening screen and the music ooo hhh the music of a  final fantasy  that make the game  worth buying15$ for a full soundtrack  + movies + game +  a fun  exp  = a great game to ownif your  not a  Die hard  FF fan then u probly not like the game till after theres patches  to fix the frame rate  that amd user  are having  theres posts on how to fix  if u lookme  i like the music  and the opening movie  if  the game studders alest i have the music to listening to
76561198109155330,Not Recommended,292120,12425581,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ri,"I pre-downloaded this. I was excited.Finally got onto the game and there was no graphic settings whatsoever. Just locked there.My face "":<"".Hopefully this could be sorted and they could add something to the game? I don't want this pro computer just to play it those types of graphics, cooommmee onnn, I know a ton of people would agree with me on that.I love Final Fantasy, but I want to enjoy the game as much as I can possibly can. (Hopefully in Ultra) ^^But right now, no. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone unless they don't mind the graphics!Come on Square Enix + Steam! Make us proud and add those SETTINGS!"
76561198027414936,Not Recommended,292120,12426522,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Evil McDoom,"Seriously SE, this is atrocious! No graphics options AT ALL, and locked at 720p? That is ♥♥♥♥ing shameful. Have I lost my mind, or is this not 2014? I think this may actually be the most lazy port I've ever seen. If this isn't patched, this will be the LAST of the XIII trilogy that I will be buying."
,Not Recommended,292120,12426232,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Chimera,"Ever since I first played a bit of this game on a friend's console, I've been waiting for the PC port I knew was going to come out. The game looked gourgeous on the PS3 and I couldn't wait to see how good it would look on a PC, running at 60 FPS and at a 1080p resolution.The day of release came and I anxiously booted it up, only to become frustrated. The first window the game opens before running has only two options: Windowed/Fullscreen selection and Audio Language selection. I figured the graphics options would be inside the game itself, so I got in and looked for them. I found nothing, because there are NO GRAPHICS CONFIGURATIONS in this game. You can't change the resolution to 1080p, it's locked to 720p. You can't turn Vsync on or off, and I think it's ON by default, causing very annoying slowdowns since the game isn't optimized at all.After a liittle more than an hour playing it, the game seems to be good, especially to me since I'm a Final Fantasy fan, but  Square Enix making the PC users play the game under these conditions is just disrespectful. My recommendation will stay at NO until they decide to correct their mistake."
,Recommended,292120,13875886,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TheManko,"Final Fantasy XIII is the most finely polished turd I have ever played. My score is tethering just on the edge between Recommended and Not Recommended.  But thanks to the production values I can’t deny I had a reasonably good time with the game. Nobody was phoning it in during the production of this game. The problem is, every design decision in the game from the combat system, exploration and level design were shaped around the story. They’re all there to support it. Unfortunately it’s no exaggeration to call the story a complete mess.It takes about 20 hours before you can answer the simple question: “What is this game about?”. It’s not like nothing happens before that point, but it has a laser focus on the characters, without explaining anything about the world it takes place in or what’s going on. This section of the game was the best, even though it was confusing. It did at least contain drama. It had glimmers of brilliance here, like a character driven to suicidal despair in a way which felt believable. In scene after scene it tried to be touching, and felt earnest. I liked that.In the second half of the game this all fades away. Focus is shifted from the character to the “plot”. Things start to happen, it’s going somewhere. But all the characters freeze in development. Everyone in the cast had multiple layers of issues in the first half. They were all maintaining a facade, with deep regrets over how their lives had turned out. Things which in a good story would be dealt with in a satisfactory way before the end. Instead they’re all dropped. Other things take center stage, and the story starts to feel hollow. I remember the writers of Stargate SG-1 referred to certain episodes as “plot driven” or “character driven”. The plot driven episodes were always boring pieces of crap. This is how the second half of Final Fantasy XIII feels. Things happen on screen, but it's so vapid I start to question what I'm doing with my life. Not the kind of experience I'm looking for in a game.The shoe really drops at what was clearly intended to be the emotional low point at the end of the second act. The place you visit, the meaning it should have for the characters just doesn’t exist in the script. The environment, the enemies, and the music do their best to create a feeling of loss. The writing here is simply a disaster. It doesn’t acknowledge the scene before you. Characters are as cheerful as ever, when they should be screaming at the sky. It should have been the scene the game had been building up to the entire game. The payoff for everything that had gone before. Instead there’s nothing. Just the vague intent of what they were aiming for based on the work everyone else on the team put in for the environment.Playing it I got the impression everyone involved believed they were making the best Final Fantasy ever. The designs, the music, the level of technical expertize are on the highest possible level. It’s a game where it feels like the negative response came as a genuine surprise to the developers. On paper, every element they’ve included in the game are the ingredients of a classic. Did they realize the wreck they were making?The game deserved better than this. It’s possible they noticed the problems midway through production. But when you notice too late, there’s nothing you can do. You have to do it right from the start. Changing course is incredibly expensive, both in time and money. Whoever was responsible for saying that the script was “good enough” did it too soon. A single critical component ruined the entire game. I pray they don’t make the same mistake with Final Fantasy XV."
76561197992665592,Not Recommended,292120,16667478,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gleamy,"Despite being well-past the minimum specs, the game stutters horribly at times. It's a bad PC port."
76561198155539998,Recommended,292120,28359833,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,kadashsouba,"Optimization:-------------Very average:+ On pc (amd fx8350 4.0GHz, Asus GeForce GTX 660 DirectCU II OC 2GB, 32gb RAM, SSD) quite stable, rarerly feels anylags, about stable 50-60fps all the time- On laptop msi GL62 6QD (i7-6700HQ 2.6-3.5GHz, GTX950 2GB, 8GB DDR4 RAM, HDD) mostly 50-60fps but sometimesdrop  to 30-40fps, battles 30fps+ but it is not really a problemBattle system:--------------+ Interesting combat system+ Battle Roles systems - each character have its own role in party (main and later sub)+ Paradigms Shifts systems to easy chnage role in battle+ Stagger system to deal massive damage to hard enemies- Very weird using summons- Battle reward depending on finished time (its hard to have 5 star at boss, or elite mobs / group of mobs)- Time to kill mobs/boss dependend on equipment (better items lower time - almost all game struggle to get 5 stars)- Very hard and time consuming preemptive strike which is almost always needed for 5 star- Very unbalanced battles difficulty (all kind of battles, mob/boss/eidolon)- Battles with hard enemies very dependend on buffs/debuffs withch are quite short duration (it can start to get boring)- In my opinion way to much grinding for very low benefits- Only 3 character stats (HP, STR, MAG) and nothing moreStory:------+ Quite interesting story although it's sometimes very messy- For most of game constantly changing characters- Terribly linear story, almost no subquestsMusic & Graphics:-----------------+ Like almost always in FF music is great+ Very good graphic in game+ Stunning Cutscenes- Sometimes too low FOV and camera loosingOther features:---------------- Except one map almost claustrophobic areas- Almost deadly linear game- Almost all game is rushing and than in one/two chapters staying and farming CP and money/materials for equipmentwhich is in my opinion terribly stupid- All/almost all sidequests only available in one chapterConclusion:-----------In my opinion very average Final Fantasy, mostly because of linear story, small areas, no real sidequests, clock ticking in battles, all time buffing/debuffing. I highly advice to use some trainer or other program if you want have fun and pleasure (like using trainer option to always Stealth which very helps in geting 5 stars). I won't say I regret spending money on this game, but I surerly expected something more from Final Fantasy."
,Not Recommended,292120,12429758,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,KremlinDusk,"Currently; Not recommended. Terrible port emulation. Forced 720p on non-generic 1080p+ monitors. Uses old low quality xBox 360 sound files, not those from the updated higher quality PS3 version of the game. No graphics controlability. All in all, a lazy port with no thought other than getting money quick from a game that was only recently quite popular, passed the era of such plausability for lazy coding and game design."
76561198047085031,Not Recommended,292120,12426091,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,FiDel,"usando a configuração recomendada, o jogo roda travando...sem configurações de video..."
76561197970711057,Not Recommended,292120,12426526,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Quinners,"Horrible port. Straight copy of a console version. Locked to 720p, frame rate is mostly 60fps except during stuttering optimization fails and cutscenes. Save your money and get a 360/ps3 copy cheaper than this, it's the same thing. Such a slap in the face. Has an ""insta kill"" button, when you press ESC, it auto shuts the game down without warning.Avoid like the plague.Signed, a long time Final Fantasy fan"
,Recommended,292120,25366094,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Andy,"Final Fantasy XIII is underrated. I've never tried other FFs but FF13 series are best for me.Pros-Nice decent graphics-Simple battle system-Characters' design seems pretty nice-Nice and beautiful soundtracks-Nice actors and actresses voiceThe one thing that I real like about FF13 is the movie film. I can see that game designers put effort on it.Cons-Some chapters are boring-If you try FF13 as your first FF then you'll get confuse at first but be patience and you'll get it if you continue to play.-It might have freezing issue which depends on your pc settings.-Although it has nice decent graphics but the edges are little bit blurry.(Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII has the best graphics among XIII series. There are total 3 series, XIII, XIII-2, LR : XIII)Rate : 8/10"
76561198053667856,Recommended,292120,34125066,Posted: 9 August,all,Evermourne,"I really wanted to finish the game's story before I wrote a review. And I'm not gonna lie this game at times were a slugfest. I will try to point out all things I consider good to know for any RPG or Final Fantasy lover.  Keep in mind that a lot of things are personal taste so even if I complain or compliment something you can of course have a different take on itIt will be lengthy so There will be a TLDR version at the bottom.The game in GeneralLet's start out with a few things that will be different from more traditional RPG/FF's. like pretty much all FF's you have a party of 3 max where the difference is that you only control a leader this time. The other two party members are AI controlled. This is in combination with a ""role system"" where you can say which party member is which role , (like healer, tank , mage , support , debuffer etc) so you can control their general moveset. Role switching can be done at a whim in battle and is mandatory to make it through fights. It is a very action oriented system. Another more ""non FF thing"" this game has is that you will see random encounters on the road instead of randomly spawning into one. This will allow you to pretty run from boss fight to boss fight advancing story content and only fight mobs you wish 75% of the time. the rest of the game is pretty RPG as you can getCombat MechanicsAs stated this game uses a leader system with role switching to control the flow of battle. While I know that fighting is a core concept of a FF game I had the most difficulties with this system. This was because of the fact that if the leader was downed you instantly fail the fight while the other two can be phoenix downed/raised back no problem. This can make it so that if an enemy mob just happen to have something that causes instant death and happen to cast it at your leader who fails his save. you just lose the fight instantly. Some fights can be lengthy and have that happen to you is just frustrating. The other part is the AI controlled party members which in certain situations just won't do what you want them to do.  for example you have a tank / healer /healer comp for a moment to recover from a heavy hit. while recovering a random party member dies because of.... reasons. you would want your other healer to raise him as soon as he can to have a double healer back. but the AI just keeps healer everything that is still up to 90% first before even considering to raise the 2ed person. and more quirky things like that. Now this will only really be a thing at certain bosses but it can be really frustrating. The role switching gave it a fun action element to fights in how to handle certain bosses. and with enough practise the AI can be useful enough. Another small element of combat is that positioning in fights is actually a thing but you have NO control over any of it (may be pro people can but casual playthrough won't know)Which means that if a mob/boss has area attacks or attacks in a straight line or anything. if a character just happens to land behind that mob/boss that character won't be hit anymore by that stuff. significantly reducing their healing needs. and if all party members get into a triangle pattern the fight would be really easy. but the other side is also true where they can happen to land clumped up and get hit by everything. reducing DPS time and lengthening fights significantly.Making certain fights really luck based like that felt annoying since you have no control over any of that.TLDR combat :Role switching was fun and interesting though AI and positioning out of your control van dictate fights. also the leader going down instantly loses you the fight can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (like with death spells)Skill sets and levelingThe game is divided in 6 different ""classes"" and for about 50% of the game they are set per character ( so only 2 can be healers at the start for example ) after that mark all characters will get all roles available. Leveling a role goes in a sort of grid where you earn XP from battles and you can spend that XP in a role to advance it. I liked this idea since especially in the later stages you can make the party you want with the roles you like and play the game. The only bad thing with this is that XP gains in this game make NO SENSE IN ANY WAY. An RPG player will say. the more I play and further I get in the story. the fights will get harder (random encounters as well) and my XP will slide with that to make sense... but here that is NOT the case. as an example. If I would fight a current mob for the story I would gain like... 2000 XP for a good 1 minute fight. however if I would go back to an area that was like.... 4 hours earlier and fight a group of 4 specific mobs I would gain 8000 XP for 20 second fight. it makes no sense what so ever. and when nodes can cost up to 20K XP at times. that only 2000 XP per fight for so much more time makes no sense what so ever and can make the game feel like such a drag when you actually WANT to grind some extra levels/roles.TLDR Skill sets and leveling :the role system was fun and gave you the option to use characters in what ever role you wish. thought grinding for it makes NO SENSE with weird XP gains throughout the game.StoryThis will be tricky since I don't want to give any story related information. The only thing I can say about this is that... the story was ok but confusing as ♥♥♥♥ at the start. and if the game would be like 40 hours long it takes about 10-15 hours for getting some momentum and things to get really intriguing. everything before that I was mostly ""Wtf'ing"" most of the time.TLDR story :mostly WTF a whole lot and takes a good while to get going. but it was a nice storyGraphicsAs expected from a Final Fantasy title the graphics are smooth and stunning. not really anything to say about this besides that I like them.VerdictI am struggling really hard to give a set verdict on this. combat and leveling could be a chore sometimes and there have been frustrating moments.. like dying to a boss because he death magiced my leader after a 25 minute fight... It happens. but on the other hand I loved the role system and action switching between them in fights to respond to fights. I have grinded for some extra levels but don't know if that was really needed to finish the game so grinding feels optional if you want it for sidequests.as a side note for achievement hunters you do need to beat the game at least once to unlock the grid to max out a role.In general... the game was sometimes confusing as hell or frustrating but I did enjoy it ( even after some rage moments) but I must also admit that I finished this game on pure willpower in the end. I hope this massive bulk of information gave enough insight to decide if this game is for you or not."
,Not Recommended,292120,19665370,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Gubs,"I really want to know how a massive AAA company ♥♥♥♥s up a port this badly, for a game that runs on a 360 which might as well be modern netbook hardware."
,Recommended,292120,32186143,Posted: 4 June,all,NonToast,"I struggled with how I felt about this game for a very long time. My final thoughts are, it's a great story filled with good characters. It's a shame that most of the gameplay is such a slog. Push through it, it's worth it."
76561198042398576,Not Recommended,292120,12470974,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Bird Up,final hallway 13
,Recommended,292120,28729037,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ShadowBumble,"After all the horror stories about a bad performing game, bad story line and comments with ""this is the worst Final Fantasy ever"". This Final Fantasy absolutely intrigued me to keep on playing. Yes it's linear(well atleast the first 20 hours) but the story is grasping once you venture into it. The graphics, soundtrack and story line all come nicely together.So i would definitely recommend this game !"
,Recommended,292120,25702367,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Pyro Greek,"This is my first FF game so I suppose my opinion is only relevant to people like myself, but thus far I really like this game. I'm about halfway through.The characters are great, the story is pretty good, the music it pretty sweet.The only bad thing I can think of right is the battle music. There's only one track i think and it gets old and annoying super fast."
76561198024280344,Not Recommended,292120,14132963,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CPie,"Just finished the game, here are my thoughts:Story 4/10I would have expected way more than this.  Especially by a game which bears the names Final and Fantasy in it. Often the actions of the characters seem unclear. The history of Cocoon and Pulse, the fal'Cie and l'Cie lack explaining. There is some kind of logbook (the Datalog) which goes more into detail and I would have wished these stories were told by the characters and not by some dull loading screen und page of textCharacters (5/10)There are 6 main characters, with close to opposite personalities. Their behavior doesn't change much and after a while their actions and speeches get quiet predictable.Lightning: Grumpycat the personSnow: Mr. Big TalksVanile: imagine the most annoyingly happy anime character you can think of.Hope: Mr ""I-blame-you-for-being-responsible-for-the-death-of-my-mom...well-lets-be-BFFs""Fang: kind of cool character, but lacks emotionsSahz: My favorite (although I didn't like his chocobo). The most interesting character development of the 6Combat System 3/10-it sucks-You only control one of three characters in fight. The other two are controlled by bots. You can put them in certain roles (healer, dps, support, tank) and they act accordingly-you've got an action skills bar (called ATB gauge), which fills up over time. Abilities cost a certain amounts of energy, allowing you to cast up to 5 spells in a row-instead of choosing spells wisely or controlling other characters you just spam the most efficient spell of one of you characters up to 5 times-(DE-)BUFFING IS OVERPOWERED!  That needs some explaining I think.There are three type of damage increasing mechanics in FF XIII. First and second are Buffs and Debuffs. They're applied by your characters onto each other and the enemies. The Buffs are all single target, meaning you will cast each spell 3 times. There are four dmg-increasing buffs (haste +magic +str +elemental dmg) and three dmg-increasing debuffs (-magic/phys resist -elemental resist). There are also four buffs and three debuffs which reduce incoming dmg.to win fights later in the game often need all/most of the buffs. So your usual playstyle is (de-)buffing with two characters while the third one is keeping your party alive, then switch all three to dps.The third way of increasing your dmg is staggering. To put it simple, the more often you hit an enemy, the more dmg it will take. After reaching a certain amount of dmg they become staggered, increasing their dmg taken again.How is this overpowered? Staggering can stack up to 1000% each (de-)buff increases you dmg by roundabout 50% per buff. They increase each other multiplicative. So there's 1 * 1000% * 150%^4 =~ 5000%. This means you will deal 50 times more dmg. My attacks were capped at 99999, regular trash mobs have around 500k - 1M hp and I attack 5x in a row. At this point everything except bosses just evaporates before you, once you reach that point in the fight. But to get that far, you have to go the long way of casting dozens of buffs. Without buffs you've got a mob of 500k HP and your attacks deal about 3-5k dmg each...have fun.-the AI is just plain stupid. Lots of enemy attacks are area based, hitting your entire team when they're close together. And since you can’t control other characters and not even move your main char, especially your squishy casters tend to cuddle during fights and get brutally beaten to death...except when they don't and move /get knocked away from each other. There's no way of controlling their behavior. Have fun remaining calm, after you lost three fights in a row because your team is too stupid to move away from each other.-you lose the fight the moment you main character passes out. You cannot phoenix down him/her. You can only resurrect other members of your party...Leveling System 5/10Remember the great FF X leveling board and enjoyed building your tanking Yuna? Well FF XIII system is kind of like that, but worse. You still have points to spend. But instead of spending them on a FF X -like board, you can spend each character's points on one of the characters role-paths. Each character has three roles (out of six) available to him/her and you get so many skillpoints, that you can master all three. There is no chance of varying anything. Snow will never be a healer and Hope's just to weak to become the tank...Open World 2/10There is none. Enjoy your hallway simulatorGraphics 8/10Neat looking graphics, nice cutsceensTL;DRIt's not worth the time. You should just play FF 7-10 another time."
,Recommended,292120,23810796,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Takeayoshii,"FINAL FANTASY XIII is a turn-based RPG that tells the story of 6 individuals, who are branded enemies of Cocoon, being hunted and chased down by a corrupt government. They run away for the most part and eventually had enough and decided to challenge their fate.FF13 brings a whole new feel to the ATB system from previous games. You only play as one character out of a battle party of 3. This leader decides on the paradigm (or strategy) that everybody employs. Per exemple, I can set my leader to attack physically while team member #2 heals and tem member #3 debuffs the enemy. It's important to learn how to switch paradigms mid combat to adjust to the situation. You mostly sit back and react to any change while the Auto-Battle does it work. Having a strategy is important because of the new Staggering system. To put it simple, a magic user attacking the enemy fills its stagger bar while a physical attacker prevents the bar from depleting rapidly. Once that bar is full, the enemy becomes weak and for a set amount of time, you can deal a lot of damage.Other new mechanics is a Crystarium system that takes care of leveling up your stats. It's really similar to the FFX Sphere Grid. Unlike FFX, grinding is really limited in FFXIII and decisions like leveling up as a healer or as a physical attacker are not as important as they look. The game is really linear making sure that the next enemy (visible on the map, no random encounters) is always a little bit stronger. This is more to see if you understand the mechanics properly than if you are strong enough.Weapon upgrades are shallow and uninteresting. You spend money on components to upgrade your weapon for better attack power. It never seems to do that much of a difference and it's only relevant comes the aftergame. The ultimate weapons are simply a fully upgraded weapon.The point of FFXIII new and odd design is to put emphasis on its story and it's a good one. It's linear because you are being chased down (you're not going to explore and grind in these situations). The game features many skippable tutorials that are really helpful but sometime a little redundant. Ironically, it's emphasis on strategy is putting a line of enemy between cutscenes and mashing Auto-Battle until a harder enemy or a boss shows up. Eidolons (or summons) are a pain to battle against or with (and are never necessary). The story starts out as a confusing mess as it's throwing you unknown names and terms left and right but it quickly settles down to explain them little by little.The game only features one big sidequest near the end of the game and it's an amazing one. This is where you finally understand the point of an extensible Crystarium and weapons and accessories upgrades. It's basically a 64 bosses you got to beat and get a perfect rating on. This comes with some superbosses. This is to really test out the complex combat system that doesn't reach half its potential during the story.The cast is enjoyable with many characters having little to no experince in combat. They feel a lot more real than the other games. They all go through their personnal feelings of hope and despair. Each have a reason to fight. The game does a great job to somehow connect them all together.Production is amazing. Graphics are astonishing. Voice acting is great. Music fits well but isn't the best in the series. Cool battle themes though (regular, bosses, eidolons, etc.).+Story-oriented game (around 50 hours long).+Great cast.+Superb production (voice acting, graphics, music, art)+Fun customizable paradigm system.+Amazing and long end-game sidequest that makes you feel as you truly mastered the game (extra 20 to 40 hours of content).+Good price (for a story).~Confusing story at first, it's lore is a good but complicated one.~Story makes the game linear which is okay but might throw people off.~Too many accessories, most of them really situational and useless without good upgrading (Poison resist, Fire resist, etc)-Combat against regular enemies are really boring. (Auto-battle mashing).-Poor weapon upgrade system.-Eidolons are a pain to battle and to use.-Obvious treasure chests (every dead-end that branch off your linear path).You'll either love it or hate FINAL FANTASY XIII. Those looking for deep and fun combat are only really going to get satisfied at the end-game sidequest where everything opens up (after many, many hours of story...). Those looking for a good story will easily be able to bear the combat as long as they enjoy the story. I enjoyed my time with FFXIII and I do recommend it but at your own risk. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425676,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Regal Seagull,"I actually like the game itself, but it is unnaceptable to release a game, even a port of a console game, on PC without graphics options or 1080P. Wait till its modded."
,Not Recommended,292120,21222452,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Cloud,Im really split on this game but overall I would say its not a terrilbe gameHowever this pc port is the worst port ive ever played and its burns me even more that I pre-ordered this garbage port.Be lucky steam refunds are now a thing.Port Quality-3/10Game Quality-7/10
76561198129433641,Recommended,292120,32789856,Posted: 25 June,all,bruceavenged,"Big fan of this series, can't understand all the FFXIII bashing. Works fine on pc port with ps4 controller. Excellent story and plenty of game playthrough time. Almost as good as FFX."
,Recommended,292120,16766396,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,永远蹲着的男,"Before you read this do know that English is not my native language, also this is my opinion on this game so not everyone may agree with my way of thinking. As last also keep in mind I am writing this review with only a few hours into the game. thanks in advance;First of all I am new to the Final Fantasy series. This summer sale (2015) I bought FF3, 4 and 13. I played 3 for like 7 hours by the time I am writing this and started 13 today.(Without spoilers)----------Story----------The game introduces you with a cutscenes which are beautifully made by the way. My first reaction was ""It looks epic"". It tells about the usual good vs evil but with a twist. The story really submerges you into the FF world, the athmosphere, music, sound, everything helps with making you feel submerged.The game has6 main characterswhich all have their own story. FF does a great job on combining them so they all have their own and their shared story.The cut scenes are a welcoming thing. I am actually excited when one appears. Normally I feel like skipping but with this game its like watching a movie.----------Combat----------The combat is just like (from what I know) the other FF games: Turn based.Only everything continues simultaneously, so in other words: If you dont tell your character which attacks to use the character will get attacked but wont attack unless you tell it too. You control one character per battle and the others in your party will auto-attack based on what attacking scheme you use.Fighting schemes decide which classes what characters use.For example you can have a scheme where you would have one Attacker, tank and a medic. If you would control the character who is the attacker the tank will try to take the hits and obviously the medic will try to heal.You can switch schemes at any time in a battle and I recommend you do so.The battle begins as you walk towards an enemy and they notice you, But you can also try to sneak up from behind to try and land a sneak attack. With a sneak attack the enemies stagger bar is already filled so when you hit an attack the enemy will be staggered and take extra damage.Now what is staggering? When you chain up attacks on a specific target their stagger bar will be filled and when it's full your next attack will stagger it so the enemy will take more damage and be stunned for the first hit.You fight with a max of 3 people from what I have seen till now.----------Customization----------Is pretty basic, A skill tree based on the classes so for example: Char 1 -> Choose which of the classes you want to upgrade the skills of.-> Upgrade skill -> Earn more xp with battles ^I am pretty happy with the skill system, its basic but it works good. Feel comfortable and not weird.You can customize what kind of weapons your characters have and what kind of boosters etc. By the time I am writing this it is not that important in the game yet.Pros:->Looks good->Good story->Great atmosphere->Option between Japanese or English audio->Beautiful world->Great combat->Keyboard feels comfy to use tooCons:->Not a lot of settings to choose from->Combat might feel repetitive for someBoth:->Lots of grindingTL:DR;I recommend this game, makes me feel part of the world, but lots of grinding.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,12425797,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Spaghetti Sauce,Very Disappointed in this Game.locked at 720p.Doesn't seem that well optimized. Quality looks like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥but seems like it dips in framerate. Doesn't look like it ever reaches 60fps at all.No control at all with video settingsExpect exactly what the 360 got.If they actually do patch this game later on I will change my review.
,Not Recommended,292120,12426031,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SPACE FAGGOT,"Lol lets hope they feel so ♥♥♥♥ing guilty for releasing this on this PC with no video options, I would've been just fine with just resolution options and no graphics options, but lol, nope, at least it was only 15$."
,Recommended,292120,12543135,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Superior,Final Fantasy XIII a game that makes you dream.It is a linear Japanese RPG with strategic combat.+ Overall Graphics+ Storyline+ Stunning landscapes+ Characters are well designed+ Stunning cutscenes+ Classes+ Lore- 60 GB- Locked resolution- Characters can't wear different clothing
,Not Recommended,292120,16563521,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,li.u,"Urgh...poor port. The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ no matter your specs / settings. It's still playable, but by no means enjoyable.Other than that it's highly linear in terms of progression and combat. You run from corridor to corridor in order to more or less auto-resolve your battles. It still looks very pretty, but thanks to the aforementioned framerate problems, even watching the colorful animations is not as fun as it should be.This is one game I wish I hadn't picked up before Steam updated its refund policy."
76561198037939113,Not Recommended,292120,12425955,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MyPhantomile,"Locked at 720p with no video settings whatsoever. Despite it's low price, I had some hope that it would be a decent port. Turns out I was wrong.I can only recommend this if you really want to play with the Japanese voices and aren't too bothered by the rather low resolution. For a first time player, then it might be something worth looking into. For those who want the game to look its best, I'd suggest staying away."
,Not Recommended,292120,12426766,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Maritan,Locked at 720p
,Not Recommended,292120,12427252,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Omgburger,"LOL this ""port"" is a joke. They diden't even bother to add an ""exit"" button to the main menu. Though it's totally worth it to see a stretched out stumpy lightning flopping around because I can't change the aspect ratio to fit my monitor."
76561197996549808,Not Recommended,292120,12428980,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,barnassey,"Games if very linear but im beating a dead horse. This release sucks, jerky movement on maps as well as NO settings for improved quaility as well as it plays @ 720P. Unacceptable. No japanese voices when even Lightning returns has it."
,Not Recommended,292120,12428839,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,"It is really a pure ""port"", but is it a good port? No it isn't.Releasing for PC after 5 years, there are no graphics options and obviously lack of optimization can be seen throughout the game with studderings. The game is locked at 720p and it doesnt impact on me that heavily, but those who are using 1080P or above will be angered by this intolerable 720p lock.Luckily, there is a mod that could up scale the resolution, but the function should be built-in in game and shouldn't require a 3rd party software for this.As of today, 9th October 2014. FF XIII can be ignored by now until updates, or will there be updates to address the issues, until then, do not, I say again ""DO NOT"" purchase the game as it's current state, there are more polishing needed to be done for this port that was orignally a ""hope"" for PC gamers."
76561197984591757,Not Recommended,292120,12425388,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Pc Peasant,"720p in 2014 on pc (only resolution one resolution)Oh and don't hit Esc, it closes the game instantly without saving (if you play on fullscreen)Doesn't matter how good the game may be, those 2 problems break it for me.1/10 for this port"
,Not Recommended,292120,12425536,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,WACOMalt,"If you liked this game on console, DONT GET IT FOR PCThe game doesnt work with a controller, and is locked to 720p.They have stuff in the settings for controller which is funny since you cant use one...There are absolutely no settings whatsoever to make it look good.  What a waste of money.The ONLY video options are from the launcher which lets you choose windowed 720p or Full screen 720p."
,Not Recommended,292120,12426226,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Miqueltozzz,"DONT BUY!A (very) badly made port, a GTX780 is not enough to run this game properly. Also you cannot change resolution from the default 720p, so it does not even look good. The gamepad integration seems to be made for an XBOX-controller, so have fun trying to figure the controls on a PS3-style controller.Bottomline: Unplayable."
,Recommended,292120,12651837,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,felixfreshness,It is pretty linear for a Final Fantasy game but the story is quite compelling.  This is my first run through on a computer and I haven't touched it on a console since the game first launched so it is kinda like playing it for the first time.  Beautiful design and awesome music make this a game worth playing if you are a fan of story driven rpg's.
76561198034582159,Not Recommended,292120,33823349,Posted: 26 July,all,Sleeper,"Game became a chore after a few hours and stopped being entertaining. A huge grindfest to the end swapping between combat styles.Beautifully crafted environments, extremely high production value, awesome cutscences, choreography, interesting lore but ultimatelty too many other shortcommings- dull storyline, boring immature characters and juvenile dialogues- combat mechanics revolves around paradigm combinations to beat bosses- melodramatic"
76561198026915419,Not Recommended,292120,12429238,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jon Arbuckle,"If you like games that freeze and stutter constantly, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,292120,12650230,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Cloudymud,"I loved this game on PS3 and love it more on PC! i like the smoothness of the 60fps, but the locked resolution at 720p is a big let down. The game itself has some age so everyone knows how it works, boring corridor-style for the fisrt 20-ish hours and then a great area with lots of things to do where you can ""free-roam"" and farm gold etc.. i think its worth it especially because of the price tag."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425768,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dr. Deezee,"::10/22/2014 UPDATE::So approximately a week and a half after the game launches, Square Enix has quietly introduced a patch. What does it fix? We now get a confirmation that we want to close the game when we press escape in full screen.Excuse me if I'm too overwhelmed to edit anything else about my review just yet. (Less cynically: at least it's SOMETHING and the patch notes say they're working on other stuff. I'll be holding my breath until I pass out from lack of oxygen. Stay tuned, and, as always... Please look forward to it.)Original review:Locked 720p resolutionESC key is a shortcut for Alt+F4 in full screen modeLiterally no graphics configuration options (whoops, I mean, you can choose full screen or windowed)Best 60 GB I ever spent 10/10 would fellate Squeenix again::10/10/2014 EDIT::60 GB is stupid. The ""reason"" this game is 60 GB supposedly is because fans clamored for Japanese languages. To maintain everyone's super deep lip sync immersion, this means that the Japenese language pack doesn't just consist of extra audio files, but slightly tweaked versions of every pre-rendered cutscene. So the game installs two versions of every cutscene on your computer. And no, the Japanese pack is not optional. Why not do as Dynasty Warriors 8 did and make the Japanese language pack free optional DLC? I'm not the only one who isn't going to play with Japanese voices (though I know many are). Perhaps they could even offer two separate downloads, a 30GB English install and a 30GB Japanese install. (I don't see the need for having both installed at the same time, since I figure most people would play through the game using one or the other language.)Locked 720p is stupid. Note that this isn't CAPPED 720p, it's LOCKED 720p. There are literally no resoultion options. The game touts 60 FPS but many people experience stuttering and inconsistent framerames (myself included). Some people have suggested certain workarounds revolving configuring video drivers, with mixed results. Some say it works, some report it doesn't. (I'm in the ""it doesn't do anything"" boat.) And before the mindless white knighting fanboys tell me to upgrade my toaster hurr durr (in the same breath they tell me to stop being an entitled PC master race elitst for wanting resolution changes), my specs are:Time of this report: 10/10/2014, 01:58:56Operating System: Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bit (6.3, Build 9600) (9600.winblue_gdr.140723-2018)Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4930K CPU @ 3.40GHz (12 CPUs), ~3.4GHzMemory: 32768MB RAMDirectX Version: DirectX 11GPU: 2x NVidia GeForce GTX 780 3GB VRAM in SLIThe inconsistent performance is happening for people across the board regardless of their specs.Once you get past all of that, the game runs and you can play it. So that's a thing. It hasn't crashed on me. But it should be mentioned there are several reports of people who can't launch the game, can't get full screen working, have the game crashing after loading the launcher, and other similar problems.BUT HEY AT LEAST IT'S ONLY $16 LOL WHAT DID YOU EXPECT??????I dunno, maybe a port like The Last Remnant which has all the standard configuration options, and even went above and beyond the call of duty by adding extra content and features that make the PC version even better than the console versions for $6 less than what the same company is asking for Final Fantasy XIII?Lastly, yes, there is a pre-alpha community developed mod headed by Durante (of the DSFix and DPFix fame) that lets you tool around with resolutions but also reportedly breaks menus and has other graphical glitches and such (hence: pre-alpha). Also it has no impact on performance (FPS dips, etc) problems. Forgive me for being old fashioned but I kind of think it falls to the devs to offer these kinds of basic functionalities, not modders."
,Recommended,292120,31873534,Posted: 20 May,all,hatsunator,While understandibly not a high point in main character roster or story writting within the franchise. It definetly makes up for it with a great asthetic led by stunning visuals and beautiful soundtrack all while showing off an interesting take on the traditional turn-base combat the series is known for. 7/10
,Not Recommended,292120,12426054,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Iskhiaro,"720p ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no graphics options. Last time I pre-order a game I don't know for SURE is gonna be ported right."
76561198072985070,Recommended,292120,34435411,Posted: 23 August,all,Aloice,"Just to get it out of the way: XIII has beautiful graphics. The environment, cutscenes, character portraits etc. are mindblowingly gorgeous. If you end up playing XIII-2 and LR, the graphics are not nearly as great, but I'd return to XIII's Nautilus and Lake Bresha any day.The music: good, but not spectacular (that I'd give to something like Bastion). I love Saber's Edge, Blinded by Light, and the arrangements of Hope's theme, but those are the only ones that I remember off the top of my head.The battle system: takes quite a while to learn and master, especially if you're not a confident gamer, but very rewarding and fun once you get it right. Yeah I had a few cases of trying to get past a boss for like an hour. Yeah it was frustrating. But I think in the end I enjoyed it more than the systems of, say, VII where I just power grinded a bit and was able to breeze through the rest of the game without worrying about ever losing.Misc: The pacing can use some help. I found all the open world sidequests and grinding on Pulse to be an enormous chore but a lot of people love those and claim that they're the only good things about the game so *shrug*. I disliked the two chapters on the Palamecia and the Fifteenth Ark but I guess you do get awarded with plot revelations at the ends of both? Oh, and they probably could have made the ending a bit easier to understand. With all that said though...I won't comment much about the linearity because I think that's a case of you either like it or you don't, but as for the characters... well, okay, one can make the argument that XIII is ""different"" from the other FFs. That it doesn't have a clear antagonist and that the characters are not overtly inspiring. But that does not make it an objectively worse game. It makes it a more realist (genre) and human fantasy. The issues the cast faces in XIII are more existentially complex and difficult than those faced by say the casts of VII and X, and because of that they make less straight-up noble and/or badass choices, but I really appreciate seeing that in a beautifully rendered and carefully constructed game because that's... closer to real life. I appreciate the XIII cast a lot and they're my favorite cast by a mile by virtue of how much they managed to do and love despite everything that had happened to them. I'd argue, really, that I enjoyed XIII similarly to how I enjoyed The Last of Us or Nier Automata - it's a game that ultimately ponders on the human condition."
,Recommended,292120,35171335,Posted: 23 September,all,Vitae Essentia,"I love this game to bits and it's my favourite of all time so I decided to take a look at its reviews and such. After reading tons upon tons of not recommended reviews all I keep seeing is ""Oh, the levels are extreamly linear"" or ""The battle system sucks"". So maybe I can put a shroud upon those ""issues"" and make them seem like not such a bad thing; perhaps deceptisol or fortisol or something.So firstly, the levels ARE linear mostly up until around near the end of the game but did you consider the storyline up until that point before pointing it out as an ""issue""?... I don't think so.I hardly think going for a run around the wilderness whilst the army is on your trail is a bright idea lol and the storyline, up until its most pivotable point, has lightning trying to cause havoc and mayhem to the citizens on Cocoon.So what I'm saying here is that each main protagonist has a single minded goal and the routes they take is obviously going to be the most direct one. Have a think, EACH character has their own seperate goal. For gamers who want to buy this game and play it for the first time try not to read the text above but don't listen to reviews stating that the level designs are an issue, their visuals are stunning and most of the time their linear-ness just blows over your head.And for the battle system, up until this point in Final Fantasy, combat has always been pressing a button or clicking a key to queue attacks and wait for you characters to execute them. Because this time Square Enix decided to add the element of real-time strategy rather than turn based, so it makes sense that you can only control a single character. They also added an Auto-Battle feature that kinda hand holds you through battles, however its not made to be abused. Many reviews have told the story of ""It makes the game boring because you can just abuse it""... but isn't that the case with any feature on any game. The feature was made so that if you don't have a clue what ability to use, it will give you a somewhat idea of what to use, therefore you can queue up abilities to better target your enemies weaknesses. It's just silly to criticise a game for doing something a little different that adds a bit more variety into it.All in all, they're the small minded reviews about this game that you should stay away from. I'm not saying this port is perfect, no way, but the game itself is wonderful. It's visuals are stunning, the soundtrack is amazing, the story is deep and you'll grow to appreciate the main protagonists as the game progresses. However persisting bugs, though not game breaking, are still awaiting a patch *cough cough Square Enix cough*.OVERALL: 8.5 out of 10 (Based on this port)"
,Recommended,292120,34772804,Posted: 6 September,all,jmp6825,"If you have a decent computer you can probably run it, this port from the console versions has gotten a lot better since its release.  I have experienced no crashes with the recent updates opposed to the constant crashing I had gotten when this port was released.  As for gameplay it self, if you've never played it and your an avid RPG fan I'd pick it up and give it a shot, don't get turned away by the reviews saying it's too linear because imho this is one of the best FF games out there, it's just as much linear as any other FF, you just need to play a little to get to the ""Open-World"" section of the game, other than that the battle system is very fun once you get used to the paradigm system, and the story is a little hard to follow but it's a very good storyline.  If you've been waiting for a stable release for the port now is the time, pick it up and enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,292120,12430375,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,aethericAnuran,"I would love to tell you I enjoyed my time with the game. I would, if it were actually playable for me. This is the first game that gave me a migraine from the constant stuttering going on. Keep in mind the hardware requirements for this game are laughably low, and even on my aging machine I exceed them. However the gameplay is a consistent stuttering mess and sucks all joy from the experience.The day before release, I had a great feeling of joy that this would be a decent port. After all, Square (or someone) sprang the announcement of Japanese audio on us. Unfortunately that's about the only thing they did right for this game. You have no graphical options beyond windowed and fullscreen mode. No way to change the resoultion, which is locked at 720P. No way to actually exit the game (but escape instantly shuts the game down). But you get that Japanese audio track, right?As it stands, I'm not even disappointed with Square. This is only reinforcing the idea that they have no idea how to treat PC gamers, just like most Japanese developers. Very few deliver quality ports, and Square isn't one of the few. Unless there is some major patching of this game in the coming weeks, I'll not be buying the rest of the series.I guess you do get what you pay for."
,Not Recommended,292120,12429171,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Rivenyst,"Horrible port...The only reason it is even playable is because of durante...Square should be doing this themselves. 1080p is a given, framerate drops are not okay, especially on a computer such as mine that can run games such as Thief or Metro Last Light on max settings 60 fps. Almost throughout im stuck at 30fps or lower with a lot of stuttering. This is a huge downer Square...This should NOT be happening from the likes of you. I TRUSTED YOU."
76561198026631498,Not Recommended,292120,18899952,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ProphetSword,"You should buy this game if you think you would enjoy a game where you do this:* Run in a straight line.* Watch a cutscene.* Run in a straight line some more.* Fight a painfully easy battle with no real strategy.* Run in a straight line some more.* Watch a cutscene.* Fight a battle where you push one button the whole time.* Continue running in a straight line.* Watch another cutscene.* Etc.This was the whole gameplay after 7+ hours until I finally gave up and started watching reviews to see if it would change.  And no, it doesn't change.  Read some reviews online if you don't believe me.  This is literally nothing more than an interactive movie where you run down a pre-programmed hallway, fight battles by pushing a single button over and over again and watch things unfold without your input and without any choices from you.Do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,292120,34716666,Posted: 3 September,all,pingu,"I am a long time Final Fantasy fan, and I think that others coming from this background may be a bit dissapointed with this game. The visuals are definitely breathtaking, and play on the Final Fantasy style that we've all come to know and love. The story is deep and engaging, though a bit hard to follow.Where this game really seems to lose people is the god-awful battle system, the extremely linear gameplay, and the lackluster leveling (crystarium) system. The battle system consists of you controlling only who your party leader is, and chaining together attacks, though most people will opt for mashing the ""auto battle"" button. The game's paradigm system allows you to switch jobs on the fly, which is an essential feature if you'll need to utilize if you want to make it through battles. That's more or less the extent of the battle system. It's boring, and usually ends up with you repeatedly selecting auto-battle.The levels are extremely linear, much to the point that it becomes a chore to get through them. The only variety you get here is the ocasional short path to the left/right to grab a treasure chest. It basically feels like an RPG on rails.The leveling system, or the crystarium system, consists of leveling up different classes for each character. You battle, collect crystarium points (CP), then use this CP to move your pointer on each character's crystarium to gain attributes. It's very boring, clunky, and not fun at all.You can upgrade your weapons using collected materials, but it's not important  to do so (and kind of a waste of materials) until closer to the end of the game.I can recommend this game to Final Fantasy fans based on the visuals alone, but be prepared to get bored of the linear gameplay fairly quickly."
,Not Recommended,292120,12431380,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Illford_Baker,"Stutters on midrange hardware (core i7 first gen, GTX 465), NO GRAPHICS SETTINGS, you have 2 options and thats fullscreen or windowed, both of which are LOCKED TO 720p (at least you get 60FPS... if you have hardware better than mine).Escape is alt+F4, it exits the game full stop no warning if you are in fullscreen. sucks if your muscle memory assumes escape is menu.oh, and 60GB because apparently they had to include english and japanese audio in every version."
,Not Recommended,292120,19652017,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Revolver Stoob,"Now that lightning returns is out on the same engine well optimised theres no exuse for how bad this is running. Get off your lazy arses and apply the optimisations to this and -2. Also fix the missing text bug when running in 1080, its been almost a year now FFS."
,Not Recommended,292120,12427761,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Yögimp,"""Best consoleport ever 10/10 would download 50gb again"" -nobody"
76561198074280186,Not Recommended,292120,12428751,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,maxky13,- No 1080p- Bad compressed cutscences (PS3 Cutscenes > PC Cutscenes)- No AA-Options- No AF-Options- Bad Subtitles- Random Framerate drops (if you change the power settings it gets a little better)- Only 1280x720I use 2560x1440 monitor it very very ugly picture!!!
,Recommended,292120,12702134,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Athem,"First of all:I'm playing this series since the snes era, and I'm a big fan of it. However as you may guess, I got too old to hype a game just because it's called Final Fantasy and Square is behind it. That means, what you will read might be pretty accurate. Well it will be up to you to decide that of course.Final Fantasy - Only in name?Definetly not. How can I say that? Well.. Back then when Final Fantasy V and VI came out on SNES .. do you remember that? You could make decisiont which affected the gameplay and the story a bit. That was awesome. Deep character designs, well developed world and etc. After that Final Fantasy VII came out. You could still make choices but they made LESS impact on the story. However there were mostly improvements like the materia system, side stories and so on. That was obviosly a step ahead technicaly too. The story was better or worse than the previous ones, depending on your taste. Personally (as most of the players) I liked that pretty much. Than Final Fantasy VIII and IX came, and they weren't improved much likely rethinked compared to Final Fantasy VII. They were VERY good games and honestly..why should they change anything if it worked? They couldn't improve the side quests, secrets, mini games more, because of the hardware, so they just revamped the things and it worked.Now time jump, and everything begins here... Final Fantasy X. Definetly a good Final Fantasy, however already lacking the depth in side quests. (Blitzball was awesome thou.) The story telling went into the ""movie style"", mostly because the character had voice acting. That was ok and we all knew that they have to keep up with trend and technic.Final Fantasy XII... I think that was a ""we don't know which way to go"" game, since it was pretty much like the MMO version but in offline mode, with better story. Not bad, not good..and not because you couldn't enjoy it but it was a totally revamped thing. The atmosphere was ok.Final Fantasy XIII Is what we got here. They went back to Final Fantasy X because I think they felt that this is better than the FFXII mmo style, and ""improved"" that. This is a success. More movie like, faster, more action based but...lacks the things what was still in Final Fantasy X. While there was still some ""game"" elements, like story development while you play, the feeling that you are respoinsible at least a bit for the things and so on, Final Fantasy XIII is more like a movie. You wont feel that you are making the choices, you won't feel that you are responsible for anything, you won't feel that your characters developed cause of you (more precisly, you wont get this illusion like in the older games), and you wont be sad when you finish the game cause your journey ends.That's because we are in 2014 (or 2010 when the game was released) and the trend is the movie style gameplay. It's not as bad as you think, it's definetly a Final Fantasy, just not a game but a movie with many interractions.Shall I play this if I want to play a J-RPG?Definetly, comapred to the J-RPGs on pc, this one is one of the best. Even if it's not good compared to the old Final Fantasy titles, It is pretty good compared to other J-RPGs nowadays.However if Tales Of Vesperia and others will come to PC once, I think I will have to take this back... :PHm..ok, but should I buy this for 13€?If you like J-RPG and Final Fantasy, I think this is pretty much a good price. The port is cheap and lacks many things, but let's be honest: Who the hell plays games like this without controller?Pros:-Nice design.-Final Fantasy feeling-Actually pretty good combat system-FangCons:-Bad characters. Not just because you can't feel anything special about them, but most of them actually ANNOYING!-Too movie like, too linear-No mini games. WUT?!-Without controller it's masochism-Poor port.-Hope (Haha, you will definetly know why if you play the game. Tbh I would write Vanille and Snow here too)Why thumbs up then?Even with this many flaw, even with the annoying characters I still played for hours and couldn't stop. That means: as a game I can recommend that.I hope this will be help some of you. :)Cheers!"
76561198066476193,Not Recommended,292120,35193442,Posted: 24 September,all,Admiral_FU,"I've played all the US releases of FF, I usually appreciate the battle systems, the strategy and the tactics.But this game is shallow, at least in the first several (long) hours.  Of course, if you prefer to feel like you're watching an endless series of automatically executed encounters, this game may be for you."
,Not Recommended,292120,19900634,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mad Hatter,"Final Fantasy XIII reminds me of the South Park episode where we meet the Marklar aliens.  Replace every noun in FFXIII with Marklar and you would not be any more lost as to what is going on or why.  There is an entire encyclopedia that opens up as you play the game, but it only opens up when it feels like it.  I would figure having all the information ahead of time and studying said encyclopedia would allow the player a better understanding about the story from the start.  Then again, if I wanted to read a story about another world and people saving the day, I'd read a book, not play a game.I made it 16 hours in and I'm still on rails, following character stories that I am barely starting to understand about characters that I really don't care about.  You jump from one group to the next with no real reason and lacking context of their world or situation.  I found it very difficult to connect to them in any way.  At least beyond the ideas of, Snow is an idiot, Hope is a cry-baby, Lightning is a robot, Vanille makes the most annoying sounds, and Sazh is what you would expect of people trying to be PC about a character.  My favorite character so far, is the chocobo chick that lives in Sazh's hair.  That little guy is more expressive than any of the other characters, and that's just out of his 20 minutes of screen time.While times change, so do games and everything else.  Final Fatnasy XIII is less fantasy and more sci-fi.  Albeit 1970's, B-rated, acid trip sci-fi.  Horrible storytelling, un-relatable characters, constant tutorials, game mechanics that play the game for you, an unnecessarily convoluted leveling system(one that puts the sphere grid of FF-X to shame), and a world so lost in itself it requires a dictionary and encyclopedia to understand.  If you're new to the FF series, you might like it, especially if you are into sci-fi.  If you are one of the ""old school"" FF players, that loved anything 7 or under, you should skip it, the series is dead.Oh, and motorcycle twins Shiva summons.  Yes, Shiva are twin sisters with wheels for hair that wrap their legs around each other and become a motorcycle for a character to ride around on.Final Score:Marklar/10"
,Recommended,292120,21846010,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Identifying...,"Overall rating 9.8/10It has a good graphic, story, and a gameplay. If you ask why I put 9.8 there because I like watching the story than playing the battle and I dont like to see the instant story in the youtube because i can finish watching the story less than a day."
,Not Recommended,292120,12487067,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Qi Ling An,I love the loading screen. it's so fast and almost invisible.The rest r the same with the console version.
,Not Recommended,292120,12426672,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Game Warden Isz,Locked to 1280 x 720 in the year 2014. Runs poorly on AMD cards even in 720p. Escape key closes the whole game. No video options at aside from toggling full screen. Bad port right now but there are some third party fixes being worked on.
76561198027189265,Not Recommended,292120,12425629,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stanley,"No graphical options whatsoever,The screen is locked at 720p without any means to change it.I tried overriding default settings in Nvidia Control panel to at least remove the screen tearing - no vsync or fps locking options helped, it's as if screen tearing is part of the game (at least cut scenes, which are half of it).Haven't been more dissapointed with Square Enix since release of Final Fantasy XIV 1.0."
76561198032816214,Not Recommended,292120,12429252,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DarkLThemsby,"TL;DR DO NOT BUY Final Fantasy XIII on steam. It is the worst port to PC I have ever seen in my life, and I dearly hope to never see one such as this again.So Final Fantasy XIII was released on PC today, and ooooh boy this does not bode well for future Square Enix releases on PC if this is the way they're gonna do it.In the almost 7 hours that have passed since I started the download of the game, till I started writing this, I have maybe been able to play for 15 minutes. The very first BIG problem that we get is that the game is a staggering 49,4 GB download (hue hue big). Oh and while we're at it, the game itself does not just take up 49,4 GB of your harddrive, no actually it takes up 58 GB, yep 58 (that's a LOT). ""Well Watch Dogs was also a 50 GB download and that turned out fine right?"" Yes and no, but that is unimportantAnd so we can be led into the next problem, because what are those 58 GB? Surely that must mean 4k textures and super HD shaders and so on right? Not at all. When you launch it you get a fancy launcher where you can toggle Windowed Mode and the spoken language in the game. There is no video options. What. So. Ever. In this game. It is locked at 720p and there ain't♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do about it. In 20♥♥♥♥ing14 we have to look to modders for our games to be proper 1080p REALLY?!""But if it's not HD textures and all that then what are those 58 GB?"" Well funny you should ask. 39,7 GB of those are naught but prerendered cinematics. Yep, if you go into the FFXIII folder in your steamapps, you'll find a small folder called ""Movie"" and there lies most of your now taken harddrive space. So we are left with a 20 GB 720p game. But enough about that.You enter the game and what are the first thing you realize? No proper mouse control. Okay that has been seen many times. You move the curser by scrolling the mouse wheel, or you use the keyboard, not the worst thing to happen but well take it as it comes. You enter the options menu to check if there is a resolution option somewhere, which of course there isn't, and then proceed to check your controls. There are pseudo rebindable keys, however you are only able to change 6 inputs. Nothing about how you move, look or interact with the world can you touch. Disappointed you proceed to press escape, because you are used to PC gaming, where that is the go-to button for getting back to the previous menu. What happened? Did the game just crash? Nope, it simply closed. For some inexplicable reaason, the escape key COMPLETELY closes the game, and it is only if you play in windowed mode, that you get a prompt that say ""Are you sure you wish to exit the game?"" Oh you're certainly asking for it that's for sure.I highly recommend that you use a controller for this game, because this is an even more barebones port from the consoles than FFVII and VIII. At least those games had proper key remapping, as well as the ability to play in 1080p. This port was made by people who had no idea what the hell they were doing. It is an insult to not only the PC, but especially to the game itself. FFXIII might not be the most loved game in the FF series, but you cannot deny how well it did on the PS3 and 360. One would think that Squeenix's move towards PC ports of their older games, might be proof of what they said a while back about maybe moving towards PC gaming with their main series, however if they do not get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, I can guarantee that they will see no sales on PC in the future. I am already forseeing far fewer sales of FFXIII-2 and Lightning Returns, not just because they have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stories, but also because the port of XIII is SO bad, that it is probably not worth it. We can only hope that if Squeenix decide to bring FFXV to PC, they do it properly. Maybe they should talk to some of their western collegues about how to do a PC port. I would recommend Ubisoft, Blizzard or BioWare for starters. I think we can already see the solid 0 out of 10 scores streaming onto MetaCritic. And I would almost say that theyare in their every right to be that.This game has NO right to fill 58 GB. Essentially you are simply running a PS3 emulator on your PC, and even then I'd say that emulating the original PS3 disc would probably be better, because then you could most likely get proper 1080p fullscreen. We can only hope that they will patch this game, or that the modders work fast, because right now, I can only say ""Do not buy"""
76561198005857800,Not Recommended,292120,12427933,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,r_sparrow,Worst... Port... Ever!
,Not Recommended,292120,12425720,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Gotcha,"Been trying to find the .ini file to edit the graphics option and eradicate the irritating ""smoothed frame"", well.... no luck..... felt cheated over that so-called fantastic ads on this port to PC... kinda pathetic ! WTH... this port is ALL ABOUT grabbing fast cash to save this sinking boat... what a disgrace to PC gaming history......"
76561197980173977,Not Recommended,292120,12426118,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Frencis,"One more bad port for pc from square enix...seems like this company care only about money from pc players and they dont  , ,,, bad resolution ,,,game looks like u are play on old gen console....shame60/100 i will never buy a console port for pc again"
76561198025191011,Not Recommended,292120,12432192,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kinghappy,"What a horrible port!There are no graphics options whatsoever!The game is locked at 1280x720, so the game appears as a small box in my TVit only has 720pThere is no anti-aliasing optionThis game needs to be updated NOW!!"
,Recommended,292120,12488198,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nopeeee,"It has one of the most confusing and lacking explanation stories. I literally was as lost as get it gets in the beginning. Also It's a very linear game, there's almost no exploration and it's a rookie mistake taking exploration from any RPG. Everyone that likes RPGs know that exploration is one of the most glorious thing in RPGs; Simply put, It's one of the two most important backbone features in an RPG, the other one is turned-based combat.However, I liked the gameplay (the combats, though... the gameplay outside of combat is underwhelming). There are many features that I haven't seen before in RPGs. Well, I'm not really used to RPGs that aren't turn based, so...In addition, the game doesn't let you customize the graphics or resolution. If you want to play at 1080p, you'll need a mod. The developers did a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job.In a nut shell, It's a fun game. It's not the best Final Fantasy or anything, but still fun. Don't expect much from it."
,Recommended,292120,12656887,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,derpenaries,"There's a considerable amount of reviews criticising the plot line and the characters of Final Finatasy XIII but as far as I can tell it's really unjustified.  I'm a fan of more serious games and haven't been able to play certain games like Final Fantasy X-2 because of just how cringe-worthy everything was.  FFXIII is a solid game with a great cast of voice actors, characters, and phenomenal gameplay with a really interesting plot that's reminiscent of FFX.Having said that, locking the graphics at 720p was plain stupid and I can only hope with the next Final Fantasy on Steam they will realize exactly what the consumer base of PC gaming actually wants in a game.  One of the biggest highlights of PC gaming are modifcations and maximizing the graphics potential and I can't fathom why Square Enix would intentionally straddle us with settings that are so outdated."
,Not Recommended,292120,12428198,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Keefman85,"Edit: there is a plugin that can change resolutions and the guy is also working on other optimization options---->http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?p=618#commentsThanks SQUARE ENIX  I played this title on the playstation 3 but never finished it and now I get to play the game exactly how It was in 2009 same resolution, and none of those pesky optimization options that are all the rage these days. This game has essentially turned my gaming PC into a last generation console."
,Recommended,292120,21726615,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Xt4t1c,"If you are looking for the old FF feel, as in VII and VIII, well too bad it's not here. I am glad that FF took a bit of a leap to do something new, but people hate change. If you are one of those players don't play/buy this game.Yes the game has issues but so does every game EVER.The game is very linear, gives you one straight line with no exploration to talk about until you get to a certain point, thats about 10hours into the game. The Graphics is really beautiful, but some people have issues with fps drops and stuttering on the game.I really am enjoying the Battle System, the way you have to shift your paradigms to fit to your strategy, this also tries to make the game harder in a sense as you have to select ""medic"" to get someone to use a healing spell. The most fights is really boring at times as you have 10sec of a fight and then 5meters later another 10sec of the same type of fight but for the boss fights you really have to know when to swap your paradigm and this makes it interesting.The storyline is confusing at first but they kinda try and explain it to you, with flashbacks. Some characters are really irritating and some you really learn to like. (But thats how the real life is, you don't always like everyone)The upgrading of your gear could have been done differently, it's a bit boring and you don't always know what to do. The same with the leveling up of your crystarium, also they only get you to upgrade to a point every time, but this stops you from becoming overpowering.As a last note:This game is fun to play, really spoon feeds you most of the game, and the fights become bland and tedious as they are short and almost always the same. The game does not have any real exploration features and might make this a boring game for some as you only have one option, moving the way the corridor is leading you to. SE really tried to do something different they didn't make a flop neither was it a masterpiece but this is still a game worth playing if you can get past the 10hour tutorial."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425730,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Near,"No graphical option beyond a choice between full screen or windowed. Seriously, that's it.Resolution option? Nope. Aspect ratio? Nope. V-synch or AA? Nope. Any setting relating to graphical fidelity? Nope. Heck, there isn't even a button to exit the game on the main menu.If you own the console version there is zero version to buy this."
76561198037963270,Not Recommended,292120,12431202,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,IsarusRising,"I loved FF XIII on PS3, and was excited to hear that it was coming to PC. Buyers beware, this is not the same experience you get on consoles. Especially when compared to other poor ports, this one fails miserably. On a new, high-end computer, this game stutters. Players will need to tweak their GPU due to it underclocking in order to improve performance. The game's maximum resolution is 720p, rahter 1080p. There are numerous glitches and graphics errors that should have been readily apparent before release. This will be the first game I attempt to get a refund for from Steam, it's that bad."
,Not Recommended,292120,12431903,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Shantiri,"This is a disgusting halfassed port.Locked to 720p, even the pc versions of FFVII and VIII at least had resolution options.No graphic options to speak of apart from Fullscreen on or off.Horribly compressed cutscenes.Pressing the Esc key exits the game completely as if you had pressed alt+f4.Hardly reaches the advertised 60fps on a machine significantly beyond the reccomended specs.If they fix these things I will try again and change this review depending on the outcome, till then I'm finding it real hard to support one of my former favorite developers.Edit #1: I found out that if you go into nvidia manage 3d settings and set the gpu to prefer ""maximum performance"" it stops underclocking your gpu and runs it at a better framerate."
,Recommended,292120,12803377,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sarcastic,"My first 10 minutes playing final fantasy XIIIStarted with barely being able to listen to what was happening in the game. This is the first game i had any problems in that regard.Then for some reason i started having these odd lag spikes when not even fighting.Then i pressed Y and the game crashed.Also i launched the game again and it started taking screenshots. I have over 4000 screenshots because the game decided to take them...I wish i could get my money back.FYI, i'm not a hater or anything, i been a fan of final fantasy games since final fantasy 7, but this was a huge disapointment. I lose all respect for companies that launch games just to win a quick buck.Added this after playing the game for about 20 hours:So i have been playing FFXIII for over 20 hours and i have come to the comclusion this game is pretty good!Firstly, how was i able to play it? I used a mod, link below.http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?p=618This guy pretty much saves the game. If only Square Enix bothered as much.Anyway back to the game.The story isn't as good  as other FF stories, but it's not bad. The characters are cool and you don't get that feeling of ""why do i have to play with this guy?"" anymore.The combat system is very good. Takes the classic combat system you  had in the previous games and makes it better and more user friendly.The Eidolons tho... i don't know how they did it, but they managed to make them both cool and awkward. One secod you're like ""what the hell is this?"" the next you're ""oh wow, this is so cool!""This is a good game and it's fun to play. What else can you ask for?Changed my review to recomended, thanks to a mod."
76561198036765288,Not Recommended,292120,12426454,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,dyredia,I will change my recommendation as soon as you raise the resolution cap
,Not Recommended,292120,12428953,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,smkitdown,7/20p wouldn't play again.
,Not Recommended,292120,12443989,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,WurstHans,♥♥♥♥♥♥Port at it's best.  Kudos Square
,Not Recommended,292120,18666509,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,hombre_chango,Gorgeous but boring.
76561198062808510,Not Recommended,292120,12428587,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Slinger184,"DO NOT BUY!!! GET THE PS3 VERSION INSTEAD!!! trust me! there is a reason! Read my review! and you'll see why.This is a HUGE!!!! Disapointment >:( i'm actually REALLY ANGRY about this towards Steam and Suarenix! locked at 720p... thats all i have to say. Sure there is a Mod to increase Resolution but because the game only comes with the 720p cutscenes, it looks totally UGLY in the cutscenes, even if you Mod the game to a higher Resolution than 720p X( It still looks disgusting! I origiinally got this game on the Xbox 360. 3 discs, 1080p, 720p cutscenes. Than traded it for the PS3 version. 1 Disc because it was a Blu-Ray disc, 1080p, 1080p Cutscenes! it looked GORGOUS! i was hoping they would have used the PS3 Cutscenes but instead they used the crappy Xbox 360 Cutscenes. Huge Disapointment for me. since this game is so beautiful, u don't want to see not one nasty pixel, but instead, u do :(As for the game itself, i played it allready on the PS3 and it's actually a great game :) Sure it isn't the best finally fantasy game ever, but as a game in general, i liked it :D It's got Beautiful Environments, an awesome combat system and a decent story :) but some of the Charecters are a little annoying, it's kinda linear compared to past Final Fantasy games, and like i said earlier, the story is good but the way it's told is a little confusing O.o.... so watch out for that.Overall, if u REALLY want this game, GET THE PS3 VERSION INSTEAD!!! This is a game that deserves to be played in it's full High Resolution Glory that for some crazy reason, only Blu-Ray can provide. Have Fun ;)"
,Not Recommended,292120,12428163,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,biga,Worst port of 2014 so far!
,Recommended,292120,15779992,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,X X X X X X X R1 X
,Not Recommended,292120,12425943,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Junozard,"When this game was released as preorder, it said it will include Korean subtitle. However, there is no Korean subtitle for an international version. Sure, I don't have any problem to use English. It's ok, but this is kind of flaud from ethical point of view. They did not say this game will have two versions such as Asia and International (may be global) when this was introducted in steam at first. I still don't understand the reason why they are using regional restrict. It's very stupid....  and lost of time and money."
76561198050447578,Not Recommended,292120,12426999,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,wzz9121,"The graphic sucks and thats all, I just lose my interest to continue play this game after I saw lighting's hair looks like.............seaweed"
,Recommended,292120,14209823,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Badest,"A friend suggested the game, he said 'You should buy Final Fantasy XIII'I was like 'Why?'He said 'It's cool'I was like 'Okay.'I bought the game.It's cool."
,Not Recommended,292120,12431679,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Tuireann,"More important than a review here are some common issues that you will have with this game.If you experiencing an appcrash when running this game add a DEP exception for the executable that crashes(ffxiiiimg.exe or something similar; you will find it in the ""c:/program files(x86)/steam/steamapps/common/final fantasy xiii"" directory buried somewhere several folders deep.)If you are having issues with your monitor showing a huge black box around the game and overscan isnt fixing the issue and happen to have an AMD GPU you need to open Catalyst Control Center and disable ITC processing and force the desktop display resolution to 720P(HDTV) at 60hz and then manually set the scaling options to the overscan that gets the desktop as close to the edge of the screen as you can and apply the settings. You can then revert to your regular desktop resolution. The next time you run the game it will display correctly but it WILL look like butt. It will just look less like butt than it would have before. I have no idea how to fix it on NVidia GPUs but I assume the procedure will be similar.For the review I will say the game doesn't run at 60 FPS it is clearly running at about half that. You can tell as soon as the first video plays after starting a new game. I just spent 3 hours trying to get the game working correctly and I have not yet actually played more than the first couple of minutes. I will update my review accordingly as I make progress. I just wanted to be sure I posted some fixes for the game so noone else has to spend 3 hours fixing the issues like I just did.Update 1After playing about 15 minutes I noticed the game consisted of alternating between holding forward on the analog stick and mashing the A button and I often found myself looking for other things to do. So as an experiment I created a video in which I play the game and simultaniously perform other tasks like making tea, reading a book, and watching firefly on netflix.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViuPzr-Dm7AThe game plays like an endless cutscene. The battles are shallow and rarely require any intervention. There are moments when it releases control of the characters back to you just for you to walk 10 feet before it initiates another cutscene. The story isn't explained and the characters talk as if they expect you to know everything already. The characters are played out overused cliched archetypes with the depth of a shot glass. I feel like this game tarnishes Sakaguchi's legacy and drags it through the mud in a very unforgiveable way."
76561198010391607,Not Recommended,292120,12425900,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Killsjoyz,"Horrendous Port. 720p locked. Barely runs at 60fps and drops to 30fps, Awful screen tearing. Wait for modders or a fix."
,Recommended,292120,13705620,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jermthew0rm,Prettiest hallway simulator I've played
,Not Recommended,292120,12429214,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Temporal,ps3 runs this game in 1080plazy console port runs this at 720p in fullscreen modeWHAT.
,Not Recommended,292120,12427364,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Miami Bob,"We all know this game is tripe. Yes I bought it anyway. I'm a terrible human being. But the lack of 1080p is a real kick in the cajones, Square.Anyway, don't bother. But you already knew this in like 2008."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425946,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Azmerith,"Game is 100GB when unpacked, no graphic options and locked at 720p. Don't buy this, not unless they fix this issue."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425305,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AderBee,"Well as we all expected it's a terrible port, there is Japanese & English audio, but the FPS is capped at 30 during cutscenes and 60 during gameplay, and the resolution is set to 720p with no options to changeThere are no graphical settings to change either - it's basically a ps3 game on PC - Hurray!"
76561198017076196,Not Recommended,292120,12464739,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Soramaru,"This review is only focused on the gameplay and plot. Won't be taking in consideration of the 720p and nonsense like that (I am just glad to be able to play FF on PC again).But even without taking considerations of the fact that it is a horrible port; the game is still pretty bad. You have a bunch of very ridiculous and annoying characters this time around. Lightning is a cloud wannabe (ok this is still tolerable actually) , Afro (forgot his name) is the voice of reason and then there is a lady with a sari; Fang; these 3 here are the 'normal' ones.The abnormals ones include constantly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic high pitched Vanille, you-killed-my-mother-but-I-am-too-shy-to-talk-about it Hope (he is also incredibly emo) and 10-year-old-hero-wannabe-in-adult's-body Snow.  I just don't know where to start. This not how you do character progression godanggit! I don't care if they have a tragic history, a hidden agenda or 'it's get better at the end' but this is not how you tell a character's story! Read more books before you write out horrid character development like this for heaven sake! Even if a character has a hidden agenda or tragic history; they are much better way to flesh them out and make them interesting! Go watch GoT or something and learn a thing or 2. GAH.Game is so damn linear that it nearly felt like I am playing a cutscene (actually I felt like I am playing a VERY LONG tutorial). You don't have access to the world until you are about to fight the last boss. I will give a little bit credit in the setting of the game being interesting. But jargons are too overused that the gamer felt lost in the game setting. Certain stuffs that are important to the plot is not being explained until later in the game. I really hate to pause the game and wiki all the jargons they are speaking just to know what the ♥♥♥♥ they are talking about. Very poor writing here once again.It's very easy to feel disconnected the game and it's difficult to immerse into the story of the game. You will feel like you are a third party watching everything that is happening instead of being involved with the events in the game.Combat is so-so. It is quite fun with all the stance juggling and stuff but it can get VERY repetitive. Then again most RPGs ARE repetitive in nature so I will not hold this agaisnt XIII (see? I am reasonable and lenient! I try my very best to actually love this game).Felt bad giving such a hard review on this game despite buying the game to encourage more JRPGs being released on PC. But having played JRPGs like Shadow Hearts 2, Terranigma, Last Story, Pandora Tower and Xenoblade Chronicles; this game is just outright ridiculous. Perhaps my expectations were too high.For JRPGs  fan out there who love FF; I would recommend this game if you are a die hard fan. If you are not; I will definitely ask you to stay away from it and not waste your time. My only hope in finishing this is because I heard the next instalment is much better (and I hope this is true)."
,Not Recommended,292120,17493841,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SeyhPear,"i tried, i really did. but this game is extremely repetitive and boring..."
,Not Recommended,292120,12427361,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,JIMBLES,Awful PC port.  Quick cash grab.
,Not Recommended,292120,12430241,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,dvfaa ;,Good game with a bad port. Really hope Square Enix decides to fix some of the performance issues. If they do then I'll be able to recommend the game
,Not Recommended,292120,12430341,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DanDroidN,"Horribly ported. Regreting my purchase.FF13 to me was an amazing game when it was first released. Due to hardware limitations, I forgave the simple polygons and reduced textures. It was a great game as it was on PS3 and 360.However, This is just plain horrible. Playing on a locked 720p resolutions with no changes to the graphics is extremely disappointing. The gameplay was there, however, as I do like playing adventure games with my 360 controller, all of the button icons has been replaced with keyboard key icons. REALLY SQUARE? The simple things that they could've fixed was not even addressed. At times I have to guess what I should press. If I havent played this 4 years ago, I would be so lost. Huge lack of development and porting. It feels like I'm playing on a very confused 360 that has been overclocked and wants to be a PC. If square has the ability to bring patches and fix their product, you should wait it out before buying this game. This is exactly how the game looked 4 years ago. It was OK then, EMBARASSING now."
76561198079122369,Not Recommended,292120,12431573,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Nikki,No option to change video resolutions or settings. In game graphics are not as expected from a PC game. Please release an update that does so otherwise this will still remain as a 3.5 / 5 stars game.
,Not Recommended,292120,12425356,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ecidemon,"No resolution options and locked at 720pFrame drops to 30 on a very fast PC in combat and the game can't maintain 60fps outside combat either but hoovers around 55 so there is terrible ammount of screen tearing with adaptive vsync.i7 2600k 4.5Ghz, GTX 780Ti SLI, 16Gb ram.Really bad port here. Like Dark Souls all over >_<So for all the bad this game deserves and got in the past for the design and story we can now add crappy port to the list.Well done Square Enix, nice cash grab!Avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,292120,12430030,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,3x3cUt0r,"This port is TERRRIBLE, please, do yourself a favor and don't buy this cr*p, SquareEnix is really lazy when it comes to PC ports, the stuttering is horrible, controls are bad, tearing even at perfect 60fps because the game tries to run at 59.94 like it would on a TV, no textures improvements, there are no settings to tweak this ""game"".This game is a complete joke, anyway this is the worst game of the series, wait until they patch it and it hits $4.99 or less.GO GET DONUTS OR BEER, you money will be better invested."
,Not Recommended,292120,12428374,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,gluemchen|A place far far away,"If you already have this game on ps3 or xbox360... do not waste your money on this. I mean the game is the same and all, so there is that. But what about PC optimisations and extra tweaks that are kind of standard for PC gaming that enhances gameplay you ask? Nope. Not going to find it here. This does not even meet bare minimum requirements for me to see this as a half way decent port. But if the 60 fps is the only thing you are aiming for. Go for it!Personally if you want a good PC JRPG i would highly recommend The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC instead and to top it off... it's actually a good game too.http://store.steampowered.com/app/251150/"
,Not Recommended,292120,12429081,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,shttrdstr,"Never, ever buy this сrаp. This so called ""game"" is literally the worst thing i ever played in my whole life. 720p lock, horrible camera and controls, no setting at all, cut-scenes every ♥♥♥♥♥ing minute, gameplay as boring as hell. Square Enix please refund 2 hours of my life.What to do if you already bought this visual novel:1. delete it from hdd and hide on steam library2. erase your memory by using baseball bat or some drugs3. print Square Enix logo on any piece of paper you can find4. wipe your аss with it5. ?????6. cry in the shower"
76561197970971002,Not Recommended,292120,12426773,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RossyBoy,Oh dear...
76561197983512728,Not Recommended,292120,12427051,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Quit Tessa,"Like everyone else I pre-ordered this thinking that I could replay this with the better graphics options that are available with PC, only to find that it's locked to 720p only, horrendous control options and key mapping. Esc to Quit? OICH!This is not April therefore they clearly want a huge burst of Bad Publicity - maybe they want to file for Bankrupcy. After this debacle it'd be a good idea, I'm sure not going to buy another FF game ever again.I figured SE had learned it's lesson after FF XIV - evidently not.I own all FF games on PSX, PS2 & PS3. As soon as I finish this review I'm going to throw the whole lot into the bin, such is my disgust at this."
,Recommended,292120,33211032,Posted: 3 July,all,THE_TERRORIZER,"If you like (or are interested in learning about) Final Fantasy, like turn-based, real-time combat, and are looking for a good story, this is for you. I haven't beaten it yet, but there's nothing I don't really dislike about the game. It can be a bit grindy at times, but it's worth it. Very fun game, can be challenging. For 8 bucks (summer sale price), it's a steal. Pick it up!"
,Not Recommended,292120,32708109,Posted: 23 June,all,ferret,"The game is pretty good. The combat is fun and fluid once you get used to the paradigm system and the story moves along nicely. The soundtrack is really good and every track fits the moment.This port, however is really bad. I put a few hours into it, and most of my time was spent in trying to fix the frame stuttering and audio tearing. None of the widely reported 'fixes"" worked for me.I'd recommend the game, just not on PC.(Edit: I've filed for a refund. It's just not worth it on Steam. I'll play the game on my PS3.)"
76561198134172576,Recommended,292120,30382905,Posted: 7 March,all,liquidswordz89,"Very good game, totally don't understand the extremely negative reviews.  Overall it was a really fun game that I definitely enjoyed, the battle system especially was fast and fun and provided a lot of strategy where you had to customize and switch up your style to defeat certain bosses.This game definitely has problems however, mostly in terms of the story and the leveling up system.  I really enjoyed the leveling system towards the end of the game where it opened up and offered more customization, but the criticisms that it essentially was an automatic function that gave you a false sense of choices in the beginning half of the game are valid.  The weapon upgrading system also was not explained and presented well, but besides not exactly knowing what was going on you can do it and really have no problem, though later game weapons were made useless as it makes more sense to just continue to level whatever weapons you started to level in the beginning.In terms of the story, this is where the game really falls short, but the linearity was NOT the problem IMO.  I don't mind linearity because it allows a compelling story to be told, though this game could have done a better job disguising it (kindof like how FFX did).  The main problem with the story was the way it was told.  Upon researching further into the story I found that really crucial and important backstory wasn't explained or addressed in the game, not in the cinematics or the datalogs (I read every single datalog), and therefore motivations and plot points weren't understood, and you had to essentially say ""oh well I guess this is what is happening, just because"" and accept the premise the game was giving you if you were going to continue to enjoy the story (which I did and therefore was able to continue to enjoy it).  It also falls into the trap I've been noticing in FF recently where the rules of the universe aren't clearly defined, and then the story breaks those rules without offering any explanation.  What happens then is that main points of the story don't really make sense, and since they lead to other threads and main points further in the story, it makes it really hard to follow as the foundation the story rests on isn't stable.  Contrary to what a lot of reviewers say the story isn't convoluted at all, it really isn't even all that complex.  If that were the case I would have enjoyed it, what it really was was just told in a convoluted manner (the 13 days of flashbacks that are broken up into about 20 different segments that are revealed out of order at different times throughout the game) and main aspects of the story don't make sense, you essentially just have to accept them as such and not think about it too much.When researching into the story and its further backstory what is being told here is actually quite compelling, I just wish the game did a better job of explaining all of this in-game, datalogs included (most of this stuff wasn't explained in them either).  Also the ending pretty much uses a deus ex machina that doesn't really make sense, and it was one of the only FF endings that didn't have me tearing up or really eliciting strong emotions and feels, which is a real downside.  The other extreme negative was that there were quite a few sections that were essentially just padding, filler to grind out levels or so the game could reach its 40-45 hour playtime length, that really added nothing to the story and that I just wanted to get through.Overall however this was a really fun game that I really very much enjoyed, besides the filler levels, the poor execution of the story and the sub-par ending, I genuinely thought multiple times throughout my play time ""Man, I don't get why everyone hates on this game it is actually really good!""There is a lot to enjoy here, the battle system is great and strategic, towards the second half the leveling up system worked really well and you really felt like you were becoming strong as hell when you make it through the final stages and onto the final boss, and there were genuinely great moments in the story that really captivated me.  It just sucks that this wasn't even better realized as it definitely had the potential to be, but my appreciation for the story only increased as I further research into all of its details.I'd give this game a solid 6.5/10 (for reference I gave FFXV an 8/10)"
76561198196425650,Recommended,292120,32822950,Posted: 26 June,all,TornFlame,"Pros:-Pretty game-Character development is a thing-Combat system isn't that bad and is actually kinda fun after you get used to it-Amazing soundtrack-Vanille is cool-Story is confusing but interesting-The whole game is walking down a pretty hallway-Rewarding once completed (as most rpgs are)-Lots of gameplayCons:-Port can be inconsistent with framerate/visuals-Tutorial is hours long-Some characters are unbearable at certain parts of the game-The whole game is a hallway-Sidequest kinda suckOverall I think this is a decent port of an underrated game. While it's not the best final fantasy game it's definetely not the worst. If you've played previous installments in the franchise play this one with an open mind. I haven't beaten this port yet but I did complete the 360 version, and they both feel similar in terms of framerate."
,Recommended,292120,34200293,Posted: 12 August,all,Jahandar,"Great game. Parts near the end can feel like a bit of a slog, but the mechanics,  cinematics and music are all top notch. The story can be a little confusing at times, and certain parts aren't explained very well, particularly the involvement of some of the side characters, but it comes together quite well in the ending.Note that there is an issue with enemy info text not showing if you play at 1920x1080. You can fix this setting the game to run in 1280x720, but then use GeDoSaTo to run it at 1920x1080."
,Not Recommended,292120,12425913,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NooB,"Firstly, i wanna say (Don't buy this sh!!tty game..)u no what..see ... well there is nothing we can optimize haha no 1080p nor options.. wtf?Some1 told me that the games will be converted from ps4 to pc gonna be sh!tter due to keeping PS4 users up.. huh .. yeah,, I can agree with that! But this is way fu1cked up more than i was thinking.... it looks like as if it was released someday in 2004"
,Not Recommended,292120,12428203,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dreamcast Enthusiast,"My first ever negative review on Steam.Running on a GTX 970 with 12GB RAM and an AMD Phenom x4 955 Black edition @ 4GHz.Cutscenes run fine, but during gameplay and when in menus runs at around 10-15 FPS.Please patch this game or at least offer a refund (not likely) as it isn't playable."
,Not Recommended,292120,12455564,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Leon the Loner,"Don't pick this game up unless you are a big FF fan boy like some of us here. It's honestly a horrible port. Still plays as good as the 360/ps3 versions (if you have a modern card GTX 550 or equivalent you will occasionally drop below 30fps, but for maybe half of a second) so if you haven't played it and wanted to play it and don't have a PS3 you could get this.If you have a PS3 you might as well pick it up on there instead, used. It will be about as good.People have said the keybindings are bad, I don't think so. It's more down to what you prefer, but beyond that it's a really bad port and you shouldn't buy it unless you really really like final fantasy."
,Not Recommended,292120,12455973,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Left,"Whilst I love this game because of it's intriguing combat system and all the end-game content. The port is just garbage. The game has minimal mouse support, suffers from stuttering without a controller and has a hard coded 60fps frame limit which, if you have  v-synch on, will be constantly dipping below 60.As of release, not with the pickup unless square patch the game."
76561198051958534,Not Recommended,292120,12456540,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DahtAhsDough,This game is total garbage. Seriously. It is not worth the $13 bucks I paid. Read any review and you'll see what I mean. Oh and it's capped in 720 p. WHY!?
,Not Recommended,292120,12450455,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nawnee,"Update:With no word from Square Enix about a possibe patch, and no comments on the games performance, i can no longer recommend the purchase. I honestly thought these problems would be patched by now, however it is becoming clear that Square Enix TRULY doesn't care about the PC as a platform for gaming.  If they leave the game like this, don't buy it, just ""get it from somewhere else"" *wink, wink* it's what they deserve.---------------------------Additional Findings----------------------------------Updated:October 11th, 2014 @ 5:30 PMPlaytime:~5 hoursSo I am about 5 hours into the game at the time of writing this update. Throughout my additional 4 hours of playtime I have noticed a couple of things. The lag is not going away further in game so get used to it. I have noticed the lag to be Somewhat Consistent throughout each of the levels so far (and SOME of the battles have no lag at all). More visually impressive environments and levels seem to have little affect on the performance, the game just always seems to lag and stutter consistently (most likely due to how the ""texture and lighting"" Load Subsystems are put together, but that is just a guess).  Dont worry it really is playable in my opinion, I am a Gamer who considers framerate to be one of the most important factors to consider when playing a game, and bad framerates have kept me from enjoying many different games. Dead Rising 3, Assassins Creed 3, and GTA 4 (one of my all-time favorite games) are all examples of games whose experiences were negatively affected by poor performance. 5 hours into the game and I can say one thing for sure, this game DEFINITELY has poor performance. In my opinion this is the biggest (and really the only) serious problem this port has. So far at least.The Controls are tight (at least when using a gamepad) and the resolution really doesn't bother me. I downloaded Durante's fix to upscale the resolutions to 1080p bilinearly and I ended up scaling back down to 1280x720 with AA forced on. (in my opinion upscaling to 1080p made the game look great, but made the HUD extremely pixelated and ugly). The game honestly looks just as brilliant in 1280x720 as it does in 1080p (aside form the minor aliasing which can be fixed with Durante's update). The voiceover Audio quality is stellar, in both Japanese and English, and you can freely switch back and forth between japanese and english audio during your playthrough (no need to start a new game to change language settings, however language is changed out-of-game, so you will need to quit and restart if you want to hear the other voice-overs). The same could be said about the quality of the music. It's as amazing and beautiful as it ever was, and you already know that if your'e a fan of any FF game.I still haven't experienced any of the crashing or Glitching that others have claimed to experience, however i am only 5 hours or so into the game. I am still thouroughly enjoying my laggy, stuttery, Adventure through FFXIII. But here's to hoping that Square Enix is working on a Patch to improve performance, i suppose we will have to wait and see (fingers crossed). If you can muscle through some lag and can entertain yourself during the LONG download then i still recommend picking it up for its $15.99 asking price. I am still taking notes on what I am experiencing and will continue to update these impressions as I progress.------------------------FIRST MPRESSIONS--------------------------Keep in mind that Everything that Follows is my personal opinion:I personally feel that most of the Negative reviews on here are slightly exaggerated, I understand the dissapointment that the community is feeling,  but It really isnt all THAT bad. Yes It's true, this IS a terrible port, Square Enix should have done a MUCH better job. However If you're someone who loved FFXIII (like me) then it really shouldnt bother you too much. If you have always wanted to play FFXIII on your PC then this version is still worth the $15.99 asking price (in my opinion). keep in mind It DOES lag and stutter quite a bit but it's not TOO noticeable in battles. It mainly lags when you are running around the world and orientating the camera. The cutscenes look great (in my opinion) and dont stutter at all for the most part. Throughout the game you probably won't see TOO much aliasing except for when you are in-game, the cutscenes tend to look quite smooth comparitively. I have seen many people complain about the controls, but in my experience; if you use an Xbox One/Xbox 360 Controller and change the in-game button prompts to use ""gamepad prompts"" instead of ""Keyboard prompts"" in the Title screens' settings menu, then you really shouldn't have any noticeable trouble with the controls. Now onto the screen resolution problems. This game has NO resolution settings (the only option you get is to run the game in either windowed or fullscreen), however this doesn't matter too much if you happen to have a 16:9 display. I am playing on a 50"" LCD TV at 1776x1000 and I don't see hardly any problems (aside from the aforementioned minor aliasing in-game). However if you are a person whose display is a 16:10 ratio, i can't say for sure that you won't have problems with the games resolution (I have heard that a modder has made a fix for the resolution problems). I haven't experienced ANY of the crashing or glitches that have been described and i found that using a microsoft gamepad fixes the ""instantly quits when you hit escape"" problem.The real down-side to this port is the fact that nothing seems compressed, having to download 49.4 GBs of data for a game that came out on the XBOX 360 and PS3 is kind of ridiculous. ESPECIALLY when you realize that there are no higher resolution textures then there were in the original game (which WOULD make up for the size of the game if they WERE there, which they are NOT).  I believe most of the extra space is due to the fact that languages for the games audio and text are not region locked to what country you downloaded it in. What do i mean by this? Well, Everybody who downloads the game has to download Both Japanese and English audio files as well as different languages for all the text in the game: German, Italian, Spanish, and French ON TOP of having english and Japanese. Being able to decide on either Japanese or English audio is actually a really welcomed addition, however the amount of data that decision ended up adding to the game kind of ruined its practicality.Now you might have read this review and concluded that this game is not worth buying, and in many ways that is probably true; however, if you have got some free time for a long download and plenty of space on your hard drive, Then I sincerely do recommend this game for the $15.99 asking price, It's still beautiful and it's still FFXIII on my PC. Which i never thought would happen. I am only an hour or so into the game and these are only my first impressions, i will continue to update this review If more problems appear down the road.System Specs:-8gb Kingston Hyper X fury ram-AMD FX 6300 CPU ~3.8 Ghz w/stock heatsink-MSI R9 270 Gaming OC at 1050 Mhz-Corsair Cx-750 Watt PSU-WD blue 1TB HD-MSI 970A-G46 Motherboard"
,Recommended,292120,12584581,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,V.4.7,"As a game, i'm proud to recommend this to you fellow FF fans.As a port, i urge you to avoid this and play on console instead."
,Not Recommended,292120,12427740,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DatDudeCorks,"As of this time I can not recommend this game at all in its current state. It was an awful port.YEA!-finally modern day Final Fantasy on PC, giving hope for more of the later year ones to arriveMEH!-While I played this on 360 originally, its was a good game but was the weakest in the series I played.BLEH!1) Maxes out at a 720p unchangeable resolution-While I was able to workaround the awful 720p graphics by  force pushing supersampling at x16 it is not a permant solution as it still does not look right. There is a fan made patch incoming that should fix this.2) Huge download size that forces both english and Japanese spoken languages upon you-Japanese audio and videos should be selectable as DLC to keep down on the size3) Inconsistent framerate performance constant drops into the 20s-Turning off Windows Aero seemed to help keep the framerate more consistentThe Lowdown-A crap port that Square should be ashamed for releasing, this shows that once again Japanese developers do not care/know how to handle PC games.Verdict: Skip til the fan patches fix the game or square gets its act together***Once this happens I will give an updated review***"
,Not Recommended,292120,12432363,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,cowwy,"I'm genuinely curious at this point if Square Enix is just completely incompetent at porting games to PC, doesn't care, or just flat out hates PC gamers.It absolutely boggles the mind how they can release such an atrocious port of a console game and not give even the most BASIC options. First of all the game is locked at 720p, there's no graphics options at all, the visual quality is noticeably worse than the xbox or PS3 versions, and there's no volume setting at all. That is absolutely ridiculous, this is now at least the second time a volume setting has been completely omitted from a SE port, and it's completely inexcusable.At first when I was playing I noticed some poor performance with FPS drops being regular occurences, and chalked it up to myself not having the best hardware, but apparently (and while some of it may still be my PC) a lot of other users are experiencing FPS drops on excellent rigs as well, so SE screwed the pooch on optimization as well.As far as I'm aware half the keybindings as well aren't changeable, with the most annoyingly omnipresent one being the escape key. Press it once, no matter where you are or what you're doing in game will immediately close the game without giving a popup confirmation. How this button stayed as it is without anyone saying anything during the porting process confuses and saddens me.All these technical issues alone are enough to make me recommend everyone to stay away from this game, and that's not even going in to any of the ""gameplay"". I played this game for about 45ish hours on xbox before giving up and leaving the game unfinished, which is why I bought it on PC, to finally finish the game. However the litany of technical issues might make me give up long before I can finish the game.On to the ""gameplay""; the game is a long series of hallways for about 20-30 hours, at which point you get a tiny bit of freedom to run around a somewhat open world and do a series of missions where you go to a certain place and kill a certain enemy. The combat system is very lackluster, giving the impression of gameplay for any onlookers without actually having any gameplay really save changing paradigms mid fight, the rest of your time is spent mashing the space bar to do auto battle as quickly as possible. You only ever have to control one character, the other one or two in your party will control themselves based upon which paradigm they're in. The gameplay is extremely tedious, you don't even get the ability to switch paradigms until about 2 hours in, and you feel like you're in a tutorial for about 15-20 hours of the game, which is slow pacing at best, and maddeningly infuriating at worst.The story is a typical Final Fantasy affair, our main characters are all citizens of Cocoon when they are slated to be killed by the Purge, a massacre of civilians under the guise of exile, just due to the fact that they were near contact with a fal'Cie. Very little is explained about anything in this particular universe really, what exactly a fal'Cie is or does never really gets explained, and there are tons of glaring plotholes littered throughout the story that are just completely glossed over, which is to be expected from a Final Fantasy game but this one in particular really hits the ground running with the confusion it gives and never really stops.TL;DRDon't buy the game on PC. I would recommend not buying it at all but if you want to play it I would highly recommend playing it on Xbox 360 or PS3. Both give much better graphics quality and better stability."
,Recommended,292120,13971715,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,JS,"This game is so awesome it allows you to take a break from the super awesome story to go and experience lots of side missions (chapter 11/13... hurray, no more corridors!):1. kill stuff in a total of 64 missions*2.*while running back and forth in a super large area connected to other areas with mission stones placed in the most annoying of places. The game even allows you to continue after you beat the final boss in case you want to continue grinding achievements and complete all the missions. WOWZERS!With that said:(imo)combat is good (I still prefer the older systems)music is goodthe japanese VA is much much better than the english VAVery weak game compared to earlier gen ff titles, -but- it deserves at least one playthrough.5.5/10"
76561198074422396,Not Recommended,292120,12510143,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Yang Xiao Long,"I'm a loyal Final Fantasy fan and this is my thought about FFXIII.I played FFIII,V,VI,VII,VIII,IX(Best),X(LOVE),X-2,XII and by far FFXIII is the worst one.I'm not going deep on details tho.I don't like the idea about having one eidolon per character, I would love to have various eidolons to used as I see fit on the fight.The combat system is a real-time combat with the auto-battle system which is unqiue, but also bring the boredom to the game. ""Start battle ....auto...auto...2 minutes later..auto..win! 4 stars.""I like the old idea about bought,finding,crafting,etc. a new weapons instead of upgrading weapons which the only gave us like 5-6 ? kinds of weapon per character.There is no Gil ( money ) drop from the enemy, you have to sell ""Chips"" and they only drop from specific type of enemy.... seriously ?Storyline....I have no idea after spending 30 hrs+and the name Fal'Cie , Cie'th , l'cie , Pulse l'Cie , Sanctum l'Cie , Orience l'Cie. Who came up with this name!?I would like to love the idea about bring in a new system to Final Fantasy franchise.But i hate to say that Final Fantasy XIII is a disgrace when compare to the others in the series."
76561198011232886,Not Recommended,292120,12481150,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TheNameless,It's broken there is nothing left to say . Don't buy it!!
,Recommended,292120,27979216,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Matthijs D.,"For €13, this is easily worth your money. Yes, the game is linear as can be, especially the first 25 hours and yes, the difficulty spikes are plain silly. However, the story is amazing and the world is a sight to behold. It's looking fantastic in 1080p and bar some areas the 60fps holds up easily (i5 / gtx 1070)."
76561197975645883,Not Recommended,292120,12440104,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,mandeep666,"shockingly bad port, no options to change resolution or any of the graphics settings, what an absolute waste of money. Then again this is another japanese company who as no clue about pc gaming."
,Not Recommended,292120,12441306,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Muaz,"Cinematic and game stutters, no option to change graphics, locked onto 720p unless you use a mod but that still does not remove the stutter however."
76561198056143951,Not Recommended,292120,12445239,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Diaggos,"The god damn game won't open!!! downloaded the full 50gb, I hit ""play"".. and then poof.. ♥♥♥♥ all happens!second time ive downloaded this now... arrrrgggghhh"
,Not Recommended,292120,12439794,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[DA] Atomsku,"NOTE: I was one of the lucky few that was able torun this game with no game breaking problems. Howeverthis is still a poor port and though I am currently playing it.this port is not acceptable in any way.A game released 4 years ago, being re-released in 2014without enhancements like 1080p resolutions and stable frame rate,is bad enough on its own. However nothing we have not seen before.But when a game such as this from a big namegaming company in the industry, releases a product without even thebasic of the basic's in terms of PC configuration settings, is just a disgrace.The incompitence shown here in the release of this product out weighsanything good that can be said about the game in question. This is unacceptable,and in more extreme cases a clear window of the inner workings of this company.Fans and programmers alike are currently fixing this game and perhaps in timea more stable release may be available, due to these kind of people. However,I can not recommend this game to even the most loyal of final fantasy fans.Stray away, till at least the community fixes the company's incompitence orthe developers in question fix it them selves. You will be glad you did."
,Not Recommended,292120,12442219,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,nakami,great game - rather lazy port.to make it awesome it needs further pc optimisations and settings.current state:meh-ish 720p and a promised 60fps rate which stutters around 15-60fps
76561198105031866,Not Recommended,292120,12434681,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lucas Caelum™,Quite disappointed by the graphics and the Danger ESC button.
76561197979793481,Not Recommended,292120,12441775,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SexyFelineMachine,"---UPDATED-- 17DEC14[REDACTED] Is as if the developers had very little understanding of how computer games are meant to be designed. Very limited options (no resolution options or key bindngs), controller support is splotchy at best (my xbox controller for windows doesn't work at all in game and apparently can't rebind buttons), the ESC key closes the game (no warning, just straight to desktop). Seems if I want to play this I must do it on my PS3 else risk tossing my keyboard through my monitor like a ninja star. And to people who think these issues are petty, go fly a kite. PC games have standards (mostly) and proper I/O (input/output) of devices is essential. [/redacted]Square has fixed most of what was wrong above. Escape, even in full screen mode now has a prompt rather than a seizure to desktop, my controller now works properly, and there is even a choice in display resolution with other glittery options. The game is actually quite lovely. The comment below about he boring gameplay is still accurate, however credit is deserved for Square actually listening and fixing their game.The story was very unappealing to me. Lightning was a very bland character with the personality of an ATM, Sachz is annoying with very poorly executed physical comedy, and the rest of the characters fall into the same as Lightning or is the standard spunky go get 'em character common in many anime stories or annoying white knight nuisances.  I don't really remember any of them fondly or at all and I just played the game, yet I can recall Jade Empire support characters and even Final Fantasy 3/6 sub characters without issue. These digi people are just that boring. I should add that I've played this game entirely on PS3."
76561198084304830,Not Recommended,292120,12434243,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lemon.Sundae,"Even when the game has no video options and only 720p, I've played the games for 4 hours and watch evey cutscences and i must say there're alot of mistake in the translation progress. Some subtitles have completely different meaning from what the character say. Like before Snow kiss Sarh when they watch fireworks, the right meaning of Snow's words is: ""Let's watch the fireworks together next year."" not some ""all for us..."". Final Fantasy 13 focus on story and cut scence so right translate is very important. Fail translation make the scence fail too. And this PC version have less cut scences than on other platform. Sorry for my bad English."
76561198073310781,Not Recommended,292120,12440753,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Infinite Duress,"This is probably one of the worst ports ever. I love FF and have played almost every single one so this is not coming from someone who hates the series. I can run BF4, Titanfall, Crysis 3 and all the other graphic intensive games at 60 fps no problem. But apparently my computer struggles to play this game at 30. I have a GPU monitor and its using on average about 3%..... its also capped at 720p which is rediculous. And now I went to fire it up and everything is played at about 50% speed and the loading screens take about 10 minutes to get through. If this was any other game I would demand a refund because this is just plain awful. Wouldnt recommend or ever purchase if I had the choice again"
76561197996100151,Not Recommended,292120,12427395,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Onyx SPARQLES,"720p poorly executed port, bought this assuming SE knew what they were doing due to previously good ports however this has lead me to regret the purchase. Especially when combined with some stuttering issues and no rebinds leading to esc instantly exited the game with no warning.The game itself is good, i have it on the X360 and thoroughly enjoyed it, however as a pc release this has got to be one of the worst ports i've ever seen. Would not recommend buying untill they fix the issues."
,Not Recommended,292120,21879812,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Akka,Who the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hell thought it was a good idea to slam you with a game over if only ONE of your party members die?Remember all the times you had to stop in FF VII because Cloud got killed? No you don't becuase that doesn't happen since it's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.I have had to refight a dozen boss fights just because they happen to target a single character when they're down into single digit hp range.What were you ♥♥♥♥ing thinking.
76561198058719734,Not Recommended,292120,12432263,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sippi,"No HD resolution, and even with the tool, no HD UI. Cinmatics stuttering and freezing.All inventory items are invisible.....This is simply an unplayable version."
,Not Recommended,292120,12432394,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BADA.SB,"My PC specs is better than the recommended specs. However, it's still lagging... Please fix this error as soon as possible"
76561198130615311,Not Recommended,292120,12431108,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,God of Fire,Good gameBad portGet the PS3 version for Lightning's sake
,Not Recommended,292120,12432381,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Marius Sangue,"This, ladies and gentlemen, is what we call a bad port. An extremely lazy job by SE. Where are the customisation settings? Where is the Exit/Quit button on the main screen? Why is the screen ratio stretched as opposed to native 16:9 or 16:10?Really glad it was only around 10 bucks. If you're a fan of FF and only have a access to a PC right now, get it. For anyone else, stay away."
,Not Recommended,292120,12447696,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lux Noctis,"It's amazing, but no option design to configure such as graphics, video quality, and audio. Then I found many scenes/ battle mode while playing is quite lagged. Low frame rate when more objects appear on a screen, and the most annoying is when you're in the middle of battle and you accidentally press the ESC button ."
,Not Recommended,292120,12430831,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,alistair,"The only complain that i have is the resolution, 720 is not enough. I only recommend this to people who really love Final Fantasy Series."
,Not Recommended,292120,12475920,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,DarkMellie,"Currently unable to run in a straight line without angling the camera backwards, zero graphic options and worst of all, no resolution settings (a problem fixed by someone with the tinest amount of effort).My first negative review, used on a game that I was so eager to play on PC after many happy hours with it on the 360.Do not buy."
76561198066880774,Not Recommended,292120,12430577,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,XWLovecraft,"The only good thing about this game is press""esc"" to exit"
,Recommended,292120,13808101,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,A Safe Place,"Just finished the game few minutes ago with all achievements and my first though is a good game but not exceptionnal like usual Final Fantasy. The gameplay is a little bit to casual, just controlling one character with auto-select attack/spell/etc is a bit surprising and the moment when you have to choose it manually for change really the issue of a battle is too rare.Second, the first half of the game is a ""one-way"", linear game, this point could be great if the story was as much as great than the previous FF, I think it s one or two degrees down compare to pieces of art like FFVI/VII/VIII/X.Third, some characters i could never apreciate because they are too cliche for me. I don't feel that in usual FF; i think mainly to Hope and Vanille. Fortunately, Lightning and Fang are badass as hell.Many points were excellent, when you reach Gran Pulse, it s the moment the game take is full potential, little ""open-wolrd"" and many additionnal quests and contents to do that looks like more than a traditional FF. I am satisfied by the final climax I really want to play the next episodes. The few I played in XIII-2 looks more mature and appreciable."
,Not Recommended,292120,14126633,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"Here is the problem with this game: it is not nearly the ♥♥♥♥♥how you may have heard, but it is still busted on every damn level, and there is no reason to play it when its sequels improve on its flaws massively. That's it. That's the short review: skip to XIII-2 and never look back, the story doesn't mean a damn. If you absolutely, positively must catch up prior to XIII-2, watch the video Square released prior to Lightning Returns that summed up the entire plot to date in a 16-bit style in about 6 minutes. It's more coherent than this entire game.Alright, let's just break this down some, because that deserves explanation.The battle engine is DECENT, but you're going to be stuck with a highly-gimped version of the combat system for HALF THE GAME. I mean, I know the early chapters are shorter than the later ones? But you don't unlock ""everyone has all their job roles"" (and no, this isn't FFV-style jobs, it's ""you fit into this style of skill when in that class"", no variance, no ability carryover, only stat gains) until CHAPTER TEN OF THIRTEEN. Even with my lopsided playtime, that's still over a third through the game before you can finally use all of its functions.The port's got issues. I just upgraded this machine under half a year ago from scratch, a solid setup, and even then there's still weird frame chugging. God willing they'll patch that up some when Lightning Returns drops (there was an engine update on XIII-2's release that was... questionably helpful), but expect hitching. More than a few areas still look gorgeous, though, props there.Yes, it is about as linear as you've heard. There is basically a single chunk of game where you aren't on one-way-briefly-branching paths, and that one is just a huge open field, which is a middle-finger in that there's kiiiiiind of fast-travel, but you have to complete a sidequest to open each point. And go to one of them to warp to the others. And you can only hold one sidequest at once. So it's miserable to get around is what I'm saying. I guess there's post-game stuff to do there too, but heck if I really want to do more of this for completion's sake now that I'm done when I have XIII-2 in my library to actually enjoy.Finally, there's the story. This story is hot trash. The finale is unquestionably one of the dumbest things I've ever seen in JRPGs, and I want you to really,reallyponder what that implies. It's not even funny dumb, either, because I'd be marking this as a positive if so. It's ""none of this makes any sense and it's all random BS at this point"". The tale goes that this game's development was such a trainwreck that all the cutscenes were done far before the game, meaning that rather than scrap those scenes, they had to write around already-animated footage? I can believe it. Characters ""die"" only to reappear an hour later nonsensically, people flip personalities on a dime all the way to endgame, and I still can't quite understand what the relationship between a few characters was because it's ENTIRELY ALIEN AND UNIQUE TO EVERYTHING ELSE IN THE GAME.I am literally telling you to skip this and play its sequels if you want anything to do with this story, and you will be better off for it. 100% sincere here. The soundtrack is decent (and I mean DECENT, not amazing or anything), and that's about the best praise I can give this that doesn't have the qualifier ""...but the sequels did it better so you don't need to stick your hand into the rough edges of this title""."
,Recommended,292120,23335675,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Gregoerbrudy,This game really is great but it can be slow for the first 10 hours. It really opens up and man it pulls you in after that. Honestly a great story with amazing characters. This game will pull you into the trilogy!
76561198026446764,Not Recommended,292120,32647009,Posted: 22 June,all,dgone,"This port is really, really bad. looks like it's laggy and bad framerate no matter how much of a powerhouse your pc is. If you want to play this game i really prefer one of the console-ports.The game itself, sometimes it'f fun, sometimes it just feel like too grindy when all you do is run through the hallways and kill enemies over and over. The story is what really makes this game imo. The sequels are so much better gameplay-wise.To be clear, i would recomend you try this game if you haven't yet, just not this pc-port."
,Not Recommended,292120,19608823,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,cookieflips,"FFXIII attempts to deliver a beautiful world, striking attempt at the western style of story telling. Only to be delivered by cringe-worthy dialogue,  and sub-par level design. Beautiful but inefficient."
,Recommended,292120,12580817,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DIGITAL SPORTS,"I enjoyed this game, however I can't exactly say it was good. It has every element that makes up a good story driven RPG. The characters, on paper, are compelling. The story, on paper, is interesting. The character development, on paper, is interesting and the combat is really fun. The game is gorgeous and the world, on paper, is interesting.The problem is that nearly every element of the game is mishandled from minute one.The characters are held back by atrocious dialog and awful voice direction (Although for the most part the voice acting is good).The story is held back by awful pacing and a habit of extreme repetition as if the game doesn't trust you to understand it (and keep this idea in mind, the game not trusting its players - I'll get back to that in a bit).The character development harkens back to the excellent systems of Final Fantasy 10, then manages to mishandle them in every possible way. It recreates the sphere grid, but with multiple classes per character; however each class is essentially one path with little branching and additional classes aren't unlocked later in the game; this turns the system into effectively grinding for miniscule stat increases between new ability unlocks. Item upgrades are very similar; grinding monster parts or gil to throw xp at them for miniscule stat gains. Again, the game fails to trust the player to make any in-depth decisions with their characters.Combat, on the other hand, is very interesting and fun. Battles play in typical Final Fantasy fashion of pseudo-turn based with menus, however everything is much faster and the ability to switch classes on the fly (in the middle of a turn even!) makes for some fast paced and entertaining battles.Again, though, there are problems. Final Fantasy 13 seems afraid to give you too many options early: not letting you even customize your party until nearly 15 hours in and limiting you to 2 characters at a time for much of the game, making early battles both less interesting visually and from a tactical standpoint. Not being able to switch character control in combat (your party lead is directly controlled, other members AI controlled) is also a problem, but less of one than it sounds - the AI does a good enough job of picking the right actions (based on your knowledge of the enemy to boot). Combat also becomes very repetative against some of the simpler enemies.But now, for the gorilla in the room: This game is linear. It's linear as ♥♥♥♥. The phrase ""corridor simulator"" comes to mind. Square Enix creates a very interesting and potentially detailed setting, then renders you completely unable to actually explore or interact with it. Even when the game world opens up, you're still very limited in what you can actually do. Almost as if SE couldn't trust the player to figure out what to do if the game was more open.And therein lies the game's largest fault; it doesn't trust the player to be able to do anything on their own. SE doesn't trust you to figure out the story, find your way in the world, figure out the battle system, or develop your characters without leading you on the nose for hours and hours.In spite of all of this, I enjoyed the game. Combat is really, legitimately fun 90% of the time; despite all the flak the characters get from fans I enjoyed most of them (I stand by most of the criticism with the characters boiling down to awful dialog and direction); and the story is legitimately interesting until the later chapters (there's a bit of a deus ex machina at the end). I still recognize its faults though; there's bad game design right left and center here.Some words on the PC port: it ran great, framerate wise. Controlled fine with M+KB and controller. The resolution locking is incredibly stupid but you can at least toss a hack on to set it to whatever you want. The escape key quitting the game is so hilariously stupid I can't even get mad about it; it's just funny. Had some minor FPS drops entering new areas and a crash here and there, but nothing major.The pricetag is right on this one. At $16 you could do a lot worse provided you can look past this game's faults. Throwing a recommend here; with the caveat that if you can't see past the game's flaws you should just avoid it."
76561198102440140,Not Recommended,292120,17587164,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Foxidel,"Probably would have been a fun game if it actually worked. I tried over clocking, using GeDoSaTo, lowering the settings, you name it. In the end I managed 50 FPS and yet it still staggered every 2 seconds. and i only got that FPS becuase i used windowed mode. Don't buy its honestly a waste of money for the pc port.I-5 Intel CPUAMD sapphire radeon r9 270x8GB DDR3 ram"
76561197982450789,Not Recommended,292120,12425653,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,wr*****,"No option to use a current monitor at it's native resolution, just a choice of windowed or fullscreen at about 720pUntil this is patched I would not bother"
76561198015406044,Not Recommended,292120,12487411,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sc0rch,"Because i have been a hardcore fan of the series since the early 90s, it pains me to say that this game is another nail in the franchise's coffin. Sure, the game is looking good and the music is really good but other than that, it is an insult to one of the best series of my childhood.The World is too linear and generic compared to the past games with the majority of the game having you swept by the story along a fixed path while taking away all the options for exploration. The battle system is a joke, letting you go through 90% of the game by simply pressing ""auto-battle"" and occasionaly switching to a different paradigm when the situation calls for it. You have no control over your team mates other than making them change their roles in a battle.In short the game looks awesome but is in fact crap."
,Recommended,292120,12836027,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Alone + Easy Target,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-BmKFgJJog
,Recommended,292120,21094968,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,chairbender,"Let me start this off with a warning for anyone who decides to play this game - use the Japanese dialog. The English VA will probably really hurt your experience with this game. Something about it just kind of ruins your ability to develop any sort of involvement with the characters.Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by this game. It has several innovations that solved things I don't like about lots of JRPGs.One of my favorite features was being able to retry when you lose a battle and being sent to a few seconds before you encountered the enemy, leaving you with the ability to walk away and go do something else or just try again. I've had too many frustrating moments in other JRPGs when I lost a battle only to be sent back to one of the too-sparse save points or losing progress because I hadn't been obsessively saving every few minutes.I also enjoyed the battle system. In addition to being real time, which adds to the excitement of the battles for me, the paradigm system has some things I liked about it over other JRPG battle systems. Instead of having to pick every command for every character for every battle, you can instruct your characters what to do (heal, build stagger meter, do damage, tank, buff, or debuff) and leave it to them to handle the details. Then the gameplay loop in the battles becomes analyzing the situation and switching paradigms to suit it.I also liked the absence of random battles. Just being able to see the enemies you might bump into makes things a lot less frustrating and annoying compared to walking along and suddenly having everything freeze and being thrust into a battle.I liked the story and overall flow of gameplay from the start until about 40 hours in. Then it really started to go downhill for me. It just felt like it was dragging on. Maybe if it was the only game I had to play I would be fine with it, but I found myself wishing it would just be over. It just started to feel like corridor after corridor with little interesting plot development. I've heard people complain that the entirety of the game is just corridors with cutscenes between them, but I honestly enjoyed the earlier parts of the game. Stuff happens, you are still getting the hang of the battle system, you're looking forward to what's going to happen next, and the pace seems fine. After 40 hours I started to just get bored of the whole thing - it didn't ""change it up"" enough to retain my interest, and the battle system just wasn't enough to keep me entertained.As someone who isn't a big fan of JRPGs, I weakly reccomend this. I had a lot of fun with it at first but it started to feel like a chore or job towards the end. To be fair, I start to feel this way with most JRPGs. There's something about a lot of JRPGs, particularly their battle systems, that just makes them start to lose their fun after awhile for me, especially compared to more fast paced and action oriented games. I think it's mainly due to the fast-paced feedback loop those games usually have when compared to JRPGs.And if you do play it, as stated earlier, I recommend choosing Japanese voice acting. Not because it's always better to play games in the language they were written in, but because it means you won't have to listen to the annoying English VA. I suspect that some people who said they hated the characters or found some of them to be annoying or didn't like the story might've felt that way because of the English VA and would've liked those things a bit more had they switched."
,Not Recommended,292120,17686377,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sky Render,"Final Fantasy XIII is an abomination pretending to be an awful lot of things, and failing to be any of them quite badly.  It pretends its a role-playing game, yet has no aspects of role-playing in it (and barely any aspects of gaming in it, for that matter).  Even by the more loose definition of a JRPG, it's not a JRPG.  You don't gain levels, you add points to a perfectly-linear path ala FFX's Sphere Grid, only with even fewer actual choices.  It just turns ""leveling"" into a chore you take care of every few minutes by holding down a button and watching numbers go up.  The combat does everything it can to take the player out of the equation, while also punishing the player for trying to play the game at all by sabotaging any sort of attempt at taking control with split-second irredeemable reversals of fortune.  FF13 also pretends it has a story, but it does not; there is no consistency in its plot, and new elements introduced regularly contradict those that have already been established.  FF13 pretends to have progression, but all it has is endless hallways for you to walk down in a singular direction forevermore.I've heard tell that FF13 ""gets better"" around the 20- to 30-hour mark.  I would argue that you could spend those 20 to 30 hours playing much better games instead.  I certainly decided to do as much after wasting 16 hours in the vain hope of reaching this promised ""better"" game.  I want my 16 hours back, and I advise you to find better uses for your time than FF13 as well."
,Not Recommended,292120,12437699,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"DOES SQUARE HAVE THE COURAGE TO FACE ITS CUSTOMERS?[Edit: I just can't recommend this game in its current state.]If you were expecting this to be the definitive version of FFXIII, be prepared to be let down. What we've got here, at launch, is a title that is locked to 720p at 16:9 ratio with screen tearing and frame rate issues for a large portion of customers. This is a port of the 360 XBox edition, which used a poor quality video encoder, resulting in the lowest quality cutscenes of any version available.Sure it's cheap, but that is no excuse to not offer even the basics. Those who hoped to play this game on their PC will be disappointed. That said, quite a few have said it runs just fine, in spite of 30fps battle limits and 60fps otherwise.If SE takes the community seriously we need to see some real improvements by way of patches. Some have been promised, but overall we're not happy yet ... we'll see what they choose to do. Consequently, spend your money on something else that is properly supported by its developers."
76561198020264550,Recommended,292120,28772522,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lori.brooks.2006,This is well worth picking up at the current price. I beat the game back in the day on the PS3 and am really enjoying it at an awesome high resolution second time around.
76561198001184948,Recommended,292120,29894749,Posted: 13 February,all,zeonox,"So back when I tried this game on PS3 I gave up after 7.5 hours. On Steam I'm 24 hours deep at the time of writing this and I'm loving it! I think a huge part of that, for me, is the Japanese audio. I actually like the characters this time around! It's still a giant tunnel for over 20 hours, but I find the story compelling enough that I don't care about the lack of options until halfway through the game.The game functions well with a controller, but I think you need KB&M to actually exit the game. I'm using a Steam Controller so I have the ESC and mouse clicks set to Mode Shift. I'm sure there are other solutions too, so just FYI."
,Recommended,292120,31856551,Posted: 20 May,all,Scorpio1401,"This game is said to be a ""hallway simulator"" and it had gotten a lot of negative criticism for that alone. FF X is JUST as much of a ""hallway simulator"" as this is and that is one of my favorite games. The main deal with this is the game ""opens up"" at the end but you don't have a wide variety of things to do like other FFs have had in the past. You do hunts in a specified order and it's a lot of wandering around. I don't nearly mind it as much as other people and other people say it's their favorite game in the series. I like it, I have re-played it a few times (mostly when it was on Xbox 360 and replaying it one full playthrough on Steam is proving difficult thanks to other newer game releases). It is a pretty good story though!"
,Recommended,292120,33143256,Posted: 2 July,all,エクスカリバ,Nice GamePretty good for FF series :>
,Recommended,292120,32838626,Posted: 26 June,all,ruaska,"This game is bit boring. but worth to play it for FF FAN,"
,Recommended,292120,20958572,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[H.o.D.] Rocreta,"If you're not sure about buying this game and you're tired of reading comments such as ""corridor simulator"", I will try to help you out.I recommend this game, even when I wasn't much into it at first. Anyways, it manages to catch you somehow, somewhen. The story is pretty good (in my opinion), as usual in this series. Kind of dystopian. The characters are also great, even if the conversations can be sometimes a bit awkward. But if you're used to watching japanese series you won't be bothered by that at all.About the fighting system, I was reticent but it's got its own style and it innovates. It's much more tactical, of course you can just press A and die of boredom but you can make battles much more interesting. It's up to you. Also, there are some cool challenges in this game, specially that stupid giant green thing (you will know what I'm talking about when time comes).I've played some other FF games and I think this is not the worst, as some other say. It has a lot of good new things and if you're willing to try something new, go ahead. If you keep thinking that old is always better, don't even try and go play FFVII one more time."
,Recommended,292120,19125405,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Jeebieweeebies,"2 best things about this game are the visuals, and the combat system. The story is pretty good too but u gotta read into it to really understand it. Its kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port but i still had fun"
76561198052279001,Not Recommended,292120,12476591,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,mortanius1992 ITALY,"persistent lag,no graphics options"
76561198183866298,Recommended,292120,30918735,Posted: 3 April,all,Oldskool,"The story is a bit weird and complicated, and the plot well.. the plot too.It's quite a depressing storyline and frankly, the uppity-haha-lighter moments that every FF has, are hard to find. Some cringeworthy characters are tossed in the mix, special shoutout to mr. Estheim. I don't want to spoil anything, but this kid has some serious issues, and the others let him get away with it bigtime. Really, his issues are solved for all the wrong reasons. Because of this, whenever I could, he wasn't selected for my battle party.. I am pointing out that Hope Estheim (among others) is a believable annoying character. One you would like to have a seat and talk to, and he starts screaming in your face and it's all your fault and you have to calm him but you can't and the only thing that calms him is to play along with the lie he's been telling himself (BAD MOVE SNOW! Now he thinks he's right, you a-hole). Phew.As for the game(play), it's a Final Fantasy alright! I've played FF5 and up, and it belongs amongst the FF series. The game is for most of the story fixed on a path (as in, no free roam), which deviates from most previous FF's, although in all fairness you couldn't just go freeroaming in most other FF's. The gameplay unlocks very slow, I believe it was chapter 11 of 13 total, where you get to pick your own battle team and set up your preferences. It was chapter 11 that made me realize I actually was playing a Final Fantasy game, broad maps, lots and lots of side dishes, and monsters that snuff you out in seconds. Chocobo's finally make an entrance, and you get an introduction to one of the cooler features: Missions. To be able to wield the best equipment and beat the biggest monsters there is a lot (let me emphasize: A LOT) of grinding involved, which I like. This is on par with other FF's, the endboss of the game is laughable compared to some optional quests (missions) bosses. Next to powering yourself up (crystarium level up system, meh), you get an Eidolon per character. I barely used them at all, they change into vehicles once dismissed and that was something I found stupid (they have legs, some can fly for gods sake, no need for a vehicle). I really miss Ifrit too, although he probably is happy Square didn't turn him in a motorboat or bicycle or trike or whatever.The meat of the game is the grinding part for all equipment (Treasure Hunter trophy isn't for the lazy to obtain, and this is how it should be, some easy trophies and some you have to work for) and the missions. The missions (64 in total) are ranged from easypeasy to how the hell am I going to beat this guy, and the difficulty exceeds the endboss' by far. Which is good, you only unlock the complete power up grid AFTER beating the game and you choose to 'git gud' and go for the mini-bosses and trophies, or choose to be satisfied and quit playing. If you choose to quit, you're missing out on some of the finer battles of the game, as well as the bigger hits and stronger teams (999.999 damage is fun to dish out).So, it's slowwww going, annoying characters (yea every FF has those), weird plot, kind of a serious approach (I actually wouldn't let young kids near this game because of the heavy themes without lighter moments), for endgame there's a good deal of grinding and farming involved and reoccuring FF characters are missing (Wedge, Biggs, Ifrit, etc). Still, I like and I don't know why :)."
76561198052842428,Recommended,292120,34852834,Posted: 9 September,all,Corey Greyfox,"Story doesn't really make you care about of any of the character.Combat is painfully easy for the first 9-10 chapters.  You can Auto-combat your way through most of it,Compared to other Final Fantasy games I'd call this one a fail.But in the grand scheme of things still an okay game.   Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,292120,25082436,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,King Milkshake,"I have a fairly beefy PC, so my experience may be different than many who complain about the port.  I do get occasional drops in FPS, but it's only momentarily.  This port is completely playable - don't let the negative reviews complaining about performance disuade you.  Game is very entertaining and reminds me of the old FF games I used to play.  Entertaining story so far, I just, unfortunately, hate the voicework for Vanille."
,Not Recommended,292120,12435235,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Schwagl0rd,"One of the worst pc ports I've ever played. Game itself was a disappointment series. I shall quote something from a Jon Tron video. ""The game is playing itself"" the most linear♥♥♥♥♥♥full of cringe you will ever experience.The only good thing i can comment on is that the graphics are 7/10.Game itself, on pc 2/10.The PC port also took like 4 years to be released."
76561198130777599,Not Recommended,292120,12435691,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,razeull,-_______-    720p . For real?  Finalfantasy at 720p  how sad. This is my play game day and I want 1080p now.
,Recommended,292120,32877005,Posted: 27 June,all,Nine,I like this game.
76561198036681111,Not Recommended,292120,12435300,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Coolin_13,"1280 x 720 fixed resolution, no audio settings, no video settings. A carbon copy of the xbox 360 game, recompiled to play on a PC.It's worth the 15 dollars I spent on it, but if I'd known it would be such a bad port I would not have bought it. I also won't buy any more Square Enix ports until I see their reviews.It's fun, but disappointing in the grand scheme. Do not recommend in its current state."
,Not Recommended,292120,12452345,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bilibala,"Okay. This is DISAPPOINTING. First off, this is totally a LAME port over to PC with unfriendly settings down to the very crucial aspect of all: Graphic options. Just when you thought you have a fancy graphics card to show off and tweak about the settings for it, you can't actually find in anywhere of the game for setting up any freaking 3D performance option.Worst still, i am using an older graphic card with smaller monitor resolution of 1440x900 (AMD RADEON HD6670), the game appear horrendously surrounded with BIG black borders (in FULL mode). Thus, making the viewable window 50% smaller. Though you are getting niffty graphics as such, but what's the point of showing it in a smaller viewable area with HUGE black border around it? And the fact is, you CAN'T change the bloody resolution to fix this! How cruel is that?Well, putting that aside, there's another BIG problem: Pressing ESC quits the game. Period. Yea. not even a single notification asking you whether is it a confirmed exit? At a point when i was happily into the game and I accidentally pressed ESC thinking that i was jumping out of the menu selection, it totally quited the game for god sake! There goes my game progress! Good job Square Enix for ruining my Final Fantasy moment in PC. This is supposed to be a PC friendly game (that's the point of having a FF in PC rite?) and not just a lame copy-paste port over rite? How could such a big fault in user experience be 'thoughfully' implemented?Apart from that, an even most annoying problem is that, you can't change the voiceover of the game. Yes. It's stuck with Japanese. And the point is, if you didnt turn ON the subtitle, you can't even understand a bit of what they are saying!  Couldn't you make our life easier just by doing great ENGLISH voiceover like what you did with other Final Fantasy port over?!Well, it's a BIG letdown and I can't even start my game with such horrendous first impression. Totally SPOILT my appetite to continue.  To Square Enix, please get it right before you rush it out to the market, it will definitely turn ppl away. I am one of them. And thank you for spoiling my Final Fantasy experience with this!"
,Not Recommended,292120,12448797,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dan.,"Lazy port, weird stutterings despite not consuming any resources. 720p resolution. Pretty sad overall."
76561198042397085,Recommended,292120,24363195,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Absølute Zerø,Final Fantasy Is An Absolute Hit:+ Gorgeous Cutcenes / World+ Voice Acting+ Combat System / Progress+ Massive and very well worked story- Vey LinearMy First Final Fantasy Game and For Sure not The Last
,Recommended,292120,22931870,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,The Scott,"I bought FFXIII several years ago initially, and I got a few hours in then gave up. Once it hit PC, I bought it day one, and the issues persist....I felt like I had to 'force' myself through the game.It is beautiful and the story is decent, but I find most of the characters boring, or frustrating and whiny.Also, as MANY other people have mentioned, the game is way too linear. As an FF game, you expect it to open up at some point, not just one hallway that leads to another that leads to another different looking hallway...The combat mode is also quite boring for me:I am not a fan of controlling one character, and I found Paradigm shifting really, REALLY, boring... I was actually just shifting to offensive paradigms, then looking at something else, and checking back here and there for when I needed to switch to Medic and back...Not my favorite... By far.That said, I hope SE brings more games to PC, and I'll keep supporting them, hoping for more great games in the futre!"
,Recommended,292120,32864059,Posted: 27 June,all,✿ Becky ✿,This game has a amazing soundtrack . the story is interesting . a good buy
,Recommended,292120,14307344,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Strig,"First off, let me start by saying I have no experence with the console ports of this game. That being said, this game is VERY poorly optimized for PCs. Even on my Higher-end PC (i7-5930k, 16 gb ddr4, nvidia gtx 770) I can barely keep this game at a consistant 60 FPS, and that is excusing all the times it would drop BELOW 20 near the end game sections. The most stable way I found to play this game was to go into the Nvidia control pannel and enable tripple buffering, but it would still have issues. All of this asside, Let's get into the actual aspects of the game.Being a fan of JRPGS, this was one of those games my friends would always tell me I need to try. For many years I thought this game would be utter garbage because of all the hate it had recieved, but my friends assured me it was an awesome game. So as soon as I saw it was getting a PC release, I thought now would be a good time to go ahead and give it a try. Was this game as good as i've been told?My first impressions of this game were very mixed, the combat was super easy and required no skill and the game felt like it was just guiding me down one long hallway for hours, and hours. And that is where we see the first problem with this game. Right off the bat this game treats you like you're an unintelligent player who has never played a rpg. Do you get the freedom to explore? no. Do you get to custumize you're skills for what YOU want to be? nope. Insted, you're guided and told what to do to the point where it really feels like you're not doing anything at all. Because of this, it took me a very long time to even get past the first 10 chapters of the game. But my friends kept assuring me to keep playing. After forcing myself to keep going and playing even when I found NO FUN in it what-so-ever, the game finally took me off my leash. Chapter 11 and on is where this game really shines, and let me tell you, it shines bright. The combat get's fleshed out and requires you to not just keep pressing A until the enemy is dead. Now you actually have to start making the correct decks in order to win and know when to switch to them. Chapter 11 should have been the whole game. Hell, Chapter 11-on is long enough to be a game on it's own (It'll take you around 15 hours if you want to just blow through it), But it's not. Insted, they put a 20 hour long TUTORIAL (if anyone argues and says its anything more, you're just wrong). People who argue and say the first ten chapters are to really get you into the story are wrong. The story is so simply for the most part that they could have easily fit it into 3 or 4 chapters and the players would not be as burned out before you get to grand pulse (chapter 11). And that's another thing, the story is a little too simple for my taste, towards the end I did have a little bit of the feels for some of them, but for the most part, I wasn't really engaged. The reason the game is so good in chapter 11 is it turns in to a tradition RPG, but with just the right amount of a modern twist filled with side-quests, exploration, and customizable battle mechanics. You gain the freedom to do what you want and only move on when you feel you want to continue. The combat feels really fluid and engaging. Because of the set up of the mechanics, the combat feels more energetic and exciting. it's a really unique experence that you just need to try for yourself.Just to wrap up, The game wasn't BAD, it just has some MAJOR problems in it's design that REALLY hold it back. I know for a fact that thes flaws are the reason so many people gave up on the game and just auto-matically brushed it off as a bad game. I've heard 13-2 fixed a lot of the issues and i'm looking forward to play through it.Now if I could only rate the game based on chapter 11 and on, I would give it a 9/10But as a whole, it's nothing better than a 6/10Play this game if you have the patients to get through 10 chapters (20 hours) of mediocre gameplay to get to the amazingly sweet end game (15-20 hours). It's kind of like a Tootsie-Pop."
76561198029342372,Not Recommended,292120,12437851,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,駿,"So sure, Square Enix could have done better than this. As a PC can handle so much more than this. I mean THIS GAME WAS MADE USING A PC RIGHT?! Where is the logic downgrading it so much for PC users I will never understand. The only great thing about it is as many have said the Audio. You cannot alter or change any of the Video Graphics setting within the game itself. This is a LAZY and SAD port. Wasted money looking at screenshots from consoles.DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL."
,Not Recommended,292120,12434367,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ubergeekfanboy,"I love  the FF games and although this is not anywhere near my favourite when it was released on console i was looking forward to giving it a full playthough when it came to PC as i never got around to completing it.I WILL NOT BE COMPLETING IT ON PC.My main issue is the resolution setting. I understood that this was going to be a direct console port but sadly i wasnt expecting it to havethe thick black boarder surround that it currently does. (On my monitor its around 2-3inches the whole way around)This makes the game pretty much unplayable as its too much of a distraction. This is then not helped by the lag and screen ripping. My rig can play Battlefield 4, Crysis, Mordor etc all on Ultra hitting a solid 60fps at 1080p and to be honest im not one for the whole FPS arguement, but FF13 shouldnt have been an issue and yet there is lag every 2-3 minutes (especially when ""roaming"") and the ripping effect doesnt help much to this.Please fix Square. I would love for you to bring more Final Fantasys to the PC but not if your are going to do lazy ports like this."
76561197976785181,Not Recommended,292120,12513212,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Molesmoke,"No graphics options, unstable. Game immeditately exits on pressing the escape key!"
,Not Recommended,292120,12438466,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JeBuZjAcK,"Poor PC port. Locked to 720p, absolutly no graphics settings and constant framerate issues due to poor optimizations. Would of recommended this game if they added all missing features i listed. May recommend if Square Enix fix these issues."
,Not Recommended,292120,14428216,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Biidi,"So, I haven't seriously played a Final Fantasy game since 10-2. Played 11 for a few months and 12 for a short time. I thought that 13 would be a good way to get back into the series, especially since it's now on Steam and I haven't had a console for a long time.The graphics in the game (as you'd expect from a modern Final Fantasy game) are breathtaking. All you have to do is look at the screenshots above and imagine those in motion. The visuals aren't a problem one bit. However, the graphical STABILITY is. Even after the patch in December that added ""graphics options"" it still doesn't even run at a stable 30 fps. Combat often dropped down below 20 for me. I know, a lot of people think 30 is ""unplayable"", but this isn't a fast-paced fps. It's not smooth, but it is easily playable.The size of the game on my drive is the biggest reason I nearly didn't buy this. 60 gig? WTF are they loading? Turns out, they didn't do 1 video stream and 2 audio streams. That 60 gig is because you are forced to download both English and Japanese cutscenes whether you want both or not.Combat is mostly fast-paced semi-real-time action. You control only one character (and it takes at least 20 hours into the game before you're allowed to change your combat party) while the other two are controlled by the computer based on the roles you give them. This works out reasonably well since you only need to focus on the actions of one character, though you still have to babysit the other two. Early game combat doesn't really prepare you for later on. Early combat is basically 'press Auto combat to win'. This lasts for 20+ hours. Occasionally there's a boss where you need to use a little bit of strategy.My biggest gripes with the game are the extreme linearity and the horrific grind-fest the game turns into. Once you get to Gran Pulse it looks like the game opens up! I was so excited! Big open areas with monsters for me to fight or avoid as I saw fit. Five minutes later I'm being railroaded through canyons and narrow walkways again.This is also about where it turns into a grind-fest. Shortly before getting to Gran Pulse it unlocks all the roles for each character. You might be thinking that it allows for more variety and customization, which it does, if you're willing to pay a hefty cost for. The first skill in one of the three 'secondary' roles costs 3000 cp (or whatever the points are called) while the final one in the first tier costs 48000. In contrast, the skills for the main roles top off at 8000 for tier 3.This isn't even mentioning weapon upgrading which is probably just as bad if not worse. Each character has what appears to be only about a dozen weapons. You have 4 basic ones which you upgrade and transform into the second level weapons which you upgrade and transform into their final version. For example, I was using the Axis Blade for Lightning. It would take about 23000 points to upgrade it fully. It's secondary form takes 367000, and the final form takes 1.6 million. Doesn't sound too bad until you realize that most upgrade items give less than 100 points each. Even with the multipliers it still would take a hell of a long time.So anyway, my verdict on FF13: Ruined a decent movie by trying to make it a game."
,Not Recommended,292120,12441928,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MajorDragoon1991,"Poor.  Now I'm a huge Final Fantasy fan and this game is in fact one of my favorite Final Fantasy games.  I enjoy the gameplay, the story line, and the general feel of the game.  I remember first playing it on the 360 and hearing about the game coming to Steam gave me happy joy joy feelings.  However, I have to say that I am dissapointed in the PC port of Final Fantasy XIII.I pre-ordered the game and had high expectations that it would be smooth and joyous how I had originally remembered it.  The PC port suffers from low frame rate, micro-stuttering and 720p. Now the 720p doesn't make a big difference when it comes to this game.  I'm playing Final Fantasy XIII to play the game, not to gush at 1080p graphics (1080p would have been nice though).  However, it's the framerate and micro-stuttering that irritates me.Immediately after popping the game in and beginning through the intro I had issues with the framerate and a stutter that the game was generating.  I have played a multitude of games that did not have this same issue, that pushed the processor hard and did not generate this same stutter.  The micro-stutter is very annoying and is probably the only reason I would give the game a negative review.  Another missing feature is the ability to change resolution, and the Esc. key will automatically close out the game if your playing in full screen.It's still the same game.  It's still my beloved Final Fantasy, but until Square corrects the micro-stutter issue I cannot give this game a positive review.  That issue alone impacts gameplay too much.  I'm flat out dissapointed in Square for not properly preparing a port before release.  I sincerely hope that the fans (us) are still special enough to recieve their attention and the issue being corrected."
,Recommended,292120,27155433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,정은지,"Even though i have not finish this game yet, but i had countless and endless of fun while playing this game. It has good visual, a great story plot, lovely music and not forgetting an awesome main character. I would really reccomend people to try this game out and be a fan of the FF series."
,Not Recommended,292120,12461975,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dorkopotamis,There's a character in this game whose accent vacillates between Rhode Islander and baby. This is the least problematic thing about it.
,Not Recommended,292120,12439902,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Freyar,"Final Fantasy XIII was never a strong entry with it's confusing plot that treats you like a moron for not knowing what's going on unless you dive into the uninspired journal entries that have you passively reading rather than getting engaged in the game.Naturally with a PC port, one would expect some level of usability, some visual improvements to take advantage of the platform, among other things. Sadly, this doesn't happen. Final Fantasy XIII is a joke. It sits at an unchanging 1280x720 resolution and is capped to 60FPS.There are no video options outside of ""Fullscreen or Windowed"", and the controls are not only touchy but unusable on the keyboard as well.  Performance also seems to have some really strange quirks involved as any reading or writing to disk instantly causes pre-rendered scenes to stutter, though they seem to be sped up to keep up with the 60FPS target. In-game, performance stutters pretty badly, even in combat which is pretty absurd.Aesthetically the game does okay, but considering that my monitor is 2560x1440, having it limited to less than half of the available resolution when other recent games not only look great but perform great at that above-1080 standard, it's disheartening to see this kind of result.50GB to download and install, locked to 1280x720 at 60FPS with strange side effects, dodgey keyboard and mouse input, already on top of a story that I want to finish but feel less than thrilled about in the first place.At least it's cheap?"
,Recommended,292120,16520808,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DemiDeityLink,Not the Best Final Fantasy game but I like it and Play all Final Fantasy games beside FF12 and FF11.
,Not Recommended,292120,12461620,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,lanrutcon,"Game suffers from 'Bad Port Syndrome': no video options, terrible performance, doesn't utilise your hardware properly.There may be a decent game there, but the technical issues and the lazy way it's been ported means that you shouldn't waste your money trying to find out.Avoid until patched."
,Recommended,292120,12534225,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Hunter 2-1,"Here's something you have to realize about this game: Yes, it sparked debate and controversy and a fair bit of backlash from fans. Now, most of this was warranted, yes. Nomura and Square Enix took some risks with Final Fantasy XIII and some were better recieved than others. For example, Linearity. The linear nature of this game was the cause of a lotof backlash. And, frankly, itisreally linear. In fact, a fair bit of the first twelve chapters will be spent walking down a pretty, dressed up corridor. That's undeniable. Once you get to Gran Pulse, however, the game world really opens up, and it becomes much better in that respect. Another source of backlash was a mediocre story and shallow, unlikeable characters. This isn't easily fixed, was never fixed, and returning characters continued to be unlikeable throughout the FFXIII series (which in itself was another issue.)Butthere is also a lot to love about this game. For one, the Paradigm Battle System is one of my personal favorite battle systems of all time. It's fast, fluid, and the range of Paradigms makes combat feel fresh each time. Keep in mind that this system didn't really shine in the grindier fights or the standard enemy fights. This sytemreallyshined during the big boss battles. Another great thing about this game was the music. Christ, the music of FFXIII is some of the best in the series, if not in all of gaming. Nobuo Uematsu knows how to make music and certainly knows how to convey emotion through his orchestra. And, I mean, c'mon. Sazh. How could you not love Sazh. Plus, this game's environments, while restrictive, were (and still are) absolutely stunning. This is a very pretty game, even six years later.Can't wait for the 1080p patch or inevitable mod.One last high note is the lack of port issues, at least as far as I've gotten, which is only to the Pulse fal'Cie. Unlike previous ports, this one seems to have no issues, aside from the inability to play in fullscreen, though that could be an issue on my end. In all, while this game has some flaws, and has been exaggerated as one of the worst Final Fantasy games of all time, it still deserves your time and money, because despite what some say, it's a brilliant game."
,Not Recommended,292120,12464354,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Montyz,"locked resolution makes the game look horrible.No keyboard and mouse optimizationNo graphical options.Poor framerate, it does not run at 60 frames like they said."
76561197984572031,Not Recommended,292120,19797365,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,reagan_youth,"There's not much to say about this game that you probably have not heard before, but here goes.First, the story is weak. I have tried multiple times (on different platforms) to get into this game and I cannot. I suffered through 20+ hours on the PS3 to finally give up. I will say that I have definitely played games with far worse stories, but there is no motivating factor to keep me going.Second, I hate the characters. I can overlook poor stories if the characters are good. Unfortunately, I also found the characters to be very bland. Outside of Lightning, the cast was forgettable.The gameplay was alright once I got used to it so no points off there.I will cut it off there and give it a 4/10."
76561198095670672,Not Recommended,292120,12529492,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Faohlin,"So, this game surprised me. After all the bad things I heard about it, I decided to give it a shot nonetheless. During the first 10 hours of the game, I actually HAD fun. The combat, repetitive at it is, was actually fun and the story was interesting. But then things went wrong somehow.So, I came to this point of the game where I'm being repeatedly throw into fights with annoying and unforgiving enemies. Literally, I was fighting like 6 enemies at the same time and, as much as I like to win, winning these fights just makes me wonder if I should be doing something else with my time.Then the story... Jesus Christ, this game actually had an interesting story. Then, it seems like the writers decided to start making no sense at all. I mean, I can forgive a bad story if the gameplay is really good. Unfortunately, FFXIII fails to deliver. I only bought this to actually promote more Final Fantasy games in the PC but if this trend of FF games continue to come out, I'll have to say goodbye to this franchise. This is not a good Final Fantasy game. Hell, this is not even a good game at all.I'll just finish this game (or at least try to) to make myself feel that I got my money's worth back. But damn, not doing so well in that regard so far. Careful if you wanna buy this game. Make sure you actually know its limits."
76561197964365287,Not Recommended,292120,14403699,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,♥Khaleesi♥,"I've read a few reviews and frankly I am surprised this has gotten any possitive feed back at all. I cannot see what anyone would possibly see in such a terrible game... I have various reasons for disliking it, cheif among them that I am a Final Fantasy fan since NES and this is just simply put, a boring game.Although I've only played a bit of this game I can say simply that there is very little to offer here. The battle system is rediculously boring. You can get by the entire game just pushing X. You have control over only one of your character in the party as well which takes away from the game. Your ""members"" in the party are basically NPC's that add AI support. If you just choose the ""auto-battle"" option it will generally apply the skill or ability best suited to the situation and layout of enemies. That is like doing someones homework for them. Sure its easy and quick but you won't get a damn thing out of it. I prefer a game where you actually have to think for yourself...Also, the dialog is very very poorly written. For example, in the beginning of the game, Snow Villiers gets support from some citizens that want to help fight. They don't want to sit back and do nothing, alright, I get that. But there is a mother who gets up to recieve a gun and fight, and when she does her son says, ""Mom, wait!"" and all she says is that it will be ok. And when she gets her gun all she says is moms are tough and gives her son an unconcerned look.... what parent, knowing they might die or live doesnt so much as say goodbye to their kid? It completely took away from the impact of her death later because of how poorly written that entire scene was. Like... normally stuff like that would get me choked up, like in Mass Effect 3 when Shepard sees a transport carrying a kid she failed to save explode. That actually made me cry because of how it was written, it makes a big difference.Also, this game is so poorly compressed it's a joke. Just shy of 60 gigs is a rediculous amount for an MMORPG, why the hell is a 1p game that large? Coming from someone who plays only PC games, this title is not pretty enough to warrent such a large game file. Why is it so big? *shrug*The only thing I can say that countradicts the bad things I've heard about this game is that the story really isnt as confusing to me as it seems to have been for many people... and I barely got through the beginning of the game. The premise reminded me of a FF7 rip off the way the world was made. And the fact that Lightning is an ex-""soldier"" who appears to be against the government now.If you are planning to buy this game, DON'T! It isa waste of money for a boring, easy game with terrible writting. I didn't get into the game long enough to really get into any of the characters either, but I can say they are all very unimpresive. None but the black man witha chocobo in his fro even stand out in my mind... and I hated that character. I hope this prevents someone from wasting their time with this FF. It's sad but Final Fantasy is all but dead in my opinion. It seems that ever since they changed from square soft to square enix, they have just been failing in the game market."
,Not Recommended,292120,15085196,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Blessings O'Babylon,"""You have to play it until you reach the crystal lake, then it gets good!""""You have to play it until you reach Palompolum, then it gets good!""""You have to play it until you reach the Ark, then it gets good!""""You have to play it until you reach Gran Pulse, then it gets good!""""You have to play it until you reach Oreba, then it gets good!""""You have to beat the entire thing, otherwise, how can you feel justified in judging it?!""-Final Fantasy 13 Apologists. 2009-Today.Well ill tell you what. I reached The Lake. It didnt get good.I reached Palompolum and it didnt get good.I reached the Ark, Gran Pulse, Oreba. It didnt get good.I BEAT this sorry excuse for a Final Fantasy, and guess what? Im Bloody judging it. Strangest thing, though.IT NEVER GOT GOOD. I BEAT IT.I CAN JUDGE IT. ITS TERRIBLE.SO SHUT UP APOLOGISTS. I HAVE EXPERIENCED THIS GAME TO ITS FULLEST.IT. WASNT. GOOD."
,Recommended,292120,22988492,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,hallo,I'd really suggest playing this right before starting The Stanley Parable for an authentic simulation of meaningless button pressing.
76561198021177752,Not Recommended,292120,23800953,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mikeatgregg,"I played FF7 to death... twice! It was a really great game and while time constraints resulted in having to restart several months after my innital attempt, the game stood up to a second run through...... Final Fantasy XIII doesn't even make a first run. The combat is too repetative, the monsters are not inspiring, and gone is the turned based stratagy game, replaced instead with a combat design where the NPCs choose thier own attacks based upon their combat stance.  It's fun for a while but the combat seems removed and I'm spending most of my time watching the stats bar and switching between modes rather than enjoying the game.I've deleted FFXIII from my list and although I would very much like to enjoy a final fantasy game again, for now I'm going to place it in the box labelled ""Must do better"", and take another look at where things have gotten to in another decade."
,Recommended,292120,18811200,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sabo,Blinded By Light
76561198126416093,Recommended,292120,12965068,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cosmi90,"Great game and too many bad reviews, so i'm giving this a good one! Square should port more games to PC, admittedly ""polishing"" them better before release! Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,292120,12462511,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mahogany,"Let me open my review by stating that I am a big fan of this game. Yes, you read that right, I'm a big fan, but I'm not recommending the game. I've played around 100 hours on PS3, and I've reached Gran Pulse at the time of this review, and have spent about 20 hours on this version at the time of writing.The combat system is fast-paced and cinematic, and requires good strategy to do well. I've never been a person for story, so I can't comment on that. The game is a good length for the price you pay.However...This game is quite possibly the worst port I have ever played.Let me mention all the problems that come to mind right now:-Locked to 720p-Awful framerates, despite me having far higher specifications than recommended.-Pressing ESC immediately forcequits the game without a prompt. (There is a prompt if you're playing windowed)-Absolutely no graphical options at all.-You're forced to download the Japanese voices, whether you want to use them or not. This adds a lot to the size of the game and makes it take far longer to download than it should.-Graphical glitches in cutscenes: In one cutscene, Vanille's hair didn't render at all, and Sazh was invisible. Odin completely failed to render in the Eidolon fight, too. I was fighting against an invisible Odin.-The HUD is the most framerate intensive part of the game. When I disabled it, my framerate shot up. Unfortunately, playing battles without the HUD is kinda....impossible....That's all I can think of right now. I think the game is great, but it is definitely not worth the asking price right now for how awful a port it is. Wait until Square fixes the port. (I really hope they're actually going to try fix this...thing).If you must play the game, I highly recommend you go check out Durante's fix with GeDoSaTo. It fixes the resolution issue, at the very least. None of the other framerate fixes have made a difference to me, so I can't recommend any of those.Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll go back to playing this awful port. Or maybe I won't. I really don't have any desire to play at 15 FPS anymore."
,Recommended,292120,15658176,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nirrtix,"Loved this game, but it has issues that might clash with those who are big into classic Final Fantasy RPGs. The game is extremly linear, but that is common in more modern RPGs. The story however is epic. It is one of the best stories of a Final Fantasy game since FFVII. They did change the way battles are done, to real time from turn based which is a mixed bag in my eyes. It is a different element, but it has down sides also. One is that you have a main hero, who if dies you who team dies. I also feel this game made Eidolons kinda worthless, which is one of the main aspects of the game and me main gripe.Pros:-Beautiful story-Beautiful Graphics-Interesting characters as usual-Real time battles make the game feel fresh and more fast paced.-Decent length story, much longer if you do all the optional missions.Cons:-Eidolons feel like they have less purpose as I can beat the game using them only once or twice often not even using them on main bosses.-Real time battles can be frustrating and harder to use tact and you have less control over the characters and only control the role of them in predesignated paradigms. The only character which you have specific control over is your party leader (which is hard give specific commands as the battle is real time)- Unlike in games like FFVII if your party leader dies you lose the battle. Whereas in other FF gams I have played if the party leader died you could ressurect him/her.-very linear-instead of finding your ultimate weapon you ""craft"" it. This was painstakingly LONG and rediculous.-You can ""upgrade weapons"" also, which is odd since your old weapons can literally be made better than end game weapons powerwise. In a way it feels more like the weapons are less about dmg, than their abilities.All in all I like the series, but it has many pluses and minuses. Most of the minuses are either things I have gotten used to with other modern RPGs doing the same or they are outweighed by the pluses. I would say my main gripes are the Eidolons being so weak and the weapon powerup system making end game weapons that are not ultimate weapons feel like they are weaker than upgraded tier 1 weapons."
,Recommended,292120,13629772,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ronnivista,miracle! finally FF13 is available to play for PC!!!
76561198137492436,Recommended,292120,19748179,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nightwalker,just finished the gamethe story is amazingthe gameplay is fun but sometimes its boringdont skip a lot of fight or you will get ♥♥♥♥ed in boss battlesstory 10/10gameplay 8/10play it with japanese voicesthe subtitles are♥♥♥♥♥♥the change the meaning of like 40% of the conversationsoverall [8.7/10]
,Recommended,292120,15827693,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Friends in 2017 LUL,Can someone tell why the ♥♥♥♥ this game is 50 GIGABYTES WORTH OF DATA? Good game. 8.5/10
76561198131018928,Recommended,292120,21656092,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TheMilkshakeMan,The best JRPG i know
,Recommended,292120,13952378,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,line,Looks good and is very fun.8/8 japanese star wars
,Recommended,292120,13917171,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,GTFOMGWTFBBQ,"I kinda feel that after my playtime, I can make a valued judgement on Final Fantasy XIIIGood bits:1. Pretty damn good graphics overall.2. Brilliant and engaging battle system. A little complex too.3. Interesting story, with quite a few backstory-style datalog entries to read.3a. The Soundtrack! The best video game soundtrack I've heard in a long while. Simply fan dabby dosie.4. Controller support. I like using Mouse and Keyboard, but not with this. Too... clunky. Controller doesn't take away from the experience, so why not? It only makes it better!Bad Bits:1. My god the frame drops. My computer, without sounding too flashy, can run this game on max shadow resolution (8192x8192), so it begs the question: Why can't it maintain 60fps? It only drops to 30, nothing less. It just noticeable.2. Around 15 hours of total linearity. Which in my eyes is okay, due to the game being able to hold my attention for that period of time. Now, around 13 hours of my playtime after this has been non-linear, but involved alot of farming. Alot. A word of warning.3. 30gb+ install. My god. If you're where I am, where your internet runs off a pizza box and is 1.2mbp/s (0.12MB/s), then good luck downloading the game. If you're anywhere else, you should be fine.Overall. 8.5/10. Pretty fantastic, with great visuals, an engaging story with pretty damn badass characters. Except one.Would recommend.Edit: Okay, solved the FPS drops. It's because for some reason the game hates CPU's with more than 4 cores. So, you have to run it on 4 or less. So, I've changed the rating in lieu of the port being unoptimised. Easy fix though, so not a hefty decrease."
,Recommended,292120,21881992,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ray ray big boy,"For this being the first Final Fantasy game I've ever gotten into, it's been fantastic so far. If you're new to the series, there's no need to play any previous installments because it's a fresh, dank and brand new story. This game is well priced, and it's HUGE. The game exceeds 50 GB and it packs hours of  gameplay in there.The cinematics are great, and are balanced with gameplay in a way where you won't be waiting tens of minutes between getting to play. Hell, the intro to the game is short, yet gets its point across very easily. The battle system is great, and requires you to actually think most of the time rather than mindlessly mashing the ""OK"" button to spam the same attack.As for the story of the game... It's amazing. The characters are all unique and very fun, and I thought it was very clever. I don't want to spoil anything, so I reccomend watching someone's playthrough on the game, or just play it for yourself.[9.3 / 10]   ""Hella addictive. Give it a try, for sure."""
,Recommended,292120,21977810,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,dmva,"I played this game in 2009 and by that time I didn't like it... Too linear, undeveloped character, confusing storytelling, etc. One can argue that the game gets better after the first 20 hr. However, a game that needs 20 hrs to start being pleasant is a bad game.Now, at 2016, after playing this game again I have change my mind. This is a solid entry in the series with a deep combat system (maybe the best one ever?).My advise is not spending a lot of time battling in the beginning. Just move forward with the history and you will probably enjoy this game. It is still a linear experience, however if you focus on enjoying the history instead of battling over and over again the characters will grow on you. Also, the enemies within the first chapters of the game almost doesn't give you XP and this is another reason to avoid these battles."
,Recommended,292120,17327988,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,fam5283,"As a long time Western RPG player, it is quite a suprise that I found this game is quite enjoyable to play. Even with its limited visual customization of player controlled characters, other aspects of this game helps it to shine; the convincing voice acting, believable fantasy setting and lastly the story that is quite well written. Plus the PC version allowed us to play it in glorious Full HD resolution, which was not possible when it was first released on PS3. Give this game a try and I'll sure you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,292120,18766511,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Servbot,"It's not a best FF game among others, yet since it's rarely to see female protagonist as main character beside Terra FF VI, makes it worth to be collected.Nice graphic, complicated story, and new battle system are the reasons that may challenge you to beat the gameIf you're a real JRPG fan, be sure to buy this game, as not many JRPG like this one you can find on Steam"
,Recommended,292120,13831473,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KRW.exe,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47YPs-qwNQUBut to be fair, people whine about this game and i can see why, but i give it thumbs up, because of how comfy it is. All you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ do is press auto-battle and it does attacking and thinking for you.Also dat Vanille jiggle physics ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,292120,15325466,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Da Killah Genius,"Its a great RPG,This reminds me of Final Fantasy 8, because its futurelistic, and Lightning has a Gunblade like Squall.  I love the gameplay, it allows to focus on using one character per battle, every character has signatured techniques, spells, & summon.  I also love the storyline behind this game, keeps your heart at interest for hours.  You can upgrade weapons and accessories, tons of unlockable content.I give this game, 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,292120,20797530,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Prod1gyX2014,I'm a big fan of the Final Fantasy series and XIII had to be my favorite for PS3 and once that died I couldn't play it anymore until now and with the 60fps on PC I can't stop playing it. FFXIII has a great story that's not to short and isn't to long at the same time which is a plus :) Hope to see SE ports more games to PC :)
,Recommended,292120,20431675,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,neverlanding,The story is amazing. 10/10
76561198007287731,Recommended,292120,20412180,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Eay,great!
76561198013894868,Recommended,292120,17793458,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ensu,"Let me start off, first and foremost, that there are control bugs in this game that, based on a google search, multiple people have that grind your gears quite a bit: sometimes randomly your mouse will stop working, or the 'w' (moving forward, going upward in selection menus) will be turned on non-stop without you actually touching it, causing you to unplug and replug and unplug and replug and unplug etcetc your mouse- and keyboard port for quite a while before it knocks it the♥♥♥♥♥off. I do have a wired xbox 360 controller, but the port is weird: my computer detects and uses it fine, until I start final fantasy, after which my computer miraculously doesn't recognize the xbox controller anymore to the point where i couldn't use it anymore. Maybe the latter is a problem with my own computer, I don't know.For the cons:- the game is supremely linear, I mean every final fantasy game is linear, but for instance in FFX or FFXII you had this open world kind of thing where you moved around and went as you please. In here it's a map, you never really decide where you're going, you're just following and moving forward on one street. At least it's like that from the point where I'm at, haven't finished the game yet. I really miss being able to walk inbetween mountains and explore a little bit before eventually moving to the next checkpoint, whereas in here you really... can't exactly go anywhere else other than where you're supposed to.- I dislike the weapons upgrading system. Once you've upgraded a weapon, you can't see the base stats, making a comparison between your current lv15 weapon and a newly found lvl1 weapon a little weird. Basically I didn't know wtf to spend my resources on without googling it.Other than that:Great game, good story, not as mind♥♥♥♥ing as FFX for instance but still with enough gaps to keep you interested. Combat is actually rather nice, although the battles last pretty long. The characters are, as far as I can tell, pretty likeable  and 'natural' in all. Giving it a recommend, although it is by far not one of the best FFs out there."
76561198079059405,Recommended,292120,15800868,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Seringgalau,nice game :)
76561198104889221,Recommended,292120,17566138,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,田中 あすか Tanaka Asuka,good game
76561198028380595,Recommended,292120,20692161,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ElleNz xGOD,"Its not the best final fantasy game but it is still pretty good. Graphics are amazing and it is set in a futuristic world that makes you feel as if this is like a world set 10000 years from ours. Although the game has a linear feel to it you still feel as if your character is venturing through the journey at a good pace. The flow goes battle, walk a bit to a cutscene, battle, and  spend your points on stat increase. It may sound repetitive but while you are doing all this you have great visuals, great soundtrack, and a good story. The characters may seem a bit shallow at first but they turn out to be pretty good overall. Lightining is a great protagonist. I recommend if you are seeking a rpg with visuals, soundtrack, battle system, and story."
76561198135407818,Recommended,292120,20696128,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,⚜One-Eye King⚜,Game Recommended
,Recommended,292120,33114469,Posted: 1 July,all,JustinRap22,"its a beautiful game with beautiful graphics, the dialogue is amazing and the story is actually worth getting involved with. i like how the game challenges you to progress and level up your character to beat certain opponents. overall this game was made fantastically and i cant wait to play the second version when i finish this one."
,Recommended,292120,17041022,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tekkhi,"A beautiful piece of art, probably the best combat system a final fantasy game has ever had, a intriguing world absolutely full of lore. I have a deep love for this trilogy.A far better contstructed story than the likes of final fantasy XV.I only wish the Fabula Nova Crystallies Universe had been explored more beyond this trilogy and type 0."
76561198400819087,Recommended,292120,33272634,Posted: 5 July,all,쵸파,"amazing game, especially happy since it is available on PC."
76561198031682215,Not Recommended,292120,20098141,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,⌡³,"With my Windows 10 and keyboard game has an error where it randomly locks a key (like the key is stuck).  After such, I haven't found any work arounds other than exitiing the game, This is game breaking since saving can't just be done anywhere. So far, I haven't been able to make it to the 2 hour in game mark.Game does work decently with a 360 Controller and has better camera options than with the keyboard.  I still haven't figured out what the issue was with my keyboard."
,Recommended,292120,19921880,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HarleyCatQuinn,Love the gameLove the storyLove the charactersLove the musicEveryon mst try this game at least once to experiance the coolness of the fights8.5/10
76561198062632557,Recommended,292120,19773280,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mr. ปลาช่อน,"seemingly, the most underrated FF in history.too bad hatred on the game so much, this might be the first and the last FF game that you can send an enermy up into the sky before♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it up in the mid air and smash them down to the ground, badass isn't it?I've played this first on PS3 which belongs to my brother and then I missed the game so I bought it on Steam and I enjoyed it, really, I even achieved every single achievement.this game is not entirely linear, actually, but you have to reach a certain point (very late game of course)and it has various things to do in the post game or simply after the final boss fight (the maximum stats also unlocked after the fight as well).the story, at first you surely was like WTF is fal'cie, l'cie, cie'th and the list goes on...but once you understand its meanings you'll be into the story as much.the simple plot about all FFXIIIs are about gods which are varied by each episodethis time you got The Maker that creating human and fal'cie and brah brah brah happened and Lindzei brah brah brah.let's talk about the music, FF music never disappointed me especially this trilogy of FFXIII, it fits as much as the time has passed when you've broken through the obstacles and it also hits the players' hearts right at the point.the battle system which really is new even the time has passed and this now is 2015. it's really complicated one, you have to understand its legit because many enermies are required stagger to be defeat if this battle system does not suit you it means you will eventually hate the game and you'll think this sucks, also you'll be like your enermies you are facing are overpowered.cons :- no hidden boss like the old FF, the extreme bosses are walking around the field or are in the cie'th stone missions- no mini game- in the early game you have no liberty to control a character you wantall the cons I said got rid in XIII-2 but nothing in the story makes sense. lol (great gameplay though)"
76561198023253406,Recommended,292120,19834034,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bart010101,Amazing story. Played it many times on the PS and now finally also on the PC. Worth it!
,Recommended,292120,19856329,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,uɐǝqʎןןǝſ,"Honestly much better than most people claim, but not Squeenix's best by a long shot."
,Recommended,292120,19796690,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Xceed,"FFXIII is good, easy game-play and good story.You have to try ~"
76561198008541520,Recommended,292120,19811472,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Chaos,"A nice game with very good graphics.Sadly does not reach its predecessors. The characters range from annoying to neutral, the grind is real and i still have no idea how you should get enough Gil to buy some of the upgradeitems without a really massive grind.To be a little more specific:The combatsystem is fast. Way too fast do make some decisions in combat, not counting the paradigm-switch.If you want to have a high rating, dont even try to switch to something that isnt all out damage and even then you often enough only get a max of 3 stars.And since the combat is so damn fast you can rarely appreciate what you actually do and see. The camera flies over the battlefield and confuses more then it helps. You have no way to position you're party which makes them eat a lot of AoE. There a some way older games that did it way better (take a look at Grandia).The Characters didnt really grew to me. Most of the time i wished they would shut up or just disappear. Especially the youngest member of the cast.The Story is ok, but for me it isnt something much to remember. Same with FF 12. I played through it, but cant really remember what happened at the end.As a summary:If you see this game on sale and you like RPGs give it a try by all means, but dont expect it to reach the level of a FF 6 or 7. Even FF 10 was way better then this."
76561198059358921,Recommended,292120,19895030,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,hightime1011,This game is fantastic!  Many missing out great game story and epic game battle!
,Recommended,292120,19893727,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sir Panda,"As much as I enjoy Final Fantasy as a serie, I don't think it is a good reason enough to pay twice for a game I already own. However, let me explain why Iboughtit twice! (PC and Xbox 360)Refer to the rating/ Pros and cons to know whyFirst, I would love to specify that it was not a Steam Gift, gifted by a friend or something, I made the purchase at full price. On thus lets go!I do not mind the Battle System as much as other people! In fact I believe it is quite a challenge to understand at first but then once you get the hang of it, you can play it really strategic.The game's progression is chapter-based and in most chapters, the player will see the story through different characters' view. Players can move around the field map while controlling the party leader, the other members moving independently, sometimes running ahead, engaging in dialogue, or stopping to look at objects on the field and pointing things of interest out to the party leader. Other party members being far away from the leader does not affect their participation in battles that take place in a separate module. Players can jump, but only at specific jump spots marked on the map.Enemies will appear on the map and battles initiate when coming into contact with them. Treasure chests cannot be opened in close proximity to a monster, and there are several instances enemies are ""guarding"" treasures and must be banished to collect the loot. Shrouds can be used to move about the field without triggering enemy encounters, and to bestow the party with buffs prior to the battle's start.ProsBeautiful Visuals, including a variety of open world maps and areas to explore for hoursChocobos, obviouslyStrategic battle system including sort of classesAmazing Story telling, easy to fall in love with each and every details of it. (Exclude characters)ConsHard to feeling attached to the characters during the first entry of the gameThe skills and stats unlock/system is a tiny bit too simpleNot enough chocobosIt is the first game of a trilogy.RatingRate/10Visuals9/10Playability9/10Story8/10Characters5/10Would I recommend this game? The answer is Yes!However, make sure you have a good 40 hours(If you skip a lot of stuff) to spend."
,Recommended,292120,17700631,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Popin38,"Final Fantasy is a good game besides the fact of the amount of times you Switch Perspectives. I played 2 hours and i have switched perspectives over 15 times now. if they had fixed that and made less perspetive switching, i whould have been happyer with this game. But wsill all in all its a good game"
,Not Recommended,292120,21523979,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ian Storm,"Final Fantasy XIII(Scroll down for a tl;dr version.)Currently, my playtime is at 117 minutes. I spent around 70 minutes actually playing the time, the rest I spent on trying to fix FPS issues. The game runs at 15-20 FPS which is annoying, but was okay for me. But the fights run at around 8 FPS, which is inacceptable. For the sake of completeness: The cutscenes run smoothly at 30FPS; no wonder, they are pre-rendered.My rig:CPU: FX-8350 (@4.00 GHz)RAM: 16 GBGPU: AMD R9 380 4GB OCOS: Windows 10 Pro 64-bitI tried nearly everything I could find about this on the internet. I searched in the Steam forum, I took a look at a lot of guides for FF13, but nothing worked. :-(At this point I do not want to continue trying anything out, since I can, if am not mistaken, only refund if I am within 2 hours of playtime. So I will get my refund now.TL;DRStay away from this game, it's broken."
76561198063901013,Recommended,292120,20600051,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,NeoKorean,"Final Fantasy XIII is the first entry in the Fabula Nova Crystallis series (similar to the Compilation of FFVII). This essentially makes a sub-franchise of the FF series, where this series in particular has multiple games all clumped up together with the same mythology, but with different stories all together.I remember way back when they first teased this game in 2006; I believe at E3. It was pretty big news for Final Fantasy in general, so when this game finally came out it was hyped up a lot for being the next main installment in the FF franchise. This FF in particular has a very unique concept and setting overall. Among the other FF this takes the trophy for being the most Sci-fi-esque one. Comparing this to FFX, FFXII, or even FFVII this one is incredibly futuristic as seen in the trailers, which may turn you off a little from the traditional medieval setting that FF used to be known for. Nonetheless this game proves to be very beautiful, and divergent from the rest of the games in it's own little way. A lot of FF games age pretty well, but after 6 years this game still shines bright among other modern titles.The game starts off very user friendly if you will. About the first 8-9 chapters of this game can be considered a tutorial for the entire game, which is actually quite disappointing since there's only 13 chapters total. Square Enix was playing it perhaps to safe this time, and wanted to appeal to a more broader audience because compared to other FF's this one is the easiest, and the most linear even moreso than FFX. In a way I appreciate how painless the game can be on your first playthrough, but there're parts where you feel like gouging your eyes out because of this certain boss. Some of the enemies you engage do require atleast some sort of skill, which leads to the battle system. Square created a new system called ATB, which essentially voids the old FF turn-based gameplay mechanics for what it was originally known for.You can view this as a positive or negative thing, but imo it made the game easier than it should of been. Some people will say that it's a boring mechanic and express that by saying all you do is button mash ""auto-battle"" endlessly thus resulting in an automatic win. Now I won't say that they're wrong because they're in fact right in many occasions. I'm pretty adamant that you can finish this game's story by just doing that, however if you decide to complete the extracurricular activities; you will indeed find yourself in a more traditional JRPG FF of grinding and lvling up. Unfortunately a lot of the side quests won't open up until later in the game. If you're a person who just wants to play the game, and not care about the story than this game will not satisfy your needs until you progress through the story, which can be enjoyable or not depending on yourself. A battle team consists of 3 people. Only 1 character is assigned to you in a battle whom you control, while the other 2 are controlled by AI. However you are able to change your character in between battles, but you will find yourself only using 1-3 for the sake of strategy.This brings us to the story of FFXIII, which is arguably very cliche yet imo very interesting and distinct among other games in general. Linearity was this games biggest problem, so you will find yourself being shoved tons of exposition down your throat 24/7, which some of us may enjoy. I personally didn't care as much because I found the concept of it very intriguing. You got 6 main characters: Lightning, Snow, Sazh, Hope, Fang, and Vanille. Serah is another character who sort of has a role in this game, but you never play or control her. Lighting is the essential main character who was posted on promotional art. She's a strong individual who's stoic, humble, lacks humor, and resembles a soldier of an army. Snow is your average wannabe hero, but lacks intelligence and can't face facts. Sazh is the comic relief racial diversive character. Hope is your annoying little brat who later develops into a stronger individual. Fang is much like Lightning, except much softer to her friends, and has humor. Vanille is your average annoying waifu little teenage girl from anime who's oblivious to everything. I must say that some of these characters are weak, but they all end up being solid ones in the end. I never found myself utterly annoyed by any of the characters except maybe Hope.The main plot of the game is rebelling against the gods of the world, while creating/fighting for your own destiny. The 6 of the characters all end up meeting each other, and are given the same fate from the gods known as the Fal'Cie. The Fal'Cie turn the 6 humans into L'Cie, which basically makes them a demigod. They're given magic powers like summoning eidolons such as Bahamut and Odin. The people of their world (Cocoon) fear another world called Gran Pulse (the world beneath them...Literally). Cocoon is a planet that floats above the world of Gran Pulse, which is a wild land that consists of wild-life, and titan-like beings. The people of Cocoon have this irrational fear of an invasion from Gran Pulse, which is where our game begins. The story can be a little confusing because of the terminology they use to refer to the mythology, but if you can wrap your head around all of that; it becomes very clear.I personally think the best thing about this game is the soundtrack. Final Fantasy has always been known for their OST's, but this one blew me away. Nobuo Uematsu has always been known to be the composer for most of the FF's, but XIII had a brand new composer Masashi Hamauzu who did an amazing job. It has the right amount of instruments that create a soothing blend of euphoric music that is catchy, yet very distinctive from other FF OSTs. Serah's Theme, and Dust to Dust is a small sample of some of the great songs in this game. be sure to listen to the OST if you can.The game runs okay for what it is. You might need an above average PC to run it flawlessly, but I noticed FPS drops during certain fights, but it shouldn't be anything gamebreaking. About 70% of the time you will have 60fps.This game also has 2 sequels called XIII-2 and Lighting Returns. Both of them are shorter than this one, but the story of the 2 sequels are quite garbage. They utterly destroyed the perfect ending the original had, much like how X-2 dumpstered the original. I would recommend this game to anyone. I don't neccesarily think it's the greatest FF by any means, but it's not the worst imo. It's a beautiful game aesthetically, and stands out very well. If you can get past how linear it is, it can be very fun to watch and play."
,Recommended,292120,30100288,Posted: 22 February,all,Shingeki,"Yes I recommend it to people because if you are the old final fantasy player/fan,you must like this new battle statergy.Its wasnt like the past even all final fantasy before this is the best.I love its new battle system and its easy to follow with.If you love Final Fantasy,YOU MUST HAVE THIS GAME.Peace <3"
,Recommended,292120,29017644,Posted: 4 January,all,Synith,"Certainly would recommend the game, FF fan or not.The graphics are great as usual with the series and it's a good port to PC.Even thought feeling slightly too linear and some of the characters somehow lacking I was still enjoying the play through."
,Recommended,292120,32972349,Posted: 28 June,all,DETHFUKK,"One of the most interesting RPGs I've ever played, nothing comes close to this unique combat element and style."
76561198044546559,Recommended,292120,13736522,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mr_joma,"After putting over 100 hours into this game, and obtaining 100% of the achievements, I can whole heartedly recommand this game to anyone and everyone. This is a fantastic representation of what an RPG should be. The plotline carries this game extremely well, and the combat system almost never gets tiring with the introduction of the paradigm system. Overall this game is very well put together, while the steam port was initially awful, the rescent bug fixes and patches have made it a fantastic experience. This continues the legendary Final Fantasy series with upmost of honors. 10/10"
,Recommended,292120,20316767,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,z7xfla,"I just finished Final Fantasy XIII and I'm still planning on going back and completing all the remaining sidequests.  I wouldn't say this game ended up as my absolute favorite in the series, but it's still very much worth playing through.First off, I'm going to discuss the main point of criticism everyone keeps bringing up about this game: the linearity.  I would definitely say that I prefer games that are more open and adventurous instead of games that constantly force you in one direction.  However, while the first part of the game is extremely linear, it actually didn't bother me as much as I was afraid it would.  Many of the game's 13 chapters consist of your team running down long, narrow pathways (with the occasional offshoot containing treasure) while fighting enemies and watching cutscenes.  All shopping and upgrading is done at save points; there are no minigames or towns (well, there are ""towns"" but you'll be running through them fighting enemies just like in the other parts of the game).  On the bright side, the story, combat, and character progression system were all engaging enough to keep me entertained throughout all the linearity.  Still though, when first starting the game one might wonder why Square-Enix would ever decide to make it so ridiculously linear.  My guess is that it's their way of making the player focus on the story during the first part of the game without getting sidetracked - most sidequests in the earlier parts of these types of games tend to yield insignificant rewards, anyway, so the developers opted to save all of the sidequests for the later part of the game.  Indeed, if you are able to make it through the first 10 chapters without getting sick of all the corridors and pathways, chapter 11 finally presents you with the expansive, wide-open, sidequest-filled world you've been craving.  At first, it may seem like too long of a wait to reach chapter 11 out of 13, but believe me, this open part of the game is HUGE and is very well worth the wait.  Don't be thrown off by the fact that it's just one chapter.  To put it into perspective: if you plan on completing everything there is to do in the open section, it will likely take you more time than the main story by itself.  Also, even if you decide to move on and finish the last two chapters of the game, you are still allowed to return to the open world.People tend to have different opinions on this game's battle system, but personally it's one of my favorites in the whole series.  It introduces enough new aspects to make it unique and refreshing, but at the same time it doesn't stray too far from Final Fantasy tradition like I feel FF12's combat system did.  Combat is fast-paced and engaging, but you still have enough time to strategize.  There are six different roles that a character can assume during battle, and you can instantly change those roles by shifting the party's ""paradigm"" (set of roles for all three active characters) depending on what you need to do at any particular moment, whether it be healing, attacking, buffing/debuffing, etc.  Speaking of roles, the character progression system strikes a perfect balance between customization versus character uniqueness.  You are free to choose which role you want a character to improve in by spending CP (the game's term for EXP) wherever you please.  At the same time, even though every character will eventually be able to access all roles, each character will still have three roles that they are better at than the others, and these roles vary depending on the character.  Even characters who are both good at a certain role will each have access to their own unique abilities for that role, so they're definitely not blank slates that you have to build from the ground up.To top it all off, the game's soundtrack is pleasant for the most part and the environments are beautiful and full of color.  I'm aware the voice acting has occasionally been criticized with regards to certain characters, but I've heard much worse - in fact, I didn't find it bad at all.  My final word: if you never had the chance to play this game on a console, now's the time to get it."
76561198054023535,Recommended,292120,14379204,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"I'm an old school gamer of the Final Fantasy franchise.  I stopped playing them when we went our separate ways; they went with the online only route, and I in turn took the PC only road in around the change of the millenia.  Now that Steam reconnected our different pathes again with this bridge from disk to PC configuration - it's like we never parted ways.This game has the full complex storylines, excellent cinematics scenes that aid for story depth, along with using your own personal style of battle play and gameplay that I live for - STILL!  It's as much different as it is much the same as ever.  Square game developers know how to keep their games as well as their gamers immersed in hours upon hours of gameplay.So, since I am close to being done with this game, Steam just so happens to have FF13X2 on sale for 50% off this weekend... AND IT'S MINE!  I'm all set for more Final Fantasy, the next chapter.I highly recommend this game for those of you who need complex, diverse, rich, and detailed storylines, AND like to use your own wits of strategy in formulating great battle plans with a variety of melee and magic... Prepare to be sucked in and NEVER forget these epic adventures of Final Fantasy!!!"
,Recommended,292120,28949999,Posted: 2 January,all,Nullifer,"Even after this many years, the game looks so beautiful.I love story and game overall. Game gets alot of hate which I never understood and never will."
,Recommended,292120,22151808,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Kaldt,"This RPG is quite linear in its first part ( wich represent approximately 25 hours, and can be discouraging )But it become richer when the team arrives in Gran Pulse, when the ""auto atack"" command is not enough to crush ennemies anymore. ( especially versus those optional boss )The game got good graphics, full of small detail that gives a great atmosphere.But above all, it has an EXCEPTIONAL LORE. Square-Enix should have put it more ahead on the main story..."
,Recommended,292120,34470360,Posted: 24 August,all,Golden Sun Josh,Graphics and environments in this game were all excellent. I feel like the music was good but only a few of the tracks I would listen to afterwards (unlike XIII-2 music <3). I know Vanille gets a lot of hate but I think she is great. I think the story was good especially how it meshed with cutscenes and combat.
,Recommended,292120,34695598,Posted: 2 September,all,Amon,good story | ok gameplay  | free roam is not hereOk so this is not the best Final fantasy its not the worst tobut the story is the best part herebut if you want freeroam this is not it from what i seen at allso if you like story game's get it but if not i would say not tome i give story 8.9/10 gameplay 6.9/10p.s i would say its not the best to replay but thats me
,Recommended,292120,13369787,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,oldnames,"Edit Feb 2015: I started really playing the game inspite of the framerate hiccups and have gotten over it.  I am not satisfied, but still am enjoying the game.  The game is beautiful, battle is pretty mindless in the early game, but gets decently interesting, and playing the game with the japanese voices is pretty cool.  Story is a bit confusing at first but eventually is explained...and good enough.  While this port could have been better, the game is still a great game.  Ultimately, if you like a good Anime show with a progressive fantasy storyline and setting, you will like this game.Bottom line: Get this game once you have verified that it is working well for the majority of people.Lesson learned: Don't pre-order a console port.I have a beastly computer and still have frame drop issues, even after the recent patch.  FRAPS says it runs at a constant 60fps even though I visually see stutter randomly in and out of battle.  I have tried to do some tweaking with settings in game and in the Nvidia control panel...but really?  Nobody got time for dat!  Going to keep waiting for more optimization before I grind out 60+ hours of a playthrough.  If I get it running smooth like it should then I will change my review."
,Recommended,292120,22916824,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Marcelus,"The good thing is that the game works great. Now you can unlock the frame-rate and improve the resolution and shadow sampling. The bad is that is something very different from older entries of the series. I like it but is too simple and kept me away of playing it for a while because of other more interesting RPG's out there. Still worth if you're interested in this port ;)If you want something different you must already know Steam has the PSX Final Fantasy's VII, VIII and IX. Now X is on its way, maybe in the future XV and the classic ones before VII. Don't waste your money with Type-0's port!"
,Recommended,292120,27095043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sWitch思い出せなくなる,"It may have a slow start but by 20 hours you will be granted a full open world and many side quest to make your gaming a bit more of a grind just to get your achievements. Overall , this game is worth your money. 10/10 no lag or whatever on my laptop im using-->acer aspire E14 core i5 -5200Unividia geforce 940m 2gb dedicated vRam4gb ddr3 L memory"
,Recommended,292120,14400143,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TeKnik,"If you want an engaging game that will last more than a single afternoon, get it, you won't regret it"
76561198064055056,Not Recommended,292120,28799854,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,felio_emeraude,"IN SHORT: Story was not worthy of my time.This will not be a full review, just a short comment on various aspects of the game.GRAPHIC: cool. But that's the least important thing for my tastes.MUSIC/SOUND: I said I don't care about graphic but I have discovered that music is incredibly important to hype you during fights and immerse yourself in the narration. A lot more important than graphic. Well, music was not hyping, not immersive, subpar compared with other FF and asolutly forgettable.GAMEPLAY: the combat is ok. I liked the paradigm system: it feels tactical. AI for the auto-attack is a bit too stupid.STORY: terrible. I have always played FF for the story. The gameplay is ok but alone it's not worth my time. It could have been a nice entertainment while discovering the story, but the story is absent/bad told and it's hard/impossibile to connect with the characters. I hated the black guy (being a senseless tentative of a funny stereotype), after 18 hours of gameplay I discovered that he is the only one with a bit of depth that can make you care. But not enough. I was bored and not interested to lose more time of my life.SUMMONS: making them vehicles is one of the worst idea they ever had. Or at least the worst implemented one. Bleah."
,Recommended,292120,33196887,Posted: 3 July,all,Scott,"This game is certainly worth the 8 bucks it usually goes on sale for, and I feel that some criticism of the game is misplaced.  That having been said, it has a host of problems.The game starts off in media res, and doesn't share its backstory until a few chapters into the game.  This makes it easy to get confused about what's going on and what the stakes are, especially since this game has a TON of proper nouns getting thrown around.  Lucille, Gran Pulse, Cocoon, Falcie, it can get jumbled up pretty quickly.  The game does have a index that you can read to get a summary of what's going on which I'd advise looking at the second you can - it does a better job of explaining the game's starting point than the cutscenes.The gameplay is a mixed bag.  Personally the worst thing about it was only having two useable party members at a time for a large portion of the plot, especially because adding a third member gets you a large increase in your available strategies.  This is something the sequel fixed but this iteration can be rather boring to play until you hit the later chapters.  It's still flashy and fun to watch though.The plot is interesting.  It does a great job at certain points and a crap job at others.  It's all about coming to terms with crapsack destiny and the way the different characters respond to it.  I'd highly recommend using the Japanese voices - the English ones lose a lot of emotion and while some of them are okay, others are just awful (Lightning's in particular).  Speaking of which, you might think this is a game about Lightning based on advertising.  It really isn't - it's about the party as a whole, and everyone gets some time to shine (some more than others).  The worst part about it is probably Snow - he gets his subplot carted off to the side for a good number of chapters and as a result some of his development feels a bit rushed.  One of your latter party members is barely in the game, which is kind of disappointing given that she winds up being critical to the whole story.The game's ending is just baffling unless you play the following game 13-2.  Even then, certain parts of it won't make much sense (how did they know they could even do that?) but at least it hits the right notes emotionally.The map design is linear.  Personally I didn't have a problem with this - it reminded me a lot of X - but unlike X it does a poor job of disguising it/changing up the pace.  While X had stuff like the Cloisters and Blitzball to shake up the progression, 13 is just a straight shot to the end until you hit Chapter 11 (where the game gives you an insane amount of freedom). There's this weird mechanic where you can ambush enemies by running into their rears on the map, but this is rarely usable and feels kind of pointless.Overall, an okay game with a much better sequel."
76561198355300992,Recommended,292120,33226659,Posted: 4 July,all,idewamade.yt,"so good with story, graphic, detil from building  no matter with the gameplay far still turn based system (nope for bad comment). concept story so interesting, there are a relation beetwen each character, must try it from who have begin play final fantasy"
,Recommended,292120,13744026,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,❤ Jack ❤,It is my first time i play final famtasy game and iam really happy!
,Recommended,292120,14513173,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JellHumper,This is beautiful. The sound track is awesome. ITS PLAYABLE ON A XBOX 360 CONTROLLER. Also the storyline is pretty good. I hate you hope.
,Recommended,292120,23822106,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Adeira,"After staying away from Final Fantasy for years, my girlfriend finally got me to play it (FF being her favorite game franchise.)I'm hooked.The visuals are beautiful, even on lowest settings, I haven't gotten too much into the story yet but I like it so far.The only thing that's dragging it down for me is the fact that the combat isn't too fluent, meaning that you keep going in and out of it continuously. Then again, that's the style of an JRPG.10/10 would play."
,Recommended,292120,29173268,Posted: 10 January,all,God Of Wine,stuttering problem and not a steady frame rate at all resolutions with a gtx 1070 -_- doubt they will sort it out so i guess gunna haft to play through it
,Recommended,292120,14110199,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ShiftPC,I Love all Final Fantasy Games and I'm thrilled that they are now making their way to PC. This game Sure has its flaws. But it is Still and Enjoyable Final Fantasy Experience. It looked beautiful in Glorious 1080p @ 60 fps. I'm Glad I Played it again.I recommend this game if you are a Final Fantasy Fan or a JRPG Fan.
,Recommended,292120,14413211,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Maycara,"This is my third playthough of FF13, the first 2 times were on PS3. I still think people are way too hard on this game. I have been a long time FF fan, playing since FF1 was released back on NES long long ago. Playing every FF as soon as it released. Basically, I got alot of FF experience.As for FF13 PC, with the choice of making the game look better and Japanese voices making it even better. Raises the level of this game all the more. Is it the best FF game out there? No, of course not. Is it the worse FF game? Hell no.Pros:Amazing GraphicsAmazing MusicBest Battle System so far in a FF gameGood Story with likeable main cast.Big custom systems with weapons and leveling upGreat Voice acting on the Japanese side, and good enough on the english side (I say play in Japanese)Cons:Lack of a ""great Bad guy""Maybe too linear for some (This actually didn't bother me)Takes a little too long to get to the main battle system (slow start)Overall, I strongly recommend this game. I give it a 9/10"
76561198012128452,Recommended,292120,14478832,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cleffy,Camera angles suck when using a keyboard/mouse. Makes you dizzy as you fight the auto camera. There are little options.
,Recommended,292120,14468422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Levocetirizine,"Though the 13th (not literally) installation of the FF series doesn't live up to its predecessors, it still possessed few positive factors that made me like it. I never had the chance to finish this on the PS3 because the console was my cousin's, and not entirely mine. I understand why most people gave this a bad rep, but here are some simple explanations on why I like it more than I hate it.Linearity 11/10-the word I frequently see being used when describing FF13. But it's very sadly true. The FF series as a whole is known for its vast open world and the running around in different cities and completing mini games before going into the final battle. FF13 made me feel like playing a movie rather than a game with its dragging and frequent cutscenes and trodding on roads which can only lead you in one direction. You're literally running on a straight line, or an intersection that still ends up on one path. The only place you can freely enjoy is the open fields of Gran Pulse. Freedom is limited, which is ironic since the characters themselves were not given much.Characters 6/10-Lightning is just too bland--a female version of Cloud Strife but worse. I felt like Fang should be the lead character, and Vanille the second (which makes sense because the creators originally wanted Lightning to have Fang's personality). Lightning is under the bundle of brooding, untalkative, serious main characters Square Enix seems to like. The first half of the game you're stuck with a bunch of people with no objective whatsoever, but still kept on running to wherever fate takes them. You get the brooding kid, the self-proclaimed hero, the father figure... basically people with more personality than Lightning. You may hate them at first, but the long cutscenes and the story progress can make you like them little by little. The conversations between the characters were awkward and poorly written, but gets better fortunately.Gameplay 8/10-The gameplay may have some few faults here and there, but it becomes fun as you progress. To be honest, I hated the battle system. You can only manually control one person, which is the battle leader. This could've been an okay concept but the game doesn't let you pick your teammates until the second half of the game. Otherwise, you're just stuck with only two people in one chapter (Hope and Lightning; Sazh and Vanille for example.) It's tedious to get into the battle system, but once you can unlock every single option, it becomes enjoyable. The paradigm and crystarium system is great, as you can choose what that certain character's specialty would be.Music 10/10-There hasn't been an FF game that disappointed me at this component and FF13 is not an exception.Graphics 8/10-FF games have always been beautiful little things. Since FF13 was released years ago on last gen consoles, I still think it's pretty even up to today's standards. After the update, the developers added more graphical settings, but even on max settings I still get the jagged lines and low-res textures on some surfaces (but I guess it was just really made that way) They also recently added an 1080 version thank god.Plot 6/10-Basically, the game throws you in a world with no explanation, not even a little. They have a Datalog option which enables you to read about the background and history as you progress. I doubt people read all the pages in the Datalog. It took me a long time to differentiate l'Cie with Fal'Cie and C'ieth, etcetera. They don't explain [i♥♥♥♥♥♥/i]. Even the narratives and the long cutscenes isolate you. I like that they influence the story with Norse Mythology which I'm very interested in, but overall the plot was relatively okay, though it doesn't make sense most of the time, but I guess that's just the game's lack of explanation.Technical 5/10-I have a generally ok rig, somewhere in the center of mid-tier and high-tier—an intel i7 and an AMD 7870 plus 12GB of ram. I could run most games smoothly on 1080p but this one seems to be an exception at first. It was stuttery--like hiccups. My FPS doesn't stay on 60, especially during battle. Small areas (like rooms and hallways) doesn't lag so much. When I finally couldn't take the 0.01 second stutters I searched the net for a fix. It worked, thankfully. But I wished the developers did something about it themselves, as the game seemed to always try to detect a game controller, which made it lag a lot.Despite my wavering review, I still recommend this game, but only to those familiar with the Final Fantasy franchise. I wouldn't recommend this game to someone who wants to get into the series. Still, I enjoyed it. I have a love-hate relationship with this game. The ending was so touching that I cried (literally) because of the utter satisfaction that I felt. I hope you'd give this game a try, especially since the price has gone down."
,Not Recommended,292120,13518640,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shuffle.,"Does not start, i have tried everything. Scoured the forums for a solution and NOTHING.How in this day and age can you buy a game that is not launch ready?Yes I have a good system, there is nothing weird about it. It runs the other 15 games I have on Steam and 25-30 I have offline perfectly.Square Enix can you please refund me or tell me how to fix it?thanks"
,Recommended,292120,27745683,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♥ Athlaz ♥,It's ok
,Recommended,292120,20288901,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,th3h33,"Tl;DR Good game. Some flaws but worth buying if you like a good story and fast paced battles.Looking at the reviews for this game, many seem to criticise it for two main problems: first is the lack of port and second is the corrider/linear styled gameplay that could potentially restrict the freedom you have when playing. However, I personally didn't have a problem with either.The games's port for my laptop was absolutely fine. I experienced very minimal to absolutely no framedrops throughout my game time, even during battle scenes, and my laptop kept the game to a steady 60fps.The linear styled gameplay, however, may put off some people from buying this game and I personally can understand that opinion. The game starts off very slowly at the beginning and most of the early hours spent on this game will consist of you of either watching cut scenes or simply swatting away easy enemies that adds very little experience in terms of content in the game.Even so, if you're a major FF fan or if you're a patient type, like me, the late game experience is certainly a reward for toiling through countless yet pointless hours. In my experience, the story line starts to bring life and excitement at around chapter 7 (some may disagree) and once you're about 20 hours in, the game finally provides an alternative to the monotonic, corridor styles gameplay and introduces the player to a vast, open world in which you can finally participate in some side missions or just explore and generally have fun. In addition, the battles start to feel more challenging, and with the entry of the paradigm shifts and techniques such as libra or summon, they begin to feel enjoyable and rich in content with great, fast paced action that'll keep you on your toes throughout the whole fight.In conclusion, Final Fantast XIII is a good game. There are definitely some flaws that some gamers may not like and if they're the reason why it's preventing them from buying or liking this game, then I can only wave away what little argument i have and simply agree with them: everyone has their opinion. However, I think there are some who are too critical and too unfair which could then upset the true reflection of a solid, good game. Personally, I think this game is worth buying.I only wrote this long♥♥♥♥♥review because it's an excuse for revision, essay writing if you're wondering what i'm revising.Also, if you think it's rubbish it's because i wrote it from the top of my head in under 5 minute and it's my first one :)."
76561198083565870,Recommended,292120,27999470,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LunarEgo,The most amazing Trilogy I have ever played. I completed all acheivements on PS3 then got the games aagin on PC and They were everybit as good if not better here and so enjoyable with thoughtout characters and story plot. A++++!
,Recommended,292120,26706503,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ManYouForgot,"FFXIII, a decent title in the Final Fantasy Series, its mostly cinematic every 10 minutes but it looks good.Sadly this port is not the greatest, I had to do several hours of searching before i could even make the game launch because of DEP. After getting pass that hurdle things ran pretty good from 45fps to 60fps on 1080p. The story is the same are heroes are forced into saving the world by the Pulse L'cie in order to supposedly stop Ragnorak from there vision and they find along the way its not as simple as they think.The level system is a bit quirky in this title, if you havent played FF13 it uses a grid similar to FFX for stat and abilitiy progression and allows later in the game for multiple jobs on each character.If i was to rate this game i would give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,292120,13921410,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lobo,"After playin for 66 hours, around 200 screenshots and 16achievements i managed to play through this gameFirst of all: Final Fantasy XIII-1 is getting a lot of bad reviews, because its a ""corridor simulator"". While this is not exactly wrong, it isnt in Chapter 11, and this chapter offers quite alot to do. Two supperbosses, 64 missions, and lots of awesome areas to see. The story can be a bit confusing at some points, but is simply amazing, especially the end. I also see people complaining ""720p? 0/10 trash"". Thats crap. This game looks AMAZING. I can easily say its one of the most beautiful games i played so far. even above modded Skyrim. Its running smoothly on an AMD Anthlon II X2 250 3Ghz Processor with a, a NVIDIA GeForce 660 GTX and 8 Gb Ram. The only tanking FPS where at one of the final bossfights. But that really was kinda to much stuff happening. This game also comes with an amazing soundtrack.Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10Story: 10/10Characters: 9/10  (Some of them just are annoying at the start, the childish Snow, and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hope for example. It gets better later)All in all, i would rate this 10/10"
76561198020584337,Not Recommended,292120,28593954,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mu Shu Fasa,"I'm 5 hours in and all I've done so far is run in a straight line and mash the a button. There doesn't appear to be any rpg element, just a really bad action game. The cutscenes and story are ok but the kid characters are obnoxious and vanille's voice actor is constantly slipping in and out of an english accent. I'm gonna give it a few more hours and hope it gets better but so far I regret buying this game."
,Recommended,292120,27032113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cowboy Raccoon farmskins.com,Love this game so addicted
,Recommended,292120,13672993,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,timber777,"Sure, it is a port, but it is a decent port. And with the ability to choose a language, it has made the game better for me. The English voice acting killed this game for me. I don't mind reading a few subtitles during the in game movies. And the random things said during and after battles are said often enough you can look them up and figure it out on your own. Playing with a controller as walking is needed for getting some of those preemptive strikes.Be nice to see some more of the FF series on here too."
,Recommended,292120,14801472,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lancer,"After watching an LP of the game, I really didn't like it. But thankfully, my best friend convinced me to try it for myself and it turns out, she was right. I ended up really liking it. It may not be my favourite in the series but it really is a great game. Awesome cast of characters, interesting plot that may not appeal to all. I definitely love the character development, the crystarium system is pretty incredible. Definitely worth a try to any Final Fantasy fan or RPG fan in general~"
,Not Recommended,292120,14144420,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"I've finally gotten to Grand Pulse, but at this point I honestly don't feel like exploring.It took me a little over 25 hours to finally reach the open world portion of the game, and knowing that it's almost over I honestly just wanna continue and finish it.FFXIII has large production values-the music, visuals, and mythos are all there. But it makes for a lousy game. You've probably heard this before but I'm just gonna regurgitate it: this game is sofa king linear. It's INCREDIBLY linear. There are no treasure chests, no hidden pathways, or even different ways to get from point A to B. The damn thing might as well be on-rails.♥♥♥♥♥♥at least change the damn perspective so that I gotta hit back on the joystick to continue moving forward or something. I can do it myself by manually changing the perspective, but it's just not the same, Square.It's not the same.I'm not big on the Final Fantasy series, but I did play FFX, which was just as linear. But X at least had the courtesy of giving you a full party in the first 5 hours, and I tolerated its linearity around the 15 hour mark as its plot became intersting. By contrast, FFXIII does everything in its power to never allow you to have a full party. You FINALLY get to arrange your party and get the full cast together around the 75% mark.I could excuse the story not allowing you to have a full party if something interesting came of it. But from chapters 2 to 7 it's just people fuc*ing around not knowing what the hell they should do. The characters are all forcefully branded as enemies of the state by a lowerworld entity, and if they fail to follow through with the task they turn to horrendous beasts. If they DO follow through, they basically turn to stone, so they're screwed either way. They spend chapters 2-7 not knowing whether they should fight against their homeland or if that is even their assigned task (it's not explicitly stated). So you get people wandering around the whole damn place running from the military that's hunting them down while cursing their fate. It's the gaming equivalent of what you did in your High School essays: pad the sh*t out of them with size 13 font and repetition. The strange part is, there's this whole backstory to the rivalry between the worlds of Pulse and Coccoon that COULD HAVE been delved into more deeply and presented a LOT of room for backstory. But it's given a passing mention in in-game files, which is just horrible plot management. I guess wasting my time with nothing happening was a better use of chapters than actually exploring the game's mythos.Towards the end I got the feeling the writers hit a wall with the storyline. The protagonists are all essentially 'bad guys', but they can't be bad cause they're protagonists! So instead the narrative reasons around the 9th chapter that they are actually good guys taking down a society ruled by corrupt Gods! Oh but hey the entities they're being forced to take down turn out to REALLY BE bad so its cool! It feels like a damn cop-out. Instead of having a game where they really are damned and forced to be the evil of society it turns out that-oh hey they're actually doing good cause they really ARE taking out bad dudes! Lame. It's so damn convenient, isn't it. But that's just me not being satisfied with the story's trajectory.The battle system is alright for the first few hours. You queue up attacks that are carried out when your ATB gauge fills up, so if you idle while it's full you're just wasting time. That would be problematic if there was any complexity involved. All your characters have a skill that outright tells you everything about the enemy. Use it once and then just hammer away at the enemies weakness to build up its stun gauge. After it's stunned just auto attack. If it's a boss or a battle that takes a bit of time then prep up some people to debuff the enemy/buff up the party while ocassionally getting a healer to queue up healing spells when health goes low. If it's a run of the mill battle forego the stun gauge and just hammer away at it. You can either 'blitz' to hit enemies in a wide area (takes a larger portion of your ATB gauge) or 'attack'. It's not hard.It becomes just as repetitive as all the linear corridor exploration. Speaking of which, the level up system might as well have been left on the cutting room floor. It's just as linear as everything else. There are 6 roles and all the characters specialize in three. Towards the end all roles open up for the characters, so that Vanille can now be trained as a commando and learn the skills in that role. Too bad the costs to reach tier 1 in that role are INSANE, so you're better off spending your experience points where you've been spending them all along. You can spend 6000 points to reach the first tree in a role that gives, say, +10 hp or +4 strength. Or you can use that same amount to reach tier 4 of the roles the characters already been levelling up and gain +100HP or +20 strength. It's really more of a way to keep you busy post-game (intensive grinding).The weapon system is just as stupid. You can level them up as well, the problem is that it takes so long. Once you've invested a sh*tload of cash into your first weapon, you won't want to level up any of the newer weapons you find cause you're so invested in the previous one. Besides, its current stats are better than the newer weapons you've found anyway so what's the point?Maybe Gran Pulse really is this fantastic place that will make me have a more positive attitude about the game and will drown me in money and XP so that I can level up all the weapons to a reasonable degree and break tier 2 of the newly opened trees for every character. Maybe the story will pull out some fantastic sh*t at this point that will really blow me the hell away. But if it took 30 hours for the game to turn around then don't bother. FFXIII has some high production values, but objectively it's hard to call this game good.PS. Sazh is such a cool guy. I think everyone who's played this game agrees that Sazh is awesome. And Lightning's a pretty cool and likable protagonist.too bad the game's mediocre. It's not terrible, it's just really lack luster and, honestly, a waste of time. That's honestly the first game I've ever said that of that I think PERFECTLY captures it's 'spirit'Final Fantasy XIII: a waste of time -Cpt. Moist PantiesEdit-finished the game. The 'open-world' portion consists of doing missions that are simple 'go defeat this monster' grindfests. The ending is a 'happily ever after' type that doesn't actually explain what the ♥♥♥♥ the characters actually did to save the world. They throw a lot of the plot out the window for a bad ''lights started shinning and the world was saved because there were a lot of shiny lights'' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It actually made me hate the game cause a lot goes unanswered. Fu*k this. I mean, seriously, fu*k this game. I totally don't want conclusions to my plots with explenations. If there's a shiny light show and people hug it out at the end and say 'we did it' that's totally good enough and I don't need to actually have questions answered. Hey, they were under threat of being turned to crystal for eternity, and they did for a total of three seconds. Then they broke out of it with the perfect explanation being 'yay us!'. I hate this game so damn much. If this game was a child I'd orphan the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198038080551,Recommended,292120,14311834,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,sakuraatje,"I went in with zero expectations. I heard it wasn't a true Final Fantasy, the story was confusing, the controls are ridiculous and so on. But it was finally available on pc and it bore the name Final Fantasy so what the heck, I bought it. And I'm very glad I did.First of the world looks simply gorgeous. Everything is a joy to see and nothing is the same. Sure, nowadays we expect everything in HD and this is not, but I could care less. The graphics are simply awesome. Zero complaints here.Secondly, the story isn't that confusing at all. Sure, in the beginning you go what in the name of insanity is going on, but it all becomes clearer the further you get in the game. For me it was an incentive to keep playing because I wanted to know what it was with Vanille, the whole stuff and more. Neither does the story progress very linear. It may seem that way because you traverse linear places, everything's a hallway basically, but you jump pretty much everywhere. The linear hallways didn't bother me either, but that's probably more due to the fact I always get lost on world maps and find three other places before I find the one I need. Once you're on Gran Pulse the linearity decreases in the field as well.Thirdly, the battlesystem was great. You're not exactly controlling all your characters anymore, but you still have some flexibility. Two of your team do whatever the heck they want, but within their role you assign them and you have total control over your team leader. Not to mention, you can switch jobs in the middle of battle. It makes for some great versatility and no more useless healers unable to do anything but sit back and enjoy the show.The game is really easy to control too. I played with keyboard and mouse and the controls were really easy to learn, though I did remap the pause button. Just remember that spacebar works like enter and you're fine.Fifthly, the game made me fall in love with the characters. They were well done, had motives and grew over the course of the game. They are far from flat and their interactions are fun to watch.I do have some complaints though. First of, Snow takes an incredibly long time to stop exclaiming he's a hero. I heard you the first thousand times Snow. Secondly, Vanille makes some definitely dubious sounds. My major gripe though is the money issue. Where's the gil? I spent most of the time completely broke. You don't get money from defeating enemies, so you'd better start beating every PSICOM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you see and then some, and hope they drop loads of incentive chips and credit chips to sell.In the end, is it a true Final Fantasy game? Heck if I know. What makes a game Final Fantasy anyway? It does have a depressing lack of moogles, but the Chocobo chick Sazh carries around more than makes up for that."
76561198021421701,Recommended,292120,21873895,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,dattebayo,"This is my first FF game, i never saw any, read about any, i actually not even known much about it, all i known was this game from japan, this is some kind of rpg, and this game for consoles, thats all. After i have finished the story and almost all side quests i started to search about FF universe and another games, i also tryed some more FF games, not so many so far, FF13-2 FF13-3 Type 0 and FF4, just to compare this game with others, because lot of true FF fans just hate this game, so i was just wondered why. Well i saw lot of bad reviews with one main ""problem"" like they said, this game is too far different from FF universe, well i can say nothing about it, i repeat this is my first experience in FF, but i can say a lot of good things about this game.1. First of all graphic, i was really shocked, its just amasing, i didnt skip any cutscenes (about 8-10h ^^ even when i killed last bost and watched final cutscene, was another last boss after that and like 4-5 last scenes more, and then true final boss with true final cutscene), it looks very colorful and beaty, this game was originaly released in 2009-2010, and i tryed it in 2016. Graphic not main plus of this game, it just first thing i noticed2. Story. well first 5h i think i just didnt get any facking minds about story, it was not even hard to understand, it just was like im playing it on japan, all i could say about story was 2 words: l'cie and Fal'cie. But after some time i realised whats going on (tnx to database) and was really inspired, its not that unique, it has same ""rules"" with same words like ""love"" ""never"" ""together"" ""forever"" and so on, whatever i liked it much, and one of reason because of music.3. Soundtrack. i already have favorites songs like ""dust to dust"", or ""snow theme"" or ""Archylte Steppe theme"". but most excited thing about music in this game is facking right track in facking right moment, really sometimes smiley sometimes lonely, but alwasy in right time and right place. for me one of this moment was when u first visited oerba and dust to dust song was playing, wet eyes4. Characters, and ofc perfect woman - beatch LIGHTNING, first i hated Snow much and ofc always crying Hope, but later in game i just couldnt imagine someone instead of anyone of the group, again was just perfect summ from both procs and cons, all chars will say typical♥♥♥♥♥♥in their dialogs, bla bla bla forever ever never whatever, but its just nice gang, at least i was enjoed while was with them, and btw for me vanille just a little bit high, not autism like all haters saying, and high woman its just fun. oneworddescribe Lightning - beatch/(or perfect, just same to me). Snow - ""hero"", Hope - woman/child, Sazh - black (no offence, no rasism, just one always must be black, because of rules, i repeat for me no matter even if they all were black, jsut fun to watch another game or movie where everyone white, but at least one must be for sure black, god tnx his son at least black too) Vanille - high, Fang - vanille's friend (show me you friends and i will tell about you, right?)5. Gameplay, talking about battle mechaincs now - so im not really that good in any strateges rts or turn based, not only i hate strateges, but it seems they hate me too, so i was really afraid of this here. Well for my pleasure gameplay is weird, i mean its not true turn based, and not true real time, i dont even know how to call it correct, just google it ^^. And when u not in battle u just moving straight forward from battle to battle. there is some kind of open world in post game, but whole game yes its linear, just regular walk from battle to battle through stroy cutscenes, but i cant say its bad, at least in this game. And also u will use 1 button always, yes its true this game is onebutton but only before first mob which kill you, well and even after u will still almost always use one button - auto attack, yes mob it wont be boss who KOed you first. But its not slasher with combos and etc, all u will need to do is figure out paradigms and equipment for this battle and correctly switch it during battle. For me at end it really remind just puzzle.6. Leveling system,♥♥♥♥♥♥yes i love it, its simple u cant screw it and then create new game just because of your inta was not enough for casting golems.... for me its perfect, u dont need at least read freaking guides about BEWARE ABOUT STAT POINTS SON7. I said at the begining not graphic main plus of this game, what is main u ask, i think all, i mean its not just graphic with some sountrack and so on in my list, i think all these things are just common but all they made this game perfect TOGETHER FOREVER WHATEVERPS: if u need cons feel free to just find red review in store page"
,Recommended,292120,21664163,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Diomeza,10/10
,Recommended,292120,34714657,Posted: 3 September,all,🔪CЯΛZЏ ЯΞΛPΞЯ🔪,Final Fantasy 13 is an excellent example of how JRPG's can evolve into more action-based genres and succeed. The story is simple and easy to understand and you can easily emphasize with the characters and their plights. The battle system requires a large amount of tactics and forethought before rushing headlong into battle with overpowered characters that kill everything in one hit.
,Not Recommended,292120,28587057,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,StarrahAnn,"Man, I realy wanted to love this game. I love the story, just not the fighting. It's so boring."
,Recommended,292120,15359780,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DuckterQuackWebMD,"A solid rpg but not one without issues. The game is pretty much one giant linear corridor for the first 20-30 hours. The game doesn't even seem to try and hide it with no real towns or buildings along the way until like 10-15 hours in. However, the combat is very fun and unique compared to other turn based games as it includes a huge amount of real time combat elements and the game gets quite challenging despite a slow start. The combat also works suprising well with a keyboard and mouse. I played through the entire game with kb+m despite believing initially that I would need a controller to play. Customization could be deeper but is still there. Graphics are excellent for a console port and the story is very interesting. However, there are some noticeable port issues despite the fixes the implemented. There are still very few graphics option. I also got random framedrops in some overworld areas despite playing on a 780 ti with 16 gigs of ram and an i7 4790k. It seems the framerate drops were totally random and seemed to mostly occur when there was very little occuring on the screen compared to where you would normally expect frame drops, in the larger more open areas later in the game and in combat.7/10"
76561198050700468,Recommended,292120,22769716,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ch3kkiT,"i had no experience with other final fantasies, but i still bought it when it was on sale because i kinda like these fantasy worlds. i can't really say the character design or storyline was incredible, but they were decent. the game really captivated me though. the different landscapes looked great and some of the videos were top-notch enabling me to really get into that world. i don't regret buying it and plan on buying another one"
76561198263677985,Recommended,292120,22392831,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Yoonkean,"The gameplay is too straight forward, makes it different from the other FF games. I guess the developers focused too much on the graphics and not the storyline but overall its okay."
,Recommended,292120,22628634,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Luke,Great game. Had it on the PS3 - the PC version looks so much better with unscaled models and 60fps.
,Recommended,292120,14919118,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mich-666,"Contrary to what some naysayers says I definitely recommend this game. It has compelling emotional story, fun and challenging combat mechanics and it has really nice graphics (with one of the most beautiful sceneries I've seen in the game). Some say that this game is one long tunnel ride and they would be right but it's because everything is very story-driven and that's something of appeal to me. And what's more - half-way through it this tunnel opens up into large explorable valley full of hidden areas (you can explore this even after end of the game to find tons of hidden secrets). The game also has interesting item upgrading system that adds some flavor to choose of your equipment. Game mechanics opens up gradually, slowly adding more and more complexity to everpresent fights (some of which are very tough).Yes, there sure were some low-points in storytelling but one have to remember this is the story of hope and overcoming weakness and see it for its themes and as kind of fairy-tale. There were some emotional, beautiful and touching moments that were really worth it. Lore is very complicated though and without regularly reading everything in Datalog you may be lost. In the end I enjoyed this from first to final fight and I'll never regret that I bought this. If you can, play this with japanese VO though as it has a lot more depth in comparison with weaker english."
76561198121113370,Recommended,292120,14928078,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Aeternum Horizon,"Final Fantasy XIII is practically my first Final Fantasy game in the core series (I started with Tactics Advanced, and then the DS version of Crystal Chronicles). It's a pretty old game, but it has all of the classic things found in practically all Final Fantasy games.The gameplay is fairly linear for the majority of the game, so this leads to endless grinding and long corridors. You've got six characters to play around with, and luckily, whenever you earn XP, all characters get that amount regardless if they were in the battle or not. With the right team setup, you can mash the A button and get through battles in a few seconds, but boss battles might require you to pay a bit more attention since you'll need to juggle healing and defense on top of your attacks.This does get boring after a short while, but if you can brave past the 20 hour tutorial (yep, it's that long), you'll find yourself on Gran Pulse, practically the only non-linear part of the game. When you first arrive on Gran Pulse, you'll meet a few overpowered monsters that you'll have to avoid, but thankfully, you'll know just by looking at their size. You'll still be grinding a lot, but there's plenty of missions to track down and defeat a particular monster(s) that'll sometimes grant you some cool items.You're free to choose how you want to level up your characters, whether it's by class (Commando, Ravenger, Medic, Sentinel, Synergist, or Saboteur) or by stats/abilities. Each character has 3 primary character classes that you can level up through rather quickly, and the remaining 3 can be leveled up a bit slower later on in the game. Weapons and accessories can also be upgraded, although you really don't have a need to do this until the latter half of the game.Overall, this game is most definitely a Final Fantasy game. Battles are a mix of turned-based and real-time strategy, and the getting through this game will set you up for the sequel (which is way better in only the first few minutes). Sure, there's a few cliches, and the game can be tough to get through in the first 20 hours, but if you like Final Fantasy, or just wanted to see what a game in the series is like, this one is definitely one to check out."
,Recommended,292120,14428839,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,-PEves-,"+ The graphics in cutscenes are amazing.+ The characters are loveable.+ There is full voice acting.+ The story is pretty good. It isn't as awesome as FFVII or FFX in my opinon, but good none the less.There are a few very minor negative things as well:- There is a character with a really awful made up accent! When she talks she is annoying to listen to at times.- There are a few story elements that have made up names with complicated pronounciations and we don't know much about these things so when the characters talk about them especially when they talk about them all at the same time it gets extremely confusing and hard to figure out what on earth they are talking about.- There are 2 modes of gameplay, Normal and Easy. Normal IS Easy. I don't see why they have mode options.- Unlike some of the prettier Final Fantasy games that have lavish terrain that is flourishing with life, this game has you in a dark hellish looking place at the start and up to the point I have made it to I have not seen any environments that are pleasing to the eye, for the most part. Don't get me wrong, the dark hellish environments have a lot of detail about them and they are well done. I suppose it is probably designed that way on purpose to create a sort of dark atmosphere, but I am left wondering if we will see any nice looking areas with green plants, and things. Such things don't even exist as far I am aware up until now.- The one thing that bugs me more than any other thing in this game is the Esc. key. when I hit it I don't get a menu. I get a windows dialog box that pops up with a classic windows ""DING"" alert that says ""Are you sure you want to quit? Yes / No""  And you have to use Tab > Enter to select No to contiue playing. Every single time I try to open a menu I get this stupid popup in its place. Every PC game known to this Earth uses Escape to open the pause menu. This game decides to screw with us and make it the E key.Over all, I would have to say I am pleased with this title. In my opinion it is the best in the series since FFX-2.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,292120,25874003,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Yodason,"This game got a lot of hate when it first came out thanks to the serious issues it had with player freedom. The first 15-20 hours are spent in a series of extremely linear areas where you can't even choose your party members. First impressions aren't great.But after the questionable opening chapters the game really opens up. It gives you lots of places to explore and vicious monsters to fight(or run away from while shouting NOPE!). The combat system is interesting as it's a combination of turn based and real time mechanics and works very well.One advantage of the linear opening chapters is that it gives the game a chance to develop a very good story. It revolves around beings known as Fal'Cie. Imagine if the Reapers from Mass Effect were powered by magic and you're kinda on the right track. Won't go further as I'll probably cross into spoiler territory. Since this is Final Fantasy you've still got melodrama, cheesy dialogue and annoying characters but nothing unbearable. They probably could've found a better way to introduce the world and the story that didn't involve drip feeding it to you for 20 hours but there we go.The many hours you'll have to spend to get to the ""real"" game will probably put a lot of people off. But if you can push through it you'll find a very entertaining game"
76561198230128120,Recommended,292120,28428474,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CountingKills,"Far better than FF XII, nice mix of real time and by turn gameplay, great graphic and videos and an amazing storyline....totally one of my favorites FF's so far (topped only by X)."
,Recommended,292120,21250157,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"It's a good game. Not as good as the old classics, but kinda fun. Looks gorgeous too."
,Recommended,292120,23811011,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Xelloss124,Good game! Fighting system is something new in FF series.
,Recommended,292120,20570425,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Trifroze,"FF13 probably has one of the slowest starts in a video game, not giving you full control of your party or what each character can do until you're around 20 hours in, and most of it essentially consists of running through corridors. The mechanics really start to shine once the game is running on full cylinder though, so much so that I'll have to say FF13 competes for the most interesting battle mechanics I've personally experienced, with a solid equipment upgrading system to go with as well. On the other hand the characters and the story are uninteresting and forgettable, and the PC port has considerable framerate issues pretty much regardless of what you're running. The visuals are pretty though, and the soundtrack is good.The battles in the game use a variation of the ATB (Active Time Battle) system, in which you have a recharging gauge that has a number of bars, and each action consumes a certain amount of said bars, usually one. Enemies have different elemental weaknesses and are susceptible to different debuffs, and buffs/debuffs actually make a considerable difference in FF13. Each enemy also has a stagger bar which, once filled, will cause them to essentially become ragdolls for a short period of time, and the more you build up their stagger bar, the more damage they take. The most important and also the most interesting mechanic in the game is the Paradigm system, giving each of your three active battle members six different roles that they can take, each having their own benefits and ATB actions. Commando does the most damage, Ravager builds up the enemy's stagger bar quickly, Sentinel decreases the damage you receive by a considerable amount and lets you draw the enemy's attacks and tank their hits, Saboteur is for debuffs, Synergist is for buffs, and Medic is for healing. You can make several very relevant combinations of these, letting you set six of them at a time, and on many bosses you really have to figure out which ones to go with and when to quickly switch between each.The equipment system in FF13 is also satisfying. Every character can equip up to four accessories and there are several useful ones that you can combine to really increase the potent of your characters, such as an accessory that reduces your entire damage intake by 20%, or accessories that considerably boost your strength or magic. All weapons and accessories have levels that you can increase by using any materials on them, and once maxed you can transform them into better versions of their particular line with a specific catalyst item. This process can be quite costly especially when it comes to upgrading weapons, and finding out effective ways to make the required money even before you're late into the game can make a big difference. The system is pretty simple but just complex enough, and it's satisfying to upgrade your items once you've finally managed to get some decent resources together.There are 64 side missions for you to complete, all of which involve a special monster or a combination of those for you to hunt down. Many of these are some of toughest battles in the game so they force you to get yourself together and learn the game, nicely complementing the battle mechanics and equipment upgrade systems of FF13. While the game does have a fast travel system, it's a bit limited, and some of these missions will force you to run around more than you'd often like.Get this game for its solid mechanics, not the story. While the PC port is poorly executed, I still have to recommend it for its humble full price of 13€ at the time of writing this. FF13 a good game with some very strong points and some considerable shortcomings."
,Recommended,292120,13874357,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rektless,"Let's just start by saying I have played every other Final Fantasy before this one except 9 and 11. I feel I need that preface so I don't get a lot of crap from crazy FF fans that dislike this game.With that out of the way, I'll write as much of a review as I feel is needed for this game.I want to start by saying that with all the hate and bashing going on around this game, I put off playing it for YEARS because I never heard a good thing about it. It wasn't until I saw a stream of it that I decided I should play it. After having actually played the game, I have one question:Why do people dislike this game so much?The story is incredible, if a little difficult to follow. The combat and gameplay is actually better than in FFX due to the return of real-time battling, and to top it off the game actually hascharacter development. There is an actual story to this game that keeps you engrossed in it, characters that actually have life, and smooth gameplay and graphics that don't leave you wishing there was something else in it.So where is all of this unfounded hate coming from?If it's because of the linear nature of the game, maybe you just didn't spend enough time playing it. Without spoiling anything, once you get far enough along, the game opens up to a whole world of sidequests. Until that point, which, to be fair, isprettyfar in, yes, the game is incredibly linear and not very open to exploration. People that dislike linear gameplay for lengthy periods of time may be the reason this game has many negative reviews.Continuing on that point, maybe it's the characters that people dislike? Well, if you continue playing the game, the characters really start fleshing out. One in particular, Hope, is... well, he's a weenie. A really big pansy. However throughout the game he toughens up and actually becomes quite the contributing character. I rather enjoyed seeing something like that coming from a final fantasy game, where the characters are usually figured out at the start and the story kind of revolves around them.Perhaps it's the systems that people hate? Well, the leveling system is reminiscent of the sphere grid from FFX, which I know got a lot of flak since it didn't follow traditional leveling systems. This system really isn't any different. You gain experience  (or CP in this case), figure out where you want it to go, then spend it moving forward in the class of your choice. To that end, the game actually offers some customization of characters, but once again, it takes a while to get to that point, and when you do you're basically already stuck with the main classes you started out with. This is basically the biggest gear that I had to grind with this game. Itreallywants you to stick with the set out course of character classes it has for you, and if you don't want to, you'll have to do atonof grinding.The other system that people may have issues with is the weapon and accessory upgrading system. With this, you can spend items to give your weapons EXP and level them up, to a maximum rating of a star. Once that's done, you spend a catalyst to upgrade the weapon to the next tier. The problem I have with this system is thatevery weapon becomes the same thing when fully upgraded. The only real difference is the passive abilities, which can be obtained from lower tier weapons. The other issue is that you can't fuse weapons to get other passive abilities, you can only use component items to upgrade. The problem here is actually a hugelackof customization, rather than a fair amount. Those who want to 100% completely customize their character (somewhat like you can do with the expert sphere grid in FFX International [or HD]) should probably look to a different game.Overall, I absolutely loved this game. I'd rate it probably an 8/10 mostly due to some gears I had to grind with the characters at the start and some of the systems implemented in the game to keep you from goingtoocrazy with character classes. I'd recommend any fan of more recent final fantasies like 10 and 12 to give it a shot. Hell, even fans of the older games should at least try it. I think rather than just relying on word of mouth, people should experience the game themselves. This game gets a lot of flak for no good reason."
76561198193683727,Recommended,292120,20679307,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,reversepolarity 진리탐구자,"I should preface this review by stating that this is my third complete playthrough of this game (All achievements, sidequests etc.) having played through the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions. I played through the Xbox 360 when it first released back in 2010 and then once again in 2013 for PS3 and just completed another 100 hour playthrough for the PC, putting my life total at around 300 hours for this game. Quite a lot of time I must admit, but I feel this game's story and gameplay (despite some flaws) has great replay value and totally justifies coming back and revisiting the world of Cocoon and Gran Pulse every 2-4 years.One of the main points of contention of this game is the 20-25 hours of travelling in corridors until you arrive at Chapter 11 in the story where the game opens up considerably. But I feel the developers made a wise decision in order to get the player to become emotionally invested in the characters. It's my opinion that if the game opened up completely from the outset, the developers would have had a much harder time trying to develop a cohesive narrative. Nonetheless, if you stick with it, the endgame will keep you quite busy with a myriad of freedom and challenges...you just have to endure 10 chapters of running through corridors.The game truly shines in the combat department and you'll indubitably spend most of your time fighting monsters. It can become quite ""grindy"" trying to gather gil for your huge expenditures endgame, but unlike the aforementioned PS3 and Xbox360 versions I played through, the game allows you to switch over to an ""easy"" mode which greatly increases the drop rate from monsters. This helped me shave hours of my completion time versus the previous versions I played. Also, the combat mode (for the most part) requires your full attention and you have to do more than ""repeatedly press x"" in battles. When I am grinding endgame in other final fantasy titles, I tend to use about 10-20% of my attention in non-boss battles whilst reading or some other non-gaming activity. However, this game will require your full engagement throughout.Other reviewers have expressed the pros and cons quite well so I don't need to reiterate them here. To succintly put it; if you are willing to invest some time in the more trying sections of the first half of this game, I feel it can be a rewarding experience.Update: Due to its nature as being quite misunderstood or ""polarizing"" amongst fans of the Final Fantasy series; I've henceforth nominated as ""Most misunderstood game"" for the upcoming Steam Game Awards."
,Not Recommended,292120,28581608,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tim,"preface: I play the game in offline mode most of the time; actually been playing for over 10 hours as of writingIt's as awful as people say. I don't feel like I have to give many complex reasons. I'll focus on one: the menus in battles.Even the MENUS are sluggish. Essentially, there are no actions that execute after selecting commands from the main combat menu; there is always at least one sub menu. For example, the ""Attack"" command will lead to a sub-menu displaying the ""Attack"" and ""Blitz"" commands. After selecting the command, you then choose from a list of enemies in another sub-menu to target, which finalizes the actions of a leader character until the ATB refills. Even Auto-attack requires you to choose a target.EVERY MENU HAS A LOAD TIME. There is a fancy animation that plays every time a new sub-menu is opened. You can not, say, input a series of commands from the main menu like down-select-select-down-select and know you'll attack with the basic Attack command to the second closest enemy. Instead, you will only get to the first or second sub menu because the game DOES NOT REGISTER INPUTS WHILE NEW SUB-MENUS LOAD. I am explaining this in extreme detail because it is a hard concept to understand; in a menu-based RPG, how can there be periods of dead input between selections? It's because the game wants to play its fancy animations at the detriment to all gameplay. Even the menus need to sparkle and dance for a half-second after each input, making the game's already glacial pace artificially pad in the most inconcievably basic level. Every other FF game I can think of lets you finesse the ATB system by remembering input sequences for oft-used commands. In this game, you have to button mash just to execute an auto attack (when games released before it have a toggle between auto- and manual-battle, this is especially inexcusable; the auto-battle isn't very automatic).tl;dr THE MENUS ARE LAGGY IN AN RPG WITH MENU BASED COMBATI don't wanna write 10 paragraphs about why this game is bad in every detail because it would be an essay. It's just fundamentally, deeply flawed, down to the damn menus.EDIT: I'm coming around on the game, but I won't change my review score.http://etrosgate.com/ffxiii/basic-overviewEssentially, you need to read this in order to understand the battle system. A lot of mechanics are still obfuscated even beyond this guide with no way to clarify them in-game (for example, how much chain guage damage do skills do? you'll have to look it up on the internet!). Having a poorly explained battle system is almost as bad as just having a bad battle system, though.The game's plot also makes more sense than it seems to, but it's horrible at explaining itself in a logical, ordained way. Which is as bad as having a poorly thought out story.So, the game's still very deeply flawed, but I am now (sometimes) enjoying it after indulging my morbid curiosity."
76561198037106496,Recommended,292120,20045803,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,hobnobs,Personnaly enjoyed this game. Well worth the play through. Amazing music and visually pleasing. Only issues for me would be the rather linear storyline as well as the combat system. Give it a shot!
,Recommended,292120,15801385,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vollach,"Just finished the PC Version ofFinal Fantasy XIIIyesterday...Like most FF games, it is massive in scope and require many hours of playing to complete, I will start with a list of pros & cons.Pros:Massive Game, lots of playing hoursGreat CharactersGreat Voice ActingGood StoryExtensive & Quite easy to use level-up systemAmazing GraphicsOverall a very fan game to playCons:You can only control one character during battlesLack of control over Eidolons levels & customizationLack of Eidolons varietySome characters are imbalanced in my opinionSome minor camera bugsBad Keyboard controlsOK, first thing first, the PC version looks amazingly better than the Xbox 360 version of the game, if you're going to play the game I suggest using a game controller like the X360 wireless controller, it makes the game much easier to navigate and control, and much more enjoyable.The characters in FF XIII are very well written & the voice acting is absolutely superb, I found many instances in which I could relate to the characters emotions.The battle system is extensive and elaborate, without the tutorials FF XIII controls will be very difficult to understand for those who play the game for the first time, nevertheless, once you get the hang of it you'll find it to be very fluent, the level system in this game is calledCrystaliumand is basically composed of spherical levels of crystals on a grid with each crystal costing a certain amount of point called CP, it is very extensive and quite easy to understand, it also makes battling enemies more important as that is the only way to gather the points for the level-up system.Overall, it is a well built system that could have been a little better if it included the ability to level up your characters Eidolons as well.The few things I was disapointed with in FF XIII was the ability to control only your party leader in battles, while it makes the battles a little more fluent it removes a lot of the controls and the versatility that existed in many past Final Fantasy games, also, the lack of control over the level & customization of the Eidolons and the limited number of Eidolons in the game are a little disappointing.The game also have some minor camera bugs, mostly at the end of battles when the camera just shakes, it resets as soon as the battle summary screen is shown so it's not a big deal.Overall, Final Fantasy XIII is a very enjoyable and a very good installment to the series and I very much recommend it to Final Fantasy fans."
,Recommended,292120,20275226,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,caelumsixsmith,"+ Great sci-fi fantasy lore+ Great atmosphere+ Great story concept+ Gorgeous designs+ Stunning CGI sequences+ Decent amount of endgame content- Terribly optimized port- Story, lore and characters are not easy to get into- Awkward dialogue- Some uninteresting characters- Flawed battle system- Terrible level designs, takes more than 20h for them to get interesting- Too many pre-rendered sequences (not all are CGI)Verdict: People might actually think that I don't like FFXIII, but it's the other way around. Out of the three from the Lightning Saga, XIII is my favorite because of its atmosphere, lore and world. All the nonsense added in XIII-2 didn't appeal to me (not to mention that the story was far more confusing than XIII's in many aspects) and Nova Chrysalia, while gorgeous and with a stabe lore, didn't feel as great as the original party's fight against fate. XIII has problems though, starting with its extremely linear nature and flawed battle system (which was greatly improved in XIII-2). Don't get me wrong, I don't mind a good linear game and I understand that many previous FFs had a linear nature even though they were open world, but the early level designs of XIII are really just terrible (as many would put it, ""it's like being on rails""). The story and lore can also be a problem for some people as they're not easy to get into. The story requires a lot of interpretation, while much of the lore is hidden behind datalog entries. General FF fans are not used to either as previous entries in the franchise were pretty straightforward with their stories and didn't have a very deep lore, or at least not deep enough to require a detailed explanation through walls of text. The last problem is that the game is just too big for Western Steam users. A 50GB download is absurd for a game this old, which shouldn't be necessary because many of the pre-rendered cutscenes could run on the engine if Square Enix made the effort. Alternatively, they should've provided the Japanese VOs as a free DLC.All in all, is not that easy of a game to get into and newcomers may need the help of other players and/or wikia to understand what's going on. If you play this without being spoiled by haters and can get over its performance issues (which are not as bad as XIII-2's, but are still there), it's a hell of a game with high production values. Fans of sci-fi fantasy might find the lore appealing and the environments, breathtaking."
76561198040939150,Not Recommended,292120,12506547,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[Linux] Falsenames,"There is a ""yes"" and a ""no"" rating...  why no ""meh"" rating?I do enjoy the game, and it runs well on my desktop (I appear to be vaguely lucky there).  I really only have two complaints, but it is enough that I wouldn't have purchased the game had I known this in advance.  I'm definitely waiting on FFXIII-2 and FFLR to see if they also have the same issues on the PC.1) 60GB for the game?  That is ridiculously massive, and there is no way I'd be able to store all three games on my main drive and have much room for anything else.  Even for those not running off of SSDs and have space, that is a long time spent downloading one game.2) No options to tune the graphics.  I know a lot of people are complaining about the lack of 1080p, but the game still looks pretty good at 720p.  I'd say it is much more close of a port of the XBOX360 version than the PS3 version, which makes sense considering the platform.  Regardless, it would be nice to tone down some of the options to play on lower end computers.  The framerate was terrible on my gaming laptop, and I had to give up on trying to play there."
76561198077234778,Not Recommended,292120,12512304,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,NightDancer,"I am sorry Square Enix, but i have to write this.Ill be short. I love Final Fantasy and i was waiting for FF 13 as a small child.Im not gonna mention the graphic and the resolution issues, i don play RPGs for graphic.-Pros:1. Its Final Fantasy2. Visuals - awesome3. Cinematics - awesome4. Combat - awesome , new , fresh, chalanging5. Music - awesome, Final Fantasy standard6. Linear - yes u heard me. I did know the game will be linear and i bought it. Its like u watch an interactive movie.7. Very good menu control with mouse. Left click right click-Cons (spoilers)1. Console based - u move like moroon, u cant go where u want, invisible walls2. Linear - Yes LINEAR even the DIABLO is linear and u can go for ♥♥♥♥ing side quests. Here is nothing. Sometimes i havefeel thet the game plays itself. U have no control. U cant even go 5 meters to the side. U are in linear tunnel. Its like a railroad game3. No towns, no shops u just go straight forward.4. 10 chapters of the game u cant choose your party, and what is worse u cant change your leader. Once u get familiar with your curent party the game takes them from u. The game gives u another memmbers and  doesnt take carap about if u did spend all theyr CP points. You appear straight in the middle of the battle nad noone asks u if u are ready.5 Leveling - the leveling is interesting with one minor issue. Its a total crap. U just add more points and there are no crossroads. Do i wanna go fire magic or do i wanna go water magic. No you just add points and thats it. This is a travesty to the RPG. FF 12 had a great leveling system u could become anything here u will become the fabricated character.6. Level design - There is no level design. There are just textures in different tunnels. Each tunnel has 5-10 battles than ugo to another tunnel. No chests or secrets. When u see an dead end on the map u are sure there will be chest. U cant go anywhere, the game forces u to go only straight forward. ( u can go back obviously:-) )7 - movement - clasic console based - terrible. U cant jump. The game jumps automaticly. U have to aim precisly if u want to go inside some entrance.8 -  and many more...sry guys im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off on Square Enix, that i cant even finish this review. Sry for the gramar too im not english born.OK final result. Im NOT recommending this game. If u never ever played a Final Fantasy game dont even try it, it will disguse you.WHen u are FF fan as me try it, may be u will like it but i warned you.I really wanted to love this game so much but i just cant guys just cant.5/10 its an awerage rpg with great battle system and the worst overall gameplay i ever experienced."
,Not Recommended,292120,12436200,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LeoVincent,Godly 720p on PCUnstable fpsWtf
,Not Recommended,292120,12440048,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sgds,Terrible PC port as of now.
,Recommended,292120,12456730,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Saito,"This Game is like a good Book. It took you by your Hand an guides u through the surprisingly complex Story. Yes it is linear, yes the port is not perfect and it runs on 720p / 60fps, but this smooth. And it looks beautiful, at least in my opinion. Encountered no bugs / problems so far, my Xbox Controller works fine with it and it feels exactly like a Final Fantasy should feel.lots of people are complaining about the combat system and how it isn't ""FF - like"" but i can't agree. Every single FF i've played so far had some unique kind of battle system, so does this one. The fact that u only control one Party member directly and the other two only indirectly makes the combat system not bad. If you want it easy just press auto fight. I's not the first FF with an Auto Fight option. Otherwise coordinate your Abilities and Combat stances by your self and yes, this can be quiet intresting. At least in my Opinion.Personally i don't regret to buy this. Its a only 12€ Game and i've got enough out of it, to get my money valued already.Out there are Triple A 50 -60€ Games that doesn't can do that, at least not for me."
,Recommended,292120,25704243,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Frost フロスト,"I really love Final Fantasy games. Definitely gonna buy the next Final Fantasy series (until I have the money to buy the FFXV *cries in my country). The point is, if you're a Final Fantasy fan, you know you will buy Final Fantasy games for the story, so I kinda accept the 'best corridor simulator games ever' since the story is really entertain me.The cons for me is that you will need a lot of grind once you got to the big map which will need a lot of your time to play it. Overall, I can't expect more or less and I am happy with what I have got.Frost Rating: 8/10"
76561198108675297,Recommended,292120,25804372,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kruger93,"Finished this game twice, really recommend it.Great Graphics, great soundtrack and the story is fun.I recommend to play it with the Japanese audio!A must play for jrpg lovers :)"
,Recommended,292120,32514633,Posted: 17 June,all,theZ,"great game, underrated"
,Recommended,292120,24166184,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,YuriAxl,Envolvent story and good charactersWorth it. I recommend to play this before playing the masterpiece that is Final Finasy XIII-2.
76561198089123952,Not Recommended,292120,12447313,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Justice,실행안되서 환불해달라고 1:1문의 올렸는데 이틀지나도 답변이 없네요확인해보시고 환불부탁드립니다
,Not Recommended,292120,23916829,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,cheleball,"The first half of this game is more of an interactive movie than a game. That's not such a bad thing, I like interactive movies, but I can see how it would turn most people off.The story is even pretty good, at first. It's an interesting exploration of loss and grief. In first few hours of the game, a group of people is granted tremendous magical powers, but at a terrible price. They lose their freedom, their family, their future, and their place in society. They become outcasts and pariahs, and the military/police have orders to shoot them on sight.Sounds like a pretty compelling setup, right? I thought so. I got sucked in. Even though the areas were all linear and the battle system was dull, I got sucked in. I regret it now, because the story eventually fell apart. Most of the characters' arcs and key moments were bungled. Sazh is an exception, but he wasn't enough to carry the others' dead weight. In true anime fashion, the world made less sense as more of it was revealed, and the twist at the final battle was just idiotic.Eventually, the interactive movie takes a break, and you are dumped into an open world. Neat, right? Except there isn't anything all that compelling to DO out there, and the story kind of takes a break as well. It's boring as hell. It's the section everyone touts as the game's saving grace, and I didn't enjoy it at all. Maybe if I liked the battle system, it would have been a different story, but I really didn't.The battle system works differently than most other RPGs. It doesn't really concern itself with the minutia of players attacking. You can micromanage their actions if you really want to, but you quickly learn that the best results are achieved by mashing the auto-battle and letting the computer sort it out. The paradigm (mode) a character is in determines what attacks are available. So your job is to assemble characters with the right combination of abilities and switch their paradigms at key moments.Again, this could have been interesting, but it wasn't. Most battles are easily won with a simple pattern of paradigms, all the while mashing A as fast as the menu animations allowed. Worse, the equipment system is unorthodox and not at all explained, and it doesn't seem to matter for most of the game. Only certain boss fights and monsters in the open world were even challenging, making equipment upgrades unnecessary for most of the game.Even the visuals were a mixed bag. Some were gorgeous, and some were blah. The one bright spot is the prerendered cut scenes, which are very pretty and quite entertaining. The music is also a mixed bag, sometimes amazing and sometimes unremarkable.So, yeah. This game stinks. Save your money and your time."
,Recommended,292120,22950877,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Big Boss,"This is a fun game, I love just about all the Final Fantasy series games, and this one does not dissapoint. However, the PC version was poorly ported... The U.I. is clunky and one wrong botton push would make the game want to quit. Once you get use to the botton layout the game becomes playable. This is the curse PC suffers, when a console game gets ported to PC, its like the developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥or they don't know how to make it work.... So, I said i would recomend this game if this happen to you.Number 1. You had a PS3 but all of a suddent die and now you don't want to waste money on buying a new ps3.Number 2. WHen this game is on sale, I got the game for like 5 dollars or so when there was a steam sale.Number 3, You have a pc controller to play it with... This game with keyboard and mouse is so bad, and one wrong move and you be looking all over the place....Since this two things happen to me and I really wanted to see the end of the game I got it. However DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE FOR IT. It is not worth it. Wait until is on sale OR you could just wait until it gets a remake for PS4 as the HD edition....and then you will have a functional game. But then you will probably have to pay like 50 dollars for it..."
76561198076851655,Not Recommended,292120,14172215,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Vorshin,"Game will not work without a game controller (certain type).Says Mouse/Keyboard but it has a constant stutter every second, not just on movie sequences but the entire game. So far the only way to stop this is to have a game controller plugged in which is anywhere from £40-70.Is the game worth that cost, I have to say hell no."
76561198030615515,Recommended,292120,16846035,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Kazuo Kiriyama,Story 10/10Gameplay 10/10Graphics 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Performance 10/10i7 4790k 4.00ghz8gb ramgtx 980 ti
76561198066924732,Recommended,292120,12514505,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,valllefor,"Great game,even with the linear gameplay, has a good history and great caracters."
,Not Recommended,292120,35333684,Posted: 30 September,all,Tricky,"played my way through all the final fantasy games now, and this story is a sob story (dont get me wrong all the final fantasy stories are). the combat system should be drowned then given mouth to mouth just to bring it back so i can set it on fire!and it takes forever for the acctual gameplay to start. i will finish this game out of principal of not liking to spend money on games i wont finish, but i will hate eery second of it (might get better, but right now it's close to unplayable after 20hours even)"
,Recommended,292120,14412883,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,stefnhawkn-Daddys Home,"As a older gamer whos played through most of the final fantasy series minus the mmo's and 13. I bought this game this past weekend during the sale. Bought part 1 and 2 of ff 13.What i liked:1. Graphics2. Story has always been out there with square enix and Final fantasy games. Thats what draws me to them. Love it.3. High level production and cinematics. Imagine ff 15 when it comes out.4. A nice game to lose yourself in for hours.5. Price was 16 bucks i believe for 2 parts , well worth the price.What i disliked:1. When i was not using my logitech gamepad i had so many issues with keyboard and mouse in game i really wanted to punch my screen at times. The game or window would act funny when i tried to windows key out while playing in windowed mode, really? I had to order a logitech f310 gamepad to play this game comfy.2. Size. I know they packed in a lot of sounds and cinematics but a option to which version we prefer would be nice.3. Controller options are limited to what you can do from what i can tell so far, this is 2015 and on pc. A lot of hardcore PC gamers were looking forward to Square Enix games to dive into and we ran into fps caps, limited controller options etc. Even though we have more graphical options than before some of the little things should be adressed.Over all my experience with this game while its working is awesome. Looks great plays smooth etc. My advice to Square Enix is i expect a lot more from you than just a port over from console. PC runs things higher and have better standards for what they expect. Please dont release anything you havent put your time into and then patch it. Thats something Ubi Soft does and youre better than that. I will buy theother ff games when they come on sale again because i am a devoted fan over the years but will not support the new stuff unless its tip top.extended paragraph after beating the game: I enjoyed the game. Story wise i think they stretched the ending too much. I have no idea what happened honestly i just wanted to see where they ended up knowing i had a second part to play. Over all the story gets good through chapter 11-13. I apreciate the cinematics and graphics in this game...What they need to add is a way to reset your skill points. I feel if someone goes in uneducated with classes and is guns blazing head deep they can build there chars wrong to the point that i think they will have issues in boss fights."
,Not Recommended,292120,21738281,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,aFullmetalTaco,"Don't buy this game if you dislike stuttering or frame drops. I have a good computer, but this game sutters really bad. I've looked online and it effects a lot of people.  I wish developers were less lazy with ports like this.  I saw there is a trick you can do involving unplugging a controller, starting the game, closing the game, then plugging in a controller and starting the game again.  But that hasn't worked for me.  You shouldn't have to go through that trouble to play a game, anyways."
76561197968083380,Not Recommended,292120,12427196,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Petco,"(Important Note - The game is a barebones port and has barely any graphical options and is locked to 1280x720 resolution. You can force a few graphical settings through Nvidia Control Panel or AMD Catalyst though.)(Update - It seems a lot of people have problems with game looking really bad. I recommended it originally because the game looked nice on my end without any tweaking but it seems to be not the case for everyone. If you don't mind trying to tweak the settings in Nvidia Control Panel or AMD Catalyst, the game can look really good and I do recommend it but otherwiseI definitely say you should wait for a patch to the game before buying. ASquare Enix developer said they are looking into adding more resolution options and potentially more graphical options. Until then, I don't recommend it unless you don't mind playing with Nvidia Control or AMD Catalyst settings which may or may not work for everyone.)For me, I used Nvidia Control Panel, go to ""Manage 3D Settings"" and click the ""Program Settings"" tab and click ""Add"" and select ""Final Fantasy XIII"" (and make sure it is selected when you are changing the settings, ""don't use the mousewheel"" as you may accidentally move to other programs).It seems the major settings which help is to set""Texture filtering - Negative LOD bias"" to ""Allow""and""Anisotrpic filtering"" to ""16x"" (or at least 4x)and""Anisotropic sample optimization"" to ""Off"". A few other options is""Power Manager Mode - Prefer maximum performance""(this should fix FMV stuttering in case you have it). A few other settings that may help are""Antialiasing - FXAA"" to ""On"", ""Antialiasing - Setting"" to the highest values.""Antialiasing - Mode"" to ""Override any application settings"".""Texture filtering - High Quality"".It seems the major setting though is make sure""Texture filtering - Negative LOD bias"" is set to ""Allow""and""Anisotropic sample optimization"" set to ""Off"". Try playing with the settings in Nvidia Control Panel or AMD Catalyst to see if any of those settings help. Those are the settings I use and the game looks great.Due to a lot of potential settings fiddling, I don't recommend the game yet until Square-Enix releases more graphical options, which a developer said they are looking into. The main issue though is the lack of resolution settings and borderless windowed mode (plus sound settings).(If you don't mind it and really want to play FFXIII, you can fiddle with the settings and the game can look great but I still recommend you wait for an official patch for the game before buying, especially if it is your first time playing it since it'll be best to wait until FFXIII is at its best before trying.)(Older Review Below.)A few important things to know before buying and/or playing the game:1. The PC port is bare but if you want to play FFXIII and don't have a console, it's decent and playable.There is no borderless windowed mode (only just one regular windowed mode which you can't resize). You also can't set the resolution or change any display settings besides full screen and windowed. Game is also locked to 1280x720 resolution but the devs said they are looking into it and potentially add a patch to allow scaling to other resolutions.My monitor and desktop resolution is natively at 1920x1080 and the game still looks fairly decent at 1280x720 (my Nvidia control settings is set to scale full screen games in Aspect Ratio mode under ""Adjust desktop size and position"" settings, for those with Nvidia cards - So the game plays without black borders).2. The PC version really lacks a lot of customization settings. For example, you can only change a few keybinds (not all of them). You can't change certain keybinds like the cancel button (it's Backspace my default and it seems you can't change it). This is sort of a big deal since you'll be using the cancel button a lot (going out of menus, going out of the map, etc), so you'll have to get used to using that key a lot. Also, don't accidentally press esc or you will exit the game without any confirmation.Update - I noticed you can use the mouse. I set ""H"" to Pause"" and ""T"" to ""View Enemy Intel"" and ""Tab"" for Paradigm Shift / use Shrouds. ""Open Area Map"" is set to ""4"" (these are settings under Keyboard config in game). With Mouse, I can use WASD for movement + Cursor and ""left click"" for ""confirm"" and ""right click"" for cancel and I can use the mouse for camera.I highly recommend playing the game with a controller but I have gotten used to the keyboard controls after 2 hours of play, so even if you don't have a controller it's not too bad (justdon't accidentally press ""Esc"" or else it exits the game without saving). Most of the keys can be rebound though.The keys you can't rebind are the camera (Numberpad), the cancel button (Backspace), the confirm button (Enter), movement (WASD), and cursor (arrow keys or WASD).Besides that, the game really runs well and I haven't really noticed any problems. Just a few things to note (you can get used to the keyboard controls easily but it does take some time to get used to).It is a bare bones port but I haven't noticed any errors and the frame rate is smooth for me, so it is playable.My computer specs are:Windows 7Intel Core i5-3750k8GB RAMGTX 750TINow on to the game itself:3. It is recommended you set the default battle command to ""Ability"" and not ""Auto-Battle"" (under settings).While this won't make the game that much deeper, it can make the gameplay a lot more interactive and fun if you input the commands manually rather than selecting Auto-Battle. Of course there are times when you can use Auto-Battle and it can remove the tedium of having to manually select or use abilities (especially later in the game or when you just want to apply a bunch of debuffs quickly). For most cases though, it is definitely a lot more fun (especially in the early game when there's not as many abilities) if you select the abilities manually rather than using Auto-Battle.Personally this made the game a lot more fun for me.4. The game is really linear and there's almost no customization until near the very end of the game. You only control one character at once and you cannot switch between characters mid battle (FFXIII-2, you can switch between characters mid battle but you still only control one at a time). Plus, you only have two characters with you for the majority of the game and you are limited to three paradigm roles per character for most of the game too. Finally, while the summons are visually impressive in this game, they are really impractical to use and aren't all that viable in the majority of battles (at most, you can get a few free attacks in but it's nothing like the previous Final Fantasy games where you can use summons as much as you want). There are a few viable strategies involving summons later in the game but it still isn't as fun or usable as in the previous Final Fantasy games.However, if you don't mind the above and if you are are prepared for lots of cutscenes and dialogue, then you'll probably enjoy the game. I've known about this before I played FFXIII and I definitely enjoyed the game a lot despite those facts.Near the end of the game, there are a lot of optional bosses and enemies you can fight and there's a bit more customization. Plus, the battles (some of them) are a lot fun and fast paced too.Taking note of the above - If the linearity of the game, lack of customization, and the numerous amount of cutscenes don't scare you away, then you'll probably enjoy the game. It is around a 20-40 hour game (20 hour game if you skip all the optional stuff near the end of the game) and it is probably over a 70 hour game if you want to get all the achievements and fight all the optional bosses as well as max out all accessories and ultimate weapons."
76561198009733059,Not Recommended,292120,12436696,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Serbakk,"Casual Fantasy XIII or Corridor Simulator XIII. The J-RPG genre went astray. Completed straight when it first came out in 360, but I can't continue further this time:--Little to no spoilers---Flat and childish characters (Sazh is the only credible man in the game, and he still is a worse version of Barret -background, story and battle wise).-Super convoluted story. S-E ""tryharded"" too much and ended with a bunch of nonsense premises.-0 difficulty and near to 0 customization makes this game boring. If you die you can restart right before the battle, the character stat/skills development is castrated and unlocks progressively because narrative reasons. No random battles, but level programmed -and easily avoidable- battles instead. You don't even need to shop until you are 30 hours into the game, etc...-Poor level design in terms of gameplay. Long corridors with short branches that always lead you to treasures.-Eidolons and weapons. Everything in this damn game is a Transformer. That's one of the worst ideas I've ever seen, not in a FF, but the entire RPG genre. The game suffers from that. ""-Hey guys, what about the MC wears a blade? -Hey, better, what about a compact gun-blade? And Odin can morph into a horse too! EPIC!"".-Combat is dynamic, but repetitive and unrewarding. The stagger system brings something but it isn't enough.-The class system in this game is done badly. There is no Physical class and Magic class, just non-elemental mixed attacker and elemental mixed attacker. Then there is a full healer, full tank, full support and full disrupter.-PRESSING ""ESC"" BUTTON CLOSES THE GAME. FOR REAL? I MEAN, F-O-R R-E-A-L.There's a bunch of things i won't criticize because I tilt too much; let's talk about the goodies.+Beautiful grapichs, even now they are somewhat charming and impressive. Nice scenarios, good character face details. I don't like the context nor the futuristic setting, but that is too personal to be relevant.+The OST fitted the game perfectly and has some of the best tracks of the series and pretty much every theme is enjoyable. He's not Nobuo Uematsu, but Masashi Hamauzu performed.+If you survive the early and mid game, the game becomes not-so-terrible. Some sidequests and challenging battles open in the majestic Gran Pulse."
,Not Recommended,292120,12437328,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,@mikkuaria,"Its a good 15$ port.Ive owned it on PS3 before so the 720p lock didnt bother me at all,but its still as bad as I remember it.I thought Id give it a chance,Hold forward on your analog stick and youll eventually reach the end of the game.The battle system is that one shining light I can say was really well thought out,not too complex by giving you access to a lot of tactics with few buttons to press,not too bland that it keeps you interested.but the Characters,the plot,and the linearity of the overall game will kill everything else for you.ITS NOT A BAD GAME,but save your 15$ for an RPG that will actually give you motivation to keep playing till the end."
,Not Recommended,292120,12440191,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,jonnyXx,"I was surprised by the generous pricing of this game until I played it and realized why. This is a vary lazy, minimal effort, get it out there quickly to generate money port job on behalf of SquareEnix.Resolution is locked at 720p and although the max framerate was upped to 60fps the performance is highly erratic and that's on a i7 4770k@4.3ghz + OC'd Radeon 7950. A system that sould have no issues maintaining locked 60fps on a 4 year old 720p game. The lack of customization options is embarrassing, the only video options available being Fullscreen or Windowed, that's it. The FMV's are highly compressed and the compression artefacts are highly noticeable right from the first FMV before even reaching the title screen.This release is nothing more that a minimal effort port to generate much needed revenue for a struggling SquareEnix.  If you want to donate money to them then go ahead and buy this game, otherwise it's best to hold off until they fix it."
76561198048920578,Not Recommended,292120,12439466,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,questmaster360,"I can't recommend this game until Square-Enix does soemthing to fix the settings. The game ran at 1080p on PS3 almost 5 years ago. Sure, there's some 3rd party fixes, and the game is still technically playable, but I really think the developer should step in and correct this.  I mean, FFVIII for Pc can run in 1080p and has a few graphical tweaks you can enable or disable, and that games 15 years old.  It just doesn't make any sense.The game itself is exactly as it was in 2009, warts and all. I'd give it an 8/10 and it's probably my 4th or 5th favorite entry in the series. So if the lack of any real graphical options and the fact that hitting Esc ends the game abruptly (It does this.) doesn't bother you, then go for it,"
,Recommended,292120,14234270,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Aporia,"The story may be linear, but the game was definitely worth my money. I got 46 hours out of it and I only payed $8. Only bad thing is that it is a horrible port, and the controls are impossible unless you use a controller"
76561198076768608,Not Recommended,292120,12492160,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Neverwhere,i cant find the save file on my pc plz help
,Not Recommended,292120,29568262,Posted: 29 January,all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),"Boring characters, I knew it was bad when I realized I skipped a cutscene I hadn't watched before because it was annoying.Also don't bother unless you have an i7 6700k for a game released in 2010 or 2014 given on how you want to interpret it, or expect to get framerate drops.And this is coming from someone with a i5 4690k, which is far from low end and I still get drops to the 30s."
,Recommended,292120,19110016,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Detro 🎃,"Always loved FF13 since i was a kid, Watched my brother play it all the time and i even played it myself.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,292120,22396162,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ω Zamuro _/,"I Have a bit of this game to finish, But i want to write a review so that i dont waste my freetime typing out a long list of why i enjoyed the game, so im gonna do it earlier...First of all, this is a RPG, Which means you have to grind ALOT!!! Which the problem for me is... i didn't grind till the 5th chapter...But that made it alot harder for me to beat the chapter 6 boss... so that mistake went into me making a schedule for a whole day of grinding and focusing on the enemy attacks, which is hard for me since i forget most of the enemy attacks, which brings me onto the next point...ENEMIES.WILL.THROW.EVERYTHING.AT.YOU! No matter if your ready or not, enemies will throw anything at you which makes it really hard to remember there order of attacks. Why? Because the order is random. (At least for me) So if you want to remember every single attack, welp good luck, as this can take Hours upon end... Believe me, i almost ripped my hair because of one boss... so that was very painful for my head and now that im saying this it just tells that i may be a little bit crazy... ANYWAY!Instead of talking about the main game... Lets talk about the parts that are good, or just awful...+Soundtrack is just amazing, when your not battling, the music is very peaceful.+When you get junk from enemies (cloth, tears, etc...) You can go to the same save station and upgrade weapons and little accessories you can find in little floating bubbles. (The upgrade station is later on in the game while the items are already there)+There are weapons and accessories that are either very useful, useless, powerful or just plain crap+Bosses are a neat little challenge, so are some smaller enemies and mini bosses--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Battle system is kinda weird to use for me personally, for you it might be good or the same like me-One enemy in a chapter is so hard to beat that even the GAME warns you about him, but there right, STAY AWAY UNLESS YOU HAVE A GOOD WAY OF BEATING HIM!Thats all i have to write, so here's my little tip (as a bonus ^^)Stay away from this game if you dont have alot of time for it, or dont have the money. otherwise, buy it. its fun!"
,Not Recommended,292120,17453753,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,akai,"wireless bluetooth gamepad bug (ipega), chapter 8 nautilus bug (auto close),random slowdowns."
,Not Recommended,292120,29656516,Posted: 2 February,all,Wolf Fivousix,"Final Fantasy XIII is a linear JRPG with some tweaks, one of my favorite mechanics is the gear upgrade system, where you use creature parts that you take as loot and make your weapons stronger. Unfortunately this system was badly balanced, making it uninteresting to play with. The scaling of the game chapters made leveling up a waste of time, artificially increasing gameplay time with repetitive battles against the same creatures in different collors. The Paradigm system is a nice take, but waiting seconds for it to happen every single battle, multiple times, transforms it into a painful experience more than an interesting one.Overall is not a bad game, but for 50h+ in order to beat it, you might as well just watch the whole thing on Youtube!"
76561198031490701,Not Recommended,292120,16763590,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,shalist,"Is there a mod that removes all dialogue, cutscenes, most of the characters, and perhaps the first 10 or so chapters, from the game?  If so, I'll consider changing this to an upvote due to the pretty pixels.Not much to say that hasn't be mentioned in other negative reviews, though I love how even the producers realized how horrible and lame the cut scenes are, and thoughtfully included a plethora of related datalog entries for each so that players could learn what emotions characters were experiencing during it, what their 'motivations' were for that 5 minutes, and so on."
,Recommended,292120,13526073,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,L1NU5,"A lot of people hate this game because it breaks the norm for most JRPGs established clichés: No towns (in the common way you percieve them), barely any NPCs, no exp./levels, no money after battles, No MP, total restoration of HP/ailments after battles... how a game so weird can be good? Well surprise, because for me it is.One of the best FF story, nice music (still worse than Uematsu's works, anyway), and a system that it's all about the combat: which equipment and paradigms to choose, when to change them, which attacks/magics to use effectively to chain combos... all of this in a TIMED fashion that forces you to think quickly if you want the best and safest results.Sure, auto-battle is there but you won't last long if you only use that.The bad part is that the game is very demanding: easy and linear until you reach Chapter 11 of 13 about 20 hours into the game. A turn off to some people but in my opinion if you're not willing to spend 20 hours into a game you should play another genre instead of RPGs."
76561198087800795,Recommended,292120,28439955,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Whtbread85,"Slight Spoilers within!I have a love/hate relationship with this game. Like most Final Fantasy's before it, I think the story is well written and the graphics are stunning and beautifully executed. I like the fighting system, despite it feeling sometimes over-simplified (I like having more control over my party during a battle, but it's something I'm willing to overlook). The one thing I can't stand is how linear this game is for the first 20-30 hours. It is without a doubt the longest tutorial I have ever seen. It would have been nice to see them attempt to make Cocoon more open with more areas to explore. Instead for the first 30 hours you are forced to go from A to B in what is essentially a straight line. It would have been cool to maybe have different paths and choices on how to get from A to B. That being said, once you get to Pulse it gets better and becomes more like the Final Fantasy we know. You just have to get through 30 hours of linear gameplay. I'm happy to see Square Enix patched this port with more options, but the keyboard controls are clunky. Use a controller if you have one; you're better off. Overall, despite it's flaws, this game is enjoyable...after 30 hours.   7/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,12461667,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Luth-Aan,"I think most people here have already addressed most of the issues, downsides, and upsides.My only gripe with it right now is that you can't customize gamepad controls. That's like the most basic thing I expected from a port. Had low expectations and still disappointed. You just have to get used to the controls they have mapped on your gamepad. It works nice on xbox controller, but on other type it gets a bit awkward. Controls on keyboard is okay. But if you're like me, and accidentally tap Esc on reflex to open the menu every now and then, then it gets quite stressful when you accidentally exit the game when you don't intend to.Not recommending this game at the moment. Probably later when they patch or someone else come up with something to cope with this problem. But I guess if you need something outside official stuff to run the game properly, that still makes it a terrible release.But if you think 15 bucks is worth all the trouble, or if you just need to get it over with because its Final Fantasy, by all means go for it."
,Not Recommended,292120,16858912,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ZeniteZero,"Plot is weak, characters are annoying and flat, you get railroaded everywhere (literally, maps are just corridors - apparently there is ONE map in the late game that concentrates ALL of the exploring you can do in the game), combat is underwhelming and pretty one-dimensional. Overall, I regret buying this."
,Recommended,292120,26949167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XenomanX,"This is one of my favorite Final Fantasy games. It gets a lot of hate due to being very linear, and that is an admitted flaw of the game, but beyond that it has what I think is a fantastic story. I primarily play games for their stories and not to spend hundreds of hours doing trash-mob battles so I can just mow through the rest of the game. I heartly recommend FFXIII to anyone who likes RPGs, and I'd suggest people who wrote it off to go back and play it again for the story this time, you'll probably enjoy it a lot more."
,Recommended,292120,26811913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,^6Snake Eyes μ's,Is like tears in your eyes <3
76561198015387089,Not Recommended,292120,28609962,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Antarius,I'd only recommend this game to FF fans only.Long story short:Storyline: Well written. Don't expect anything non-linear it's Final Fantasy we're talking here.Graphics: Exceptional when you take into account the original release date of the game.Combat: Combat is challenging. Not only because you need to adjust your tactics depending on the situation but also because the combat system is close to trash. When you switch speed to slow it is acceptable but on normal speed it is not shining at all. Forget about timing and precision because the system is not build with those two words in mind.Apart from that even routine battles take too much time due to the opponent staggering mechanic where you have to fill a stagger-bar in order to inflict more damage to the enemies. The catch here is that very often it takes forever to build up even when you select the proper roles for each party member making even easy battles last way longer than they are supposed to.Overall: A good game in overall but since most of the time you will be battling opponents utilizing a combat system which is pretty frustrating most of the time I wouldn't recommend this to anyone but FF fans like myself.
,Recommended,292120,20020576,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ShadowGammaDraco,Awesome game so far ^_^ love the graphics and the cutscenes. great story and also pretty sad lol..currently streaming my gameplay attwitch.tv/shadowgammad
,Recommended,292120,20046612,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GO! ON,"Dream come true... Solved the lag probrem and got smooth frame of 60 fpsIt not really lag every 2 sec but it load or searching for extra device ""controller"" (sorry if I mistaken)Using Asus ROG G751, GTX 970M. Thanks, enjoy..."
,Recommended,292120,23821363,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Your voice is calling my name,"Финал фентази, это особенный игровой мир в котором сочетаются магия, огнестрельное оружие, роботы, холодное оружие, и огромные монстры. Здесь такой огромный мир, что игру можно проходить годами. Прорисовка отличнейшая, картинка на столько проработана, что видно как шевелятся малые волосинки. Это пошаговая фентезийная игра, в которой необходимо уничтожать различных монстров и роботов. С одной стороны, все кажется однотипным, но на самом деле все так интересно и захватывающе, что я лично пропадал в ней на 5 часов, а думал, что прошел час. Проработанный геймплей дает различные возможности к победе, но все-таки необходима определенная тактика для каждого монстра. Звук шикарнейший. Все второстепенные видео сделаны на высшем уровне. Советую каждому геймеру поиграть в нее как можно скорее."
76561198047384109,Recommended,292120,15365387,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,VTXShiva,"Before I start this review, I will let you know I'm addicted to this game and series for various reasons, so expect moderate to high level of bias. I will try my best to explain WHY i enjoyed it because there are a lot of things that this game does well and you the reader will be able to gouge if it is something you would fancy or not.Story: good and badThe game has a strong well developed story.The main story and narative is quite complex and it does a lot of reminiscing and going back and forth between past and present. I found this enjoyable as it replicated to a small scale how we often remember specific moments from the past in different situations. It's not just that the game flings you into flashbacks, it does it when it generally makes sense. One of the characters is going through a specific conflict or hardship, here's a flashback letting you know how some of those feelings and thoughts came to be. It adds to the experience, not detracts from it.That being said, I've heard a lot of people complaining about this and I can see why some did not like it. There's a lot to keep track of and the number of cutscenes and flashbacks is quite high. If you're not on the ball, the story can become complicated and convoluted really fast. You NEED to pay attention to it, it's not spoon fed to you.There are also special entries in the datalog section explaining various aspects of the world. These are small pieces of text regarding locations, characters, deities folklore and more. These offer quite a bit of information about the world but it's not for everyone.If you're the kind of person who likes reading books in Skyrim in addition to talking to people it's great, if you dont' care for it, it sucks. And the bad thing about this is that a reasonable amout of information, especially in the later part of the game, is only really explained in these entries.Bear in mind however that these are only added information to make the world richer, it's not really needed to experience the story. You don't really need to know how NORA came to be or what each Fal'Cie's function is, but it's fullfilling to know a little more.Characters: Really goodPersonally i found them realistic and sometimes annoyingly so. Most complaints people have tend to partake to Hope a very very young boy going through some very turbulent times and emotions and Vanille, a character with a ton of internal conflicts. Both of these character often annoyed the people who played the game, myself included: Hope can be extremely whiny and Vanille seems to be a walking oximoron with so much double-think it makes your head spin.And that's fine! As you progress through the story and understand more and more about the characters, the world and their situation, it starts making sense and you warm up to them. While avoiding spoilers it's important to note that the characters are thrust into a situation that is pretty much ""Us versus the entire world"". In such a setting, where everyone you meet can turn a handshake into a potential knife at your throat, these conflicting and often irrational behaviors are ""normal"" or at least expected and plausible. I really can't stress this enough. The story is heavy and it doesn't tell you how to feel, you have to put in a bit of effort to understand it. But once you do, it is oh so rewarding.Gameplay: A rough diamond, no exagerationAs someone who works in Games QA, I didn't get to play a game with a system as rewarding as XIII's. From a design point it's so great I could talk about it for weeks on end, but i will try to keep it as short as possible.The basics are very simple to pick up and understand. Use elemental magic and attacks (Ravager) to stagger enemies ( staggered enemies take more damage and in various cases become weak to a few or more types of attacks) use non-aspected attacks and magic (Commando) to deal tons of damage. Use buffs and Debuffs to take less damage or deal more. Straight forward, easy to pick up. The beauty of the system is its depth however. There are so many ways to defeat enemies it's hard to describe. The intersectionality between item functionality, abilities, buffs and debuffs allows for countless customization. But that's not all. There are a lof of small aspects that can easily go unnoticed as well.Every character has unique animations for its attacks which makes some characters exceptionally strong in specific scenarios. Snow for instance has a very fast casting animation, while Sazh Blitz ability is a hail of bullets resulting in multiple smaller attacks. Even abilities themselves have shorter/longer animations or impact timers. Switching between paradigms gives you an ATB refresh if done correctly which reduces downtime between attacks for instance. Learning these small secrets adds a whole new dynamic to how you perform in battle. A 5 minute fight can suddenly become a 30 second stomp simply by using the right abilities and aproach. In this sense the game is more about understanding the system and less so about the actual execution. You don't need fast reflexes or specific timings most of the time.Difficulty: Very easy, very boring or very frustratingBecause of what i also mentioned above the difficulty can vary drastically. There are some tactics that will work on most enemies and encounters, making it very boring to go through when you can just repeat one patern to win.Using said patterns can be very frustrating however when you fight some of the mobs that require more unorthodox approaches. All of a sudden you find yourself hitting a brick wall because you didn't explore the system enough. The combat mechanic is designed so that you abuse the various enemies weaknesses, and some of them don't flaunt their weaknesses on their sleeves. Once you understand the system and the enemies, the game becomes almost trivial. There are only a handfull of enemies that can be considered hard and none of them amount to anything you would call a superboss, unless you intentionally go there unprepared in which case they can be devastating.Music: It's a Final Fantasy gameHonestly, that's all you need to know. Like every other game in the series, Final Fantasy XIII has a beautiful soundtrack.If you're familiar with the series you won't be dissapointed, if you're new to it, you will likely end up loving it.Voice over: Play it in english, no reallyThis game is one of few ""foreign"" games i would actually recommend playing in English. The main reasoning behind this is because there are several characters that don't feel, look or act asian/japanese. Sazh is a clear example of this. Aside from some hickups on Vanille's part where she sometimes switches accents, (she and Fang are not from the same ""world"" as the rest of the characters so the accent may be intentional) the english VO fits the characters and their personalities.Linear Gameplay vs. Open WorldThe vast majority of the game is linear. Others have said it and it bears repeating. If you like your RPGs westernized with tons of exploration, XIII isn't the game you're looking for. The game only opens up late into the playthrough, chapter 11 to be specific. Even then, the exploration aspect is minimal and most of the available optional content is mission/quest based where you're only tasked to kill monsters. However i find this also a strong point. It makes missing items/objectives less of an issue. If you like unlocking all achievements on a game, or want to do it for the first time, this game is a fairly good place to start. Not too easy to ""plat"" not too hard.VerdictAll in all i would definitely recommend this game to the right people. It's a good game and it gets a lot of things right, but while I say that, i must also admit that some of its strengths can also be its weaknesses."
,Not Recommended,292120,14169077,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ubihazard,"I take special care in not buying anything region-locked on Steam and this just became region-locked some time *after* the purchase. SQUARE ENIX being greedy is one thing, lying and pulling some dirty tricks on me is well another."
,Recommended,292120,12878900,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,monkaGIGA Rare Smugest Ms.Crouak,"Probably one of the most controversial games in the whole saga, up there with XII and XIV 1.0. And boy, does it deserve it!It does some things well, some things are okay and a bunch of'em very bad, which leaves a taste sweet and sour at the time.The story starts slow, not knowing what's happening besides there are baddies out there and they wanna kill you. As you progress the history, everything starts unravelling in two timelines, the days before the first one (when you start playing) and in the present (by moving the story forward). It gets quite chaotic sometimes but nothing a quick read on the Datalog cannot repair. As boring and bad was the beginning, I think it changed up to good. From ""we bad you good"" it changed more into a grey-ish tone at the end, were you cannot feel but think ""Damn. He had a point."".The visuals are stunning, but I've a hard-one for this kind of art, so take that with a pinch of salt. The game suffers for some low level textures that don't mesh well with some of the high res one. For example, in some upclose scenes of Ligthning, everything is detailed but the grip from her gunblade isn't. Maybe it was a problem with my own system but damn.The music delivers, as expected from a FF title even though it wasn't composed by our dear Nobuo Uematsu. If you're curious to hear some of the best tracks of the title. you can google ""Born Anew"" (Watch out for the spoilers!) ""Blinded by Light"" or the heavier ""Snow's Theme"".Aaaand the gameplay department. The most controversial of things. In this game, you can only control your main character (that you can change and it's useful to do it due to special skills of each character) and the other ones will act accord a role you have set up (Damage dealer, debuffer, healer, tank...). It starts slow due to not having too much options/party members, but boy it does well later on! You have to constantly switch paradigms to react and adapt or fail on your quest.Finally, as a port? It sucks so hard ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s could do a series with it. I mean, pressing ESC in fullscreen closes the game without a warning! WTF SE?Get Durante's GeDoSaTo and fix it by downsampling (game's locked at 720p in vanilla) and having 60FPS.In the end? Worth the 10 euros. I beat it on 35 hours (story) and farmed a bunch outside of Steam and started doing sidequests. Game clocks at 90 right now and have to still beat the hardest optional bosses.Already had beaten it on X360 so had an advantage on some encounters and what-to-do. Even if it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, the PC community always stands up.Pros:·Stunning visuals and music·Interesting gameplay and difficultyCons:·Longass tutorial (Pretty much 10 hour long)·Doesn't feel like the old FF games without a big space to travel around besides an area you unlock later in the game. No overworld map, city visit...·Such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. God bless Durante for fixing it!"
76561198083154358,Not Recommended,292120,33191556,Posted: 3 July,all,Tattoo Dude,"The game runs fine but I just can not recommend this game. I had 40 hours invested when I finally gave up. It is so repetitive and linear that it makes it boring and a grind. I've played VII, VIII, IX and X fully back in my playstation days and loved every bit of them. This thing they are calling a Final Fantasy game just does not have any of the charm of those games. There are no towns. There are no side quests / missions. There are no minigames. No where does the map open up so you can wnader where you want. There are no shops or NPCs to speak of even. Just one long grind to the end (I assume after 40 hours, it is not going to change much from the current formula). It's too bad because the story isn't too bad, a bit convoluted and unnecessarily confusing, but does its job. Too bad.Edit: Another couple things I had forgotten about. The level up web is not very good. It is basically a spiral going straight up with no real options and no real, branches. Also, once you get to a certain point, every character unlocks every ability tree, giving little incentive to use certain characters that had been neglected to that point. Another thing that really bothered me was that you only control the leader of the party in fights. And if that character falls, it is game over. Why can't the rest of the party continue and revive their fallen comrade? Just poor design decisions. This game actually feels like a quick cash in, even though I know that is not the case, which makes the bad design even more frustrating. The game makers actually thought this was a step up from 7,8, 9 and 10 (never played 12 so I can't speak for that one)?"
76561198056710898,Not Recommended,292120,12477413,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zareth,"DO NOT BUY THIS! This game has a few game-breaking bugs that can freeze things up. Sometimes, you would need to manually shutdown the computer and start it again to get other things working because this game freezes up. It feels like this game was released without any proper bug testing. You have been warned."
76561198008335527,Not Recommended,292120,12477021,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,pigeonjim,The cut scenes stutter really badly unless you plug in a gamepad. The keyboard controls are also very badly thought out. I will up date this when I haev played more than a few hours if I can make it that far.
76561198087386614,Not Recommended,292120,12476653,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,masterofpuppetsrules,terrible terrible game. Hard to call it a game when you have so little choices to make. It was hard to force my self to play through it. the controls for walking around are terrible and the camera sucked at following where i was going which is really sad because there is only one freaking way to go haha. it was like watching a movie that made no sense at all but to watch it you have to walk down a senseless path that doesn't even lead anywhere. and once you get to the end of the path another part of the senseless movie will play. The characters were developed in a sense to cause appeal. like everything was trying to be a hilarious sunflower or dramatic senseless lover or just a plain please hate me I've gone full retard and lets kill everbodys children so we can save the world kind of characters. No idea who anyone was or why they were there or what the hell was going on. Nothing was explained every character was full of senseless thoughts from living a previous life of senselessness. Crappiest game ever I want my money back. would have rather shoved the money up my own♥♥♥♥♥than have given it up to play this craptacular game. End Review.
,Recommended,292120,12485406,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Stoner,"EDIT POST-PATCH FFXIII-2: Ok so when Final Fantasy XIII-2 came out they released a patch to fix some of the problems, and ok they fixed SOME of the problems. Works great in 720p no frame stutter anymore, and overall the proper experience that should have been able to be played at launch. For whatever reason, any time I go beyond 720p and increase shadow detail, the framerate starts to do the stutter a bit but not quite as bad. In the cutscenes it is definitely noticable, so Square-Enix you still have some work to do.I already know people will say, ""Oh it's your system, your graphics card sucks, etc."" Which ok, if that was the case, why is it I can play Skyrim on Ultra 1080p no problem? BF4 Ultra no problem? Just this game has problems...? Yeah so it's not me, it's Square Enix who needs to do some more work on their PC port. It even states on some systems that if you bump up the resolution your game can freeze/crash. So don't give me the ""It's your system"" crap. Square-Enix you've done ok so far, but you still have a ways to go before this is the definitive port of the bunch.Old review as of first release:While I'll agree with everyone that this is a dodgy PC port, if you love the game I still recommend getting it. Hopefully the visuals will be patched for max potential 1080p or higher, and the frame stutter will be fixed. The frame stutter is noticable in game and if it really bothers you then I guess don't pick this up. I however love this game and I am willing to at least put up with an annoyance to play through this game again.Another bonus is getting the option of Japanese and English audio, which apparently the console versions didn't give you an option to choose (I didn't mind the English voice acting so I never bothered to look up a Japanese alternate). Overall, if you are a fan of this game, if you want it bad enough you'll buy it and probably put up with it's problems for now, but hopefully we will get a patch to fix the game. Other than what I mentioned the game plays fine for me. No crashing, black screen, etc."
76561198031750715,Not Recommended,292120,12482271,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zoah,Terrible port. Dropping to 11 FPS @720p in battles is an atrocity especially when I get 100+ on virtually every other game in 4k.Avoid completely if you own AMD hardware until S-E decides to fix. Will update review when/if they do.
76561198037645022,Recommended,292120,20021485,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,imrathan,I fell off the final Fantasy series for a long time now but after coming back to play this one it's not too bad. This review may or may not change during my playthrough on this game but for now I can say it's a pretty solid game.
,Recommended,292120,29787601,Posted: 8 February,all,Abola,"Took me over 2 years of playing this game on and off but not because I didnt enjoy it, this final fantasy in my opinion is up there with some of their best ones! Plenty of game play, amazing story line and well worth the play! moving onto to ffxiii-2 now"
,Not Recommended,292120,17522647,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ermanno.zanella,"Last Final Fantasy I played was the IX; enthusiast by my personal experience I bought this game without even thinking about...That was really a bad decision... No freedom to move, the path is basically there and you have to follow it, no liberty on the map, very uninteresting fighting system.Bad bad bad"
76561197993647451,Not Recommended,292120,12433445,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Stuka,"Poor console port with low resolution for a PC, poor and repetative music that cannot be turned off which goes hand in hand with the poor and repetative combat.  The FF series saved SE from going bust but bad game design, bad narative and not a few poor decisions have seen them once again heading down that slippery slope.  Only time will tell if they manage to pull another rabbit out of the hat but on this showing it looks unlikely."
76561197989579316,Recommended,292120,15910498,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,-Ritchie-,I belive this FF have the best combat system so far. The graphics are beautifull and the music is great. The story is no the best but it´s ok. It´s very linear until you reach the %60 of the game. If you like Final Fantasy universe this is definitely one you should add to your collection. Enjoyable at 1080p after they patched.
,Recommended,292120,19604171,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The One True Nobody!,"Easy there, cowboy. The thumbs up is an ""only for a certain kind of gamer"" recommendation. While that usually doesn't need to be said, in this case fans of RPGs may find the game's flaws too glaring to forgive. So I strongly recommend researching the ups and downs of Final Fantasy XIII before committing to a purchase. Steam does have a refund policy, but it takes more than two hours of game-time to really see where FF13's design flaws come into play.Having played through this game on the PlayStation 3, I can say without reservation that I enjoy this game's combat system and that I think the characters are pretty cool in their own ways. Whether that can carry you through a 60 hour RPG is up to your individual tastes. The game can be engaging and pretty but the main draws that players associate with RPGs aren't really here. The storytelling is badly-paced and underdeveloped, often requiring the player to take a break and read in-game Datalog entries to solidify their understanding of the game's concepts. The stage design is almost oppressively linear for the vast majority of the game and does not really open up until close to the end (at which point you are given the opportunity to experience the plains and valleys of Gran Pulse, which introduces the kind of area design that Xenoblade Chronicles on the Wii gave players free reign over from the very moment they took control of Shulk and Reyn in Colony 9). There are no real town exploration sections except for a single mid-game interlude in a theme park which players are not allowed to revisit afterward, either; the game consists almost entirely of traversing enemy-laden wilderness and dungeon areas in a strictly linear progression, making it by far the most monotonous game in the Final Fantasy main series (one could accuse Final Fantasy X of being too linear, but it still had the basic staples of an RPG's adventure progression and the freedom to revisit old areas, two things XIII does not provide).The negatives are ever-present and all-encompassing: this is a game that is definitely not for everyone, and even having enjoyed my first playthrough of it, I personally have not been compelled to either complete all of the sidequests (which you only gain access to once you reach that late-game Gran Pulse area) or to play through the story a second time. Replay value is at an all-time low here.If these things do not sound like flaws that will totally break the experience for you, then I encourage you to give Final Fantasy XIII a try. If you're unsure which way you'll swing, I recommend watching some Let's Play videos of the game on YouTube to see for yourself what the game is like--HCBailly in particular is a good bet.The bottom line is that this isn't a game I can give a single sweeping recommendation for. I could do that for the sequels, which while lacking in story cohesion are just better-designed as videogames; but this first entry in the Final Fantasy XIII trilogy is the hardest recommend to people, even as I can't see it as exactly ""bad."" If that makes any sense.If there was an option in between ""yes"" and ""no"" I would probably have picked that instead."
,Recommended,292120,12439370,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Aliton,"As you see there too many negative due resolution cap at 720. I think it no need to retact too fast. It need to calm down and report to developer and work with them to bring the best instead throw the rock. that not what Game Community for. Game Community to team up together and make the game great again. For this Game Final Fantasy XIII is amazing game however too much grind. I am deaf, I don't mind about audio things, But I had cochlear implant to hear beatiful music and voice. I really enjoy this game since PS3.I am look forward to re-collect them into Steam library.Please don't mind what people bashing over-retaction on resolution and others, give feedback to developer or 3rd party can bring them better.Kupo!"
,Not Recommended,292120,12431263,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,GamerDude,boring game
,Not Recommended,292120,19458359,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Redfire,"If you want to play this game, buy it on PS3 or Xbox 360, it's not that expensive and it will be much better than this quick port.I have a semi decent PC (and I exceed the recommended specs for this game by a lot), but I am not able to run this on a stable framerate. In cutscenes it jumps from 60fps to 30, in explorations it jumps 50-30 fps and in battles I have 30 fps or less. I tried messing with the settings, it didn't help, still runs as♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is good, but not this port. Don't give SE money for this, it's not worth it.AMD FX-8320E 8 Core 3.20 GHzMSi AMD R7 370 OC 2GB8GB RAM"
76561197989465761,Not Recommended,292120,29157718,Posted: 10 January,all,Areck Rozen,Never again.~60GB storage has been recovered.
76561198052762731,Not Recommended,292120,12880517,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,alexey2128506,"Good:- beautiful graphics- challenging but not too hard battle control (realtime but no need to ""overclick them all"")- very FF-like storyBad:- too ""story on rails"" even for Final Fantasy (only one chapter of 13 when you are NOT in a ""linear tunnel with monsters"")- gil/material inbalance: to fully develop team's weapon (not to speak of amulets!) you need to grind monsters for money/component at least twice as long as total walkthrough is. Fortunately you do not really need to do complete story"
,Not Recommended,292120,13263223,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,"I want to recommend this game but I can't for the following reasons (Please note this is my FIRST time playing 13, I don't own a PS3 sooooooo)*  Doom - I know the point of this spell, it worked great in the Eldioun (summon fights) BUT if you take too long (like 20 minutes+) the boss will cast this one you and it's game over if that counter goes up.  That's all fine and dandy IF the cast begins at the START of the fight not because you're busting your !@#$ butt off and you get this slapped on you.  As a player, it makes me feel like crap.  I work hard to hold my ground and only lose the battle because I ""took too long"" that's just dumb!* Linear - Don't mind linearatiy but it would have been nice to have SOME open world (not just the chapter 11 part)  This doesn't bother me too much because the game tells a decent story (too poltical at first but somewhat makes sense at the end).*♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port - I know they're are putting a fix for this later this December but a final fantasy title a game with these awesome sauce graphics LOCKED at 1280x900 res?  Props to Durante for the GeDoS program took me 4 hours inintally to get it to work right (because it was in beta for FF13 so I would have wierd things like mini map not showing up, menu selections dimmed out, and blurry characters).  I finished this game before the fix has came out...which is sad.  It also interfers with the steam interface so I can't reply to my friends either.* No forcefeed back - Really?* BIG download - Give the option to download the Japanese voice overs, 60 GB is pretty huge.and finally* Leader dead = Game Over - I find it overwhelmingly frustrating that if the leader dies it's instant game over.  Sometimes this works in some games (like Persona 4) but for this one it really didn't.  I had many o times my leader being KO'ed were my other two party members were at full health....just frustrating.If you can get over these factors, for $15 (or maybe 10$ for a sale), it's a decent purchase.  I overall enjoyed the game and had few rage quits but to recommend someone this title would be a flat out lie w/o warning them of these features (PS3 or even PC).Ok fan boys, do your worst and trash my ""review"", I'm OUT!*Drops the mic*"
,Recommended,292120,12591934,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,fudge65,"I absolutely adore this game. I played through it when it first released on the Xbox 360, and I'm loving my chance to play it again. The music is beyond great and the scenery is the best I've encountered in a game neck and neck with Xenoblade Chronicles.Lightning the main character is a total badass out-shining Cloud, Sqaull, Tidus..... you name it.The battles are a fast paced Active Time Battle building on what Sqaure brought to the table with FFX-2.The Story is a bit Linear in that there is little room for exploration or even retracing you steps but the Mythos and character developement are top notch.Buy it if you will I sure as hell Love it."
,Recommended,292120,12751485,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pibulous,"Although you've probably heard it's a terrible game and you should never go near the thing, it's really not nearly as bad.The reason people say that is because fans of the rest of the series complain it is very linear, and that it has no 'independent elements'. That could be considered as true, though I have at the time of writing this played 4 hours, I think it is a fun and worthwhile experience yuo should have if you like FF in general or like JRPGs. The soundtrack, maybe not as good as previous title in the 20 year-old-series is still very good and gets you pumped for battles adn cut-scenes.The story is quite complicated but the general idea (no spoilers) is quite simple. Your characters become, lets say, 'cursed' in a huge accident whilst fighting in a resistance. For the most part I've played your characters are wondering around aimlessly trying to find things and people. But thats all for now.Summary : Very good JRPG with elements veterans will find familiar.Great music. (as always)Great battle system (even though XII's was better XIII's is still good)Great characters: Snow, Lightning, Sazh, Hope, and Vanille offer a good range of playable characters. (BTW I'm really not sure how a baby Chocobo survives in Sazh's hair. Though it is very spongy)Great story (if a bit complicated).Final Verdict: (Bearing in mind I have NOT finished it) [{(8.5/10)}]Also: XIII-2 and LR's are both coming to PC so if you like those on PS3 or XBOX 360 get this so you can play the ENTIRE story. You need to otherwise you won't have a bloody clue what's going on in those two."
76561198004195595,Not Recommended,292120,12492503,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Moon Punisher,"The ""game""  itself is good , but unfortunately we were again given a bad port.It is a pity that square didnt spend the time making an actually decent job porting this game , with that said , they did add the jap audio option , which was nice of them.Honestly , nothing really changed on this ""game"" when it came to PC , so the 2009 reviews about the ""game"" in general count , but the game got the usual poor porting job we saw many times already.Mind you , currently modders like Durante are fixing some of the issues , but i dont believe a game should get a good rate when it requires third party software to be decent.PS: If SE do come foward and solve this issue on their own , then i will change this review."
,Not Recommended,292120,12474889,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,innodd,"i only recommend this game if you're a final fantasy fan who is overjoyed because square enix finally port FF franchise into pc like myself or you are a gamer who prioritize amazing graphics, cool animations and good battle system without minding the confusing story and weak character backgrounds too muchlike what everyone said this game is indeed badly ported, and what i meant by bad is REALLY BAD,, not only you can't change a lot of things in the settings like graphic options and resolution, they made the esc button a freakin' rage quit button (that means one press and you're out of the game, yes seriously)you probably know this already, since square enix is in charge of the FF games the battle system changed from turn based to time based, and what makes me disappointed is they used the FF X-2 battle system instead of FF XII which in my opinion is the most unique because of the gambits (i haven't played that far, but that is the feelings i got from the first time playing) but i ilke Lightning more as MC rather than Vaan, god i hate that kidso yeah either wait for Square Enix to make a fix (which i doubt would happen), just deal with it or don't buy the gameoverall 6/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,17456849,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Randy Savage,"Absolutely atrocious port. I'm not exaggerating in the slightest when I say that you can run this on a $4,000 rig and still not have a consistent frame rate. This game is advertised as being ""...optimised for PC, featuring full screen support and running at 60FPS."" This is a bold faced lie. The day Japanese developers learn the meaning of ""optimise"" is the day I eat my hat.Utterly pathetic. Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,292120,12743337,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,KlýxMašter®,"Has the Final Fantasy franchise lost its ability to make a game?  Like many of the recent Final Fantasy series (I would say 12+), these are nothing short of an amazing movie, with the viewer/player taking part in the battles.  The rest is left to movie script.Playing the many hours of the XBOX and a few hours on the PC (bad port - esc key kicks me out! Really? and I didn't save), it became apparent that the game just guided the player through a scripted movie, and all the while I watched I kept yelling ""..LET ME PLAY DAMMIT"". Square Enix LITERALLY controlled the player, not the other way around, What if the player needed a break? nope - just gonna have to hold it.  It was mentioned to me that after about 25hrs of game play, you end up in the open world. Really? Players have to sit through a 25hr movie, to ""get to the good stuff"" and even then, I found, it is still limited to the movie script, and not what the player wants to do.It's no doubt that Square Enix reigns supreme in the graphic skills, and one only needs to watch a few videos to see this. But what about game play? This is a game. Most would feel that game play involves PLAYER interaction on many levels, after all, they are in control!While playing, I kept feeling that I was playing THE WALKING DEAD (any episode). I get to watch the movie, with a few breaks in between for some action scenes. But even TWD had more interaction, as you were allowed to interact with the NPC's to change the outcome of the game, and other events. In FF13 a great opportunity came when the mom wanted to join. But no, scripted right on by while players just sit and watched.Square Enix has more than enough skill, money and man power to make a game something similar to METRO, FALLOUT 3, TOMB RAIDER and the list is endless. Like Final Fantasy, these games are linear, but there is an added illusion of freedom, and many choices will change the out come of the game.When people sit down to play a 55gig game, they expect to PLAY. Not to sit cut-scene after cut-scene.  I was really excited at the beginning, when the kids were gonna hop on that cycle, and many  thought, sweet, gonna take a look around, but no, that was taken from the player as well. We sat helpless as the ""game"" guided it to the next destination. Maybe players want to go left, instead of right (at all times) and learn from mistakes that was the wrong way. Tell a NPC that they are wrong, only to find out later, we better go back and make them change their mind so we can progress the story. Many AAA games are out there that do this, why is Square Enix behind?If you are looking for a hand-holding ""game""  to do more than fight, and watch the movie, this is not for you. To me, this is an alpha game, simply because player interaction is not finished, story line control needs to be adjusted (Star Wars TOR?, Old game, but you can interact with the NPCs). Square Enix is NOT a small company, yet the continue to make games that, while amazingly drawn, come across as something created by a small company and empty.  Never have I played a game, where I was so disappointed at not only being a part of this story, but even in combat it was nothing more than button mashing (after you set up some combat settings).Sadly, many REALLY wanted to play this one, as  most are avid FF fans, but even they are at their ""Limit Break-ing"" point. This is not the 90's, and higher standards for the Final Fantasy franchise have been set. I don't want to watch cut-scenese, we know Square Enix can make trailers - we want to play your game!EDIT:I wanted to add  that if the game goes on sale (reasonably priced that is), and you are a FF fan, definately one you want to add to your collection. But paying full boat to watch a movie and play stunt man for the fight scenes - watch it on youtube."
,Not Recommended,292120,29450164,Posted: 23 January,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Final Fantasy XIII isn't all that cool, I guess.You play as Lightning, someone who totally didn't give herself that nickname. Lightning picks up a black guy and embarks on a mission to save her sister who got herself into trouble and, much like my sister, makes it everyone else problem. Unfortunately Lightning is infected with the same cool tattoo problem as her sister and has to do some sort of mission not explained by the big stupid statue that gave her the tattoo and wants her to do said mission in the first place.And so begins the adventure of Not Cloud and her stupid friends who all suck down the world's longest corridor.I think my biggest gripe with FFXIII is that it doesn't really feel like an RPG. Like they wanted to make an action game but last second decided to screw everything up even further. Most of your game is spent in a place called Cocoon, which is a floating continent over a place called Gran Pulse, which is supposedly a hell on...Er. Pulse. Cocoon is actually a pretty neat place with it's own societies, cultures, and customs. The problem is you don't really explore any of these features.Remember how in older Final Fantasy games you would journey from place to place, usually on an over world if you were playing one of the older games? You could find towns, dungeons, and other areas that have absolutely nothing to do with the game, like if you just followed the main story you wouldn't even visit any of these places. So you would discover new areas, meet new people, learn new things, and maybe even find a side quest along the way?FFXIII doesn't have that, it has none of that wonder and mystery that other Final Fantasy settings had before it. Instead, for most of the game you just kind of follow a long corridor that leads you from one cut scene to the other. It's like being stuck at the world's slowest  DMV. And at the rare times when you are around other people they usually just make off-hand comments as you pass them. Even when you end up in a city or somethingLike when Sazh and Vanille ended up on Nautilusyou still end up just following a trail until a cut scene plays and the story continues. The most glaring problem with all of this is that there is actual lore and back story to Cocoon and Gran Pulse, the problem is that its just shoved into your datalog as the game progresses. It just tells you that things are happening and there's stuff going on, but you usually don't get to see it for yourself.I don't know if they were trying to appeal to a wider audience or something, but even a wider audience would find all of this bland and boring.The characters are also a big flaw. The only character I actually ended up liking is Sazh, and even then he was just the Old Black Dad character with a bird in his hair. Lightning is about as bland as she looks, and her hostile lone wolf personality she had early in the game almost made me want to turn the game off. She has outbursts and other actual character developments, but they end up being more like moody teenage pouting than character progression. It'd be cute if she could stop trying to be the tough girl for one minute.Snow is like the kid who ate paste in school. Who always calls himself and his friends “heroes” while constantly ♥♥♥♥ing up on a scale that would make an 80's cartoon villain blush. For instance he tries to punch the same character in the face three times, and each and every one of these times he gets knocked on his♥♥♥♥♥with the same move. Three. It's like routine.Hope goes from a whiny baby to an angsty teenager, to a anime protagonist in the time span of about six hours, I can't really say anything bad about his later personality. Fang is Australian and the only reason Vanille seems to exist is to heal my party and make mouth noises. I don't mean talking she just kind of grunts and giggles a lot.Combat feels like a kick in the nuts followed by a bill you have to pay for being kicked in the nuts. You have three options to choose from as well as the paradigm shift, which is a fancy way of saying class change. Instead of having the usual “Attack-Magic-Skills/summons-Item” system like other games you instead have Attack, Attack but this time you get to pick your attack, skill, and item.Auto-battle is the first option, where the game chooses what you use to attack the enemy. Command is where you actually get to pick your attacks, skills has things such as Quake, summon, revive, etc, and items are items.The fighting happens in real time, with your characters attacking when all of their action bars filled or when you press a button to attack with what bars you already filled up. Your best bet is to fill your enemies stagger bar and then break it, the higher percentage the more damage the enemy takes while staggered to that percent.Paradigm shifts come into play when you need something to get the job done. Commandos hit enemies with a folding chair so their stagger meter doesn't deteriorate as fast, they also do the most damage when the enemy is staggered. Ravagers use magic to fill up the stagger meter faster as well as do damage, medics heal, syngerists buff, and saboteurs debuff enemies. You mixed these together to get better results, like 3 ravagers burn through enemies in no time, three medics make sure that nobody flat out dies, and commandos just kind of mug people.This all sounds complicated but it really isn't. Basically you paradigm shift to maintain the stagger, shift to do damage, shift to heal, shift to play basketball, etc. The shifting itself is also kind of stupid, because a little cutscene plays the first time you do it where it has to take a few seconds to show each character change classes. In this time you cant issue commands but the enemy can attack you. So it's kind of stupid when an enemy burns through your HP, you shift to your healing paradigm, but your party takes the time to pose and lose even more HP during. I've actually die because of this.It doesn't help that you only control your main party leader and you just have to hope that your other characters cooperate. Their competent for the most part, but a good number of times I've lost party members or flat out died because my healers refused to heal me and I couldn't handle healing 3 members at the same time.It's also so damn boring. There's no real strategy to it, you just use Libra to find the enemy's weakness and then burn through his health with said weakness. If they have no weakness or all magic damage is halved then you can just fill their stagger anyway, only now it takes longer. There's some variety though, like you can cancel out your attacks and change them mid action if you have to. But that variety is like the dollar menu at a McDonald's.It all looks different but you know its all still made out of homeless people.Should you play Final Fantasy XIII: The Lightninganing?Instead of answering this question, I'm just going to list off a bunch of JRPGs that I liked that came out on the same console generation as Final Fantasy XIII did.Tales of Vesperia.Ni No Kuni: the wrath of the White Witch.Star Ocean, just pick one.The World Ends with You.Valkyria Chronicles.Lost OdysseyXenoblade ChroniclesNier.The Last Remnant.Splinter Cell: Chaos TheoryFire Emblem Awakening.Resonance of FateWhite Knight Chronicles3D Dot Heroand Tales of Xillia.Final Fantasy XIII is 40 hours I will never get back. Mostly because I want to finish games before I review them. It's not abysmal but it's not okay either. If you need to play a Fabula Nova Crystallis game, then just play Type-0. It's better and has a better story. The only way Squreenix can redeem FFXIII is if Lightning becomes my girlfriend.FFXIII gets 4 people saying “Destiny” out of 10.What do you mean theres two more games?The curator is a curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curation"
,Recommended,292120,13328539,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Melt Tattler,"--- Review of the game after the Dec. 11 patch ---Good on Square Enix for coming back and patching in resolution options and graphics settings, essentially fixing most of the technical problems I had with this game on release. Call me fickle, but fixing that alone has greatly increased this game's value for me - especially (pardon any potential snarkiness) as it makes it seem SE actually care about what they release on Steam.FFXIII, whilst it definitely has some issues - the story seems really overly complex for what it is and the game doesn't open up the full extent of its battle system until way later on (a problem I found was fixed in FFXIII-2, also available on Steam), I couldn't help but find myself enjoying it.I found that if you experiment with it fully, employing the use of Saboteurs and Synergists alongside Commandos, Medics and Ravagers, the Paradigm system is great fun to use, particularly later on when the battle system finally does fully open up.The game definitely has some great visual design in both the characters and the world as well in my opinion, with the trip through Nautilus being a highlight for me, showcasing what might be best described as a ""Final Fantasy Disneyland"".Though the grindy combat system will understandably turn some people off the game, in my opinion those who can make it through that will find a huge JRPG adventure with a cast of either honestly or ironically enjoyable characters that whilst being incredibly long, never truly gets boring....If peeps can find a way to mod in alternate playermodels GAAAAH - you can do it, you beautiful modding geniuses, you! :P"
,Recommended,292120,12436653,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Faith,"A lot of people complain about the graphics and FPS. Did you played through the first chapter? Or even started the game? Since the graphics are more important than the game experience? Do you care about the story, the characters, the locations, the music, the battles? OK, the port is not the best, but play with it if you payed for it. I think many of you have not played with the previous FF games like V or even VII…What you will expect from this Final Fantasy (tl,dr; if you interested please read all, I played with the X360 version):Pros:- Exciting new combat system- Lovable characters with background story- Epic music- Amazing and captivating story, but...Cons:- ...Linear and complicated (only at early)- Minimal open world- Short especially for a FF game- Not the best RPGPlaytime: Story: 45+ hours (ofc with cutscenes), Full Achievements: 130-150 hours(or more based on farming-luck)Terms you may need to know first:Fal’cie – False gods, machines responsible for the creation and maintenance of the land where humans dwell, and indirectly govern their lives. They can turn the people into l’cie.L’cie - humans ""branded"" by divine entities (mostly fal’cies) and given great physical and magical power, as well as a Focus to fulfill. If they manage to complete their Focus they will become crystal or you will become a cie’th. People are afraid of l’cies.Cie’th – those who fail to complete their Focus in time. They are mindless monsters who attack everybody.Cocoon – A planet which floats in the sky above the land of Gran Pulse (it’s like the Moon), the events starts here.Gran Pulse – A planet like the Earth, and Cocoon floats in its atmosphere. It is a world of natural evolution where animals and plants can grow to tremendous sizesthe human civilization of Gran Pulse had nearly been wiped out by the War of Transgression.The War of Transgression – It was a war fought between Cocoon and Gran Pulse between six and seven hundred years.Purge – It is a form of social cleansing conducted by the Sanctum, the fal'Cie-run government of Cocoon, to get rid of those believed to have been ""touched"" by Gran Pulse.Story/Characters:If you new in Final Fantasy games I can recommend this one, it plays on a planet called Cocoon, where you can control 6 characters, our heroine is Lightning who was a soldier (Guardian Corps) she is on the Purge train to save her sister Serah who is caught by a fal’cie and marked as a l’cie. Serah’s boyfriend Snow travels to the Hanging Edge to fight PSICOM and the Purge in the hopes of saving her. Meanwhile Sazh the old timer pilot boards with Lightning to save his son Dajh. On the same train Vanille (who is already a l’cie), Hope and his mother are part of the group of exiles onboard the Purge train. And Fang who will appear later in the story she searches for Vanille and aims to complete her Focus. Their ways cross them to Serah who fulfill her task as a l’cie and turns into crystal while the other party members marked as l’cie. With the fatal fate on their shoulders our heroes take up the struggle against the curse, rescue Serah and Cocoon’s people from the suffering of the fal’cies… “The Battle Within Begins...”For me this game 10/10, if I need to compare to the other FF games then 8.5/10.If you liked this masterpiece I can recommend the XIII-2 and Lightning Returns too.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,292120,19689660,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,intentional warwick,Why did this game get medicore review scores again?
76561198239529032,Recommended,292120,30144945,Posted: 24 February,all,Homur Simpsun,"I dont really write reviews but i think FFXIII is worth my time to  write a good reviewIm crurently only about 6 1/2  hours in and on chapter 5 and i absolutly love this game already, the characters are amazing the music is amazing and i really like the combat. I recently played FFXV and it was my first ever FF game then i saw this game on sale for $8 and i saw a lot of good reviews but also a lot of bad reviews but with the good reviews i was convinced to try it. So i did and i love it, i would recommend this game to anyone if you have played any of the previous FF or not, so i would personally rate this 10/10"
76561198080963294,Recommended,292120,19710395,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Eddie,"Un poco de sentimientos encontrados con el juego. Pues visualmente el juego es increíble y muy llamativo. Tiene cut-scenes muy buenas y no todas son videos preprocesados. Sin embargo, la jugabilidad es un poco reducida. En un comienzo es muy lineal y no te deja muchas opciones. Por lo demas, puedes aprovechar y entretenerte con la historia que se ve prometedora."
76561197994030905,Recommended,292120,19705578,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Genericname,"Some Frame drops, but few and far inbetween with 980TI. Controller issues with Xbox one Elite controller where anytime a selection menu comes up have to unplug controller to get any input to work. Thankfully the keyboard controls are rather nice so no controller needed. Enjoyed the game on 360 but not having to wait on loading times thanks to SSDs makes the game just that more enjoyable."
76561198046643977,Recommended,292120,14388506,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CherryBoyHunter,"No matter how ""desensitized"" i get from playing games, i still find those games that make me cry within the first 30 minutes. 12/10 game has turned my life around."
,Recommended,292120,14175812,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rynn,"Pros:-Beatiful graphics-Nice soundtrack-Good, but sometimes annoying battle systemCons:-Bad character revelation-Confusing storyVerdict:It still is a good part of the Final Fantasy series, but do not expect it to be something, like the classic ones."
76561198158133081,Recommended,292120,14496040,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BadLevi,the first final fantasy game i'd ever played... coz i use PC.im starting to love it.. good battle system.. very nice graphicsmy specs:core i3 21008 gig RAMGTX 750 FTWwin 7im playing it in all high resolution and i play it smoothly.the down side of it.. its a jappanesse language.... i thought its english while i downloading it on STEAM..but it has subtittle though....a very nice game.. a new different genre for me...give it a try... and you will enjoy it :)
76561198072858081,Recommended,292120,29561450,Posted: 29 January,all,Ciri,Wish the game had more exploration and wasnt just boring fights and cutscenesGood graphics tho and decent storyLightning <3
76561198047362525,Recommended,292120,13912130,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,BlacK FrosT,"Final Fantasy has always been my favorite game since childhood. Played FF, 7, 8, 9, 10. and 12 never disappointed me and always amazed by their storyline and interesting gameplay.Now I'm still on chapter 4 on this game. The graphic is pretty nice, the battle system is much different from the older FF games.For those who loves FInal Fantasy series from PS 1 and PS 2, you'll definetly have to try FF XIII too !"
76561198006745905,Recommended,292120,14429618,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Holyfruitcake,"I've seen a lot of reviews about the graphics quality being an issue for cutscenes and the actual gameplay but here's what I know about it.This being a port of the consoles it was fixed at a 720p resolution and apparently had bad anti-aliasing, but be excited to know that since December 2014 it was patched to have a simple graphics setup on launch where you can choose resolution, shadow resolution, and anti-aliasing.As far as I'm concerned the game looks AMAZING for a game from 2009 with this port and I totally reccomend it. It looks extremely better than it did on 360."
,Recommended,292120,14033576,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,gozen_of_kamakura,What is there to say Final Fantasy XIII is a very great game visually an improved version over consoles. Though the game is very linear to begin with and i expect to some that will be somewhat boring. I found it to be great fun the story is involving and interesting which is one of the reasons why final fantasy games are so popular. All in all its worth getting.
76561198156907454,Recommended,292120,14229119,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Gokudo,"I originally played on the Xbox 360, this version is just as good if not better. I like this Final Fantasy, kinda linear but other than that I would recommend this game if you have not played it before."
,Recommended,292120,13909643,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jiggle Daddy,You will love it or hate it.
76561198046115907,Recommended,292120,14347346,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,pokereyes345,"let me start this off by saying the reviews are very misleading.I am four hours in and am hooked.you will have to access the datalog to look up certain information, because the dialogue doesn't really do a good job of spelling out what these things are..the controls with the keyboard will take 10-20 minutes to get used to, but besides that the game is fantastic.great combat system and animated characters, besides Vanille. I have only played 4 hours but Vanille is like cancer to my ears."
,Recommended,292120,14364177,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Cry out,looks soo much better on the PC its hard to believe this game is a 2010 ps3. i think it can compete with ps4 graphics i beat this on ps3 and decided to replay it on pc. and i'm enjoying it.
,Recommended,292120,14409664,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Misaki,Great Graphics and an in-depth storyline too.
76561198066554218,Recommended,292120,14413806,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Taliesin,"I like this game; its got a great battle system and the soundtrack is nearly flawless. I'm only 15 hours into the game but so far the story is pretty captivating.my biggest beef with the game is that its pretty linear, but its no where near as bad as FF4. the graphics are amazing, especially for a game made in 2009! Most of the environments are breathtaking and very well designed.The characters have flaws and traits that are both likable and dislikeable, you'll have favourites and ones that you dont like as much, but overall, pretty well written characters. I got this game for $8 on sale and its was well worth it. if you're on the fence about the game i suggest buying it on sale. I actually prefer this to some of the earlier games like FF4 and FF10. 15 hours in and I'm not bored at all, FF13 starts slow, but if you give it time it really grows on you.I think this game is fun, dont listen to people who whine about the story, they are the reason FF Legends was made."
76561198066443000,Recommended,292120,14414987,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gotpwnage520,"Having played this game on Xbox 360, I can say I am happy to own it on PC now as well. I thoroughly enjoyed the game and I don't undertand what is so confusing about the story to people. At this point, I think it is just a fad to call this story confusing. Sure some of the charatcers seem a little flat and aren't lovable, but they grow on you in different ways. Definitely by far, Hope has the most character development and becomes one of my favorites story-wise by the end of the game.Enough about the story though, let's talk about the port. So far (Although I haven't played it much yet) I have not run into a single bug, runs just as smooth as you would expect from a Square Enix game. the 60fps is definitely noticable having played it at a now considerably less smooth 30fps on console. The anti-aliasing is also a great touch going all the way up to 16x to wipe away the jaggies that 7th gen console games are known for. Having not actually changed the textures of the game (which still look fine for 2014), don't worry about raising the settings and experiencing lag because as long as you meet the recommended, pump up that AA. The shadows resolution goes all the way up to 8k creating crisp player shadows suring fights and walking around. And last but not least, being able to run this game natively 1080p is a dream come true. Given the astonishing beauty of this game even on console, a 1080p version of it makes it all the better and really turns this game into a piece of art.Now as for cons, just wish that they would have tweaked the gameplay just a bit like the camera control which is still god-awful. All it wants to do is reset back to center. Might as well have a fixed camera. I would have liked better camera control to admire the beautiful scenery this game has to offer. Also speeding up the gameplay such as making paradigm shifts smoother like in XIII-2 would have been nice. Instead you have the long drawn-out shifts. Also I would have liked to see them up the amount of Gil you get from treasure chests or maybe throw in Gil when you win a battle. Gil shortage was a huge problem in the console version and required endless hours of Trapezohedron and Plat ingot hunting to get enough to get everyone's final weapons. On console, I put about 120 hrs into a single playthrough of this game and probably more than 20 of it was grinding for money... This game was obviously a copy and paste port, but at the price point, can't blame them.Given there are no bugs so far and the game looks better and plays just as well as on console, I give the port a 9/10 and the game a 8/10. For a final fantasy game story wise, 7.5/10.My RIGi5-3570K 3.5GHz Quad8GB RAMGIGABYTE GTX 770 2GB OC Edition120GB SSD (only for Windows launch though)2TB Hard Drive for storageASRock Extreme3 MoBo"
,Recommended,292120,14434404,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,RadicalCat,This is my first ff game that i have played and i think this game is fun and i really enjoyed the story ...BUT this game is Really HARD for me...
,Recommended,292120,14438648,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,JangCaloy,"After 7-8 years, finally got to play this game! Square Enix never fails to amaze me with their new games! The last game I played was Final Fantasy XII for the PS2. But this one was really a huge step forward! From the state of the art graphics, nostalgic gameplay structures and such! I recommend this game to all of the Final Fantasy series fans out there! And to those who are new to Final Fantasy, this game has nothing to do with other Final Fantasy series so rest assured!Currently playing this game in this specs with no major problems so far:Samsung NP300E4Z-S04Microsoft Windows 8.1 ProIntel Core i3-2350M CPU @ 2.30GHzNVIDIA GeForce GT520MX 1GB2GB+4GB RAM500GB HDDPSP 2001 with FuSA GamepadShadow Resolution: 1024x1024Anti-aliasing: 4xFull screen 720p - 1280x720Notice a few framerate drops on large environment and crowd. Overall rating: Awesome!!!! Thank you Square Enix for making another game that managed to capture my feelings~ haha~ Really looking forward to the Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII! :)"
76561198059919166,Recommended,292120,14440472,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,เด่นดี,Lightining.... :3
,Recommended,292120,14448088,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,raizon,It's okay
,Recommended,292120,13781443,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SMACKPUNK!,"This is a beautiful game to play, love the characters, scenary , fighting styles and the story mode. This is a must have game for all the RPG gamers."
,Recommended,292120,16732534,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,NomNomNom~,"If you are a fan of the series, go for it. If for you graphic comes first, go for it.Want some cool battle system which you might get bored after awhile? Want some confusing and fantasy stories? If your answers are yes, go for it.I like it personally partly as a fan of the series. But not recommeded for anyone new to the series and just wanna try it out."
,Recommended,292120,19188316,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ShadowRav,"Some hate it, some love it. Well I love this game. It has a great story, content, characters and great voice acting, one of the few things I didn't like is that... you can't get any GIL after fighting.Spent 63 hours on clearing almost everything achievement here."
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,292120,16519379,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Glenjamin,this game is absolute garbage. the story is absolute garbage til 30 hours in the combat system barely works it requires you to switch between different paradigms but  regardless of what paragidm you use sometimes rngn will screw you over. the other major problem with the combat system is the fact you have to wait to attack and then those attacks can be interrupted if you are attacked in the middle of them which means bosses that chain attacks can literally 4 shot you in any paradigm so regardless of what you use some fights just come down to rng aka luck to win. all around this is a downgrade in every way but one from other final fantasy games whats that one things you ask graphics. so if you want a turd wrapped in pretty paper buy fail fantasy 13 and youll have your wish granted. also gone is leveling now you have a completely asinine crysthanium leveling system which you get points to upgrade based off a rating system that shows up after combat but there is no clear cut way tol get a higher rating sometimes i do perfect and get 3 stars other times i almost die and i get 5 IN EVERY SINGLE WAY THIS GAME WAS A DISAPPOINTMENT.1/10 now i have to go boil my eyeballs to make the pain of my childhood dieing go away.
,Recommended,292120,18128124,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,76561193836715134,Nice game !
,Recommended,292120,18476577,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Strider,"Beautiful artwork, and amazing story. 10/10"
76561198098565494,Recommended,292120,19087314,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Thunder_Lordz,"I really like the XIIIs series, played it on PS3 and now the PC version of the game.Still waiting for the Lightning Returns to be release on PC :D"
,Recommended,292120,13822653,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bob Lee Swagger,Would hairstyle 10/10 - IGN
,Recommended,292120,19745015,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Hazmatt,"This game reminds me of Bioshock 2.  Not becuase their gameplay or thematic design is even slightly similar, but becuase they both got ridiculously unfair hate becuase folks were expecting something else, rather than becuase the game is bad.Everyone always talks about it being the worst FF and it just isn't at all. It does some things differently and in some places it stumbles, but at its core it is everything a ff games is supposed to be. It's fun, and set in a beautiful compelling world filled with compelling characters. You can find faults like how occasionally poor AI will cause you to lose a fight, or what have you, but it is a good game. Not a fantastic mindblowing game, but a good game I'll happily sink hours of free-time into.Three notes:1. It is linear. I don't think that is wrong, linear does not equal bad. Through a linear design it can more closely guide your experience and I think it shows in the pacing and build of the plot. It is nonetheless linear and I know many don't come to a jrpg for that kind of gameplay.2. It is simplified. Or at least feels so at times.3. It does kind of feel like the vast majority of the game is a tutorial. Again this is a design choice. Rather than quickly dumping all the mechanics on you then letting you get better gear over the course of the game, the characters evolve along with the story. Nice thought, but becuase of the precedent you never get the ""okay tutorial over""  subconcious cue so that feeling is left without closure and sort of hangs around. It also means the first third of the game feels a little sparce in mechanics."
,Recommended,292120,20666902,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Axel!,fucc what U heard this game is dope
76561198008254279,Recommended,292120,13995320,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rain,beautiful game ♥
76561198154478425,Recommended,292120,24101087,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jm,Simply the best!
,Recommended,292120,32934324,Posted: 28 June,all,D3epFre3Z,Love this game last final fantasy game that i played was FF*
,Recommended,292120,33190235,Posted: 3 July,all,Gigorga,"Oh child, perish the thought. I am more than that!You are ignorant of your place.You will taste agony!Submit!Perhaps, some of this?Characters like that, the choice of words have me sold."
76561198115617324,Recommended,292120,33224520,Posted: 4 July,all,umutsol02,Came for the hallway simulator;Stayed for the atrociously long fights with the superbosses.13/10 give me back my hallways.
,Recommended,292120,12519134,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,greensky42,"Updated: I have flipped this from a not recommend to a recommend thanks to the patch that changed a lot of the graphics issues. There's still a really stupid bug where there is a lot of frameskip if I don't have the xbox controller plugged in, but I'm glad Squeenix appears to be listening to the complaining and have made this port a lot better in the past couple months. Now it's a real treat to play on the PC, where landscapes/textures are even more vibarant and certain components of the game run even smoother than PS3 on a nice graphics card. Note that many pre-rendered movies for the game have not been upscaled, but still maintain a good quality even when playing in a nice 1080p graphics mode."
,Recommended,292120,14494784,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Irial,"I'm nearly done with my first playthrough and the flaws are poking at me with very sharp sticks. But the good parts are sparkly and great.I was a little skeptical when I decided to buy the game. I spent at least a week poring over the reviews before I actually bought the review. All of them give the same message : You MIGHT like this game. Good luck.Basically, the big issue I had was with how tedious some of the gameplay felt. Other than that, it was actually a really great game, with pretty graphics, not-boring (though somewhat confusing and cliche) plot, and a lovely battle system.The Plot:Just keep running. Just... keep running. Run through monsters. Crush them under your boots, and keep running. Run around them. Sneakily steal loot from treasure orb-chest-things while guarding mob isn't looking. Have issues with your party running away from you or you running away from them like twenty times before reuniting AND STAYING THAT WAY.Then slap the living daylights out of everything while trying to figure out what you're gonna do with the time you have left. You have like a dozen chapters to figure it out and even near the end you got some issues.The Verdict:I need a lot of CS. Therefore I must grind.I need a lot of gil. Therefore I must grind.I need equipment. Therefore I must get gil. Therefore I must grind.Yeah, at this point I'm gonna put down the controller and take a break. Probably play something else then come back and grind intensely.The slight tediousness is what kills the experience a little. The battle system is fun, but of course too much of a good thing gets tiring. Until you get the freedom to rearrange your party, around chapter 10 and 11, the whole game feels like a very, very long tutorial. It's great because the monsters are little weak babies, but then whammo you fall out of the sky into Pulse and there's Behemoths in pairs and giant turtoises dominating the plains. Whee. More running.I loved it at first, then slowly got kinda tired of it. I'll grow to love it again, but then the cycle'll keep going.So yeah, fair warning about buying it."
,Recommended,292120,14503088,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stan Marsh,"What can I say about FF XIII? This five-year-old game is the most beautiful game I have played! Those of you who don't mind both linearity and a bit too ""Japanese"" characters will find this game awesome. There are 40 GB of CGI cutscenes. =)"
,Recommended,292120,19690157,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Littlelion,"Not even completed with the story but I love this game!! Incredible music, story, & game play. One of my favorite games so far, I'm disapointed I didn't pick this game up sooner."
76561198116342558,Recommended,292120,19694720,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,dar270785,"The graphics in this game are amazing. This is a great port from the PS3/XBOX 360. The only issue is a weird frame stutter. But that might be due to my PC hardware:Intel Core i3 4330 3.5GHz8Gb DDR3 1600MHz RAMMSI 660GTX Power Edition320Gb 2.5"" HDD"
,Recommended,292120,19716808,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GonnaScrewUpEverything,Just awesome.
,Recommended,292120,14367334,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,愛ザック(低優先度のクズ市民),Great graphics like other square enix games and awesome interesting story. Only 'complain' I have is the unability to select my own teammates after chp 2. XD
76561198030919499,Recommended,292120,29173371,Posted: 10 January,all,FrankReynolds,"ff is getting old so i think all the negativity for this one is comparable to parents hating their kids ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new music. still, pretty common for a final fantasy game to called ""best game ever"" of its time, so even if this is the worst of the series doesn't necessarily mean it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameyou have to get used to the system and well past the point of always using ""auto-battle"" in which it just feels repetitive. seriously takes a while, but I started really enjoying it about 9 or 10 hours in. Worth noting is the art style/world is the best I've seen from FF in a while.Realizing I hadn't missed one since I started playing, a sort of nostalgic feeling got me to jump on the low sale price they were having. So I bought the entire 13 entries.  I'm not at all disappointed with the first one so far."
76561198104678030,Recommended,292120,26430720,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,YoRHa No.2 Type B,"Cool Lightning, cute Vanille, smoking hot Fang, useless Sazh, baby face Hope, ♥♥♥♥ing tanky Snow and a overly active chocobo which can't even find a ♥♥♥♥ing ribbon even thought running through the entire map for 30 mins... All together in the journey to slay gods and prove man's strength! Now I'm off to loli sister's journey!!!"
76561198041135253,Recommended,292120,27413915,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,puikulaperuna,"Story is amazing and emotional!! Slight performance issues, but at least you can play it on PC."
76561198103341551,Recommended,292120,29514756,Posted: 26 January,all,Light Shift,"Out of all the Final Fantasy games, I've only cried at the end of two: IX and XIII.I play Final Fantasy because I am driven by two things: Story and combat. The somewhat linear model never bothered me...I actually found it quite enjoyable. Best Final Fantasy combat out there for sure.And in my opinion, one of the best Final Fantasy stories out there. Such complexity, beauty and relatability.I couldn't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,292120,28893923,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Valkyrie862,"God yes! The landscapes are breathtaking, the character development is so deep, and the overall storyline is amazing! Of course the game is long, but if you honestly just follow the plot, you'll find that this game is one of the best FFs there are."
,Recommended,292120,13916171,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,💎 Prism 💎,"Final Fantasy 13 well the biggest pro for this game is mainly just because of the fantastic jaw dropping art and creativity that has been put into some of the creatures and places that you will visit over time, i could not believe my eyes after seeing the detail of these great and fascinating monuments. Besides the artwork, the game itself lacks a decent story and for the game play which leaves you very little offer, the path you take for around 90% of the game does not offer exploration and instead is completely linier and very dull. The battles however are extremely over doneat times and even very frustrating, some battles force you to fight the same boss twice and it has even caused me to lose my interest in the fight completely and even a few times i have had the game crash at the following cutscenes without warning forcing me to fight that same boss two more times, but i rather call that last part a half and half problem, both due to my computer and due to the game not having any graphic or video settings which can be turned down to prevent graphic errors or preformence issues, other then that my game runs rather smooth. Final Fantasy 13 would have to be the ''odd one out''as my experiance seems frustrating rather then enjoyable, but in the end i give it a 6.5 / 10."
76561198115290485,Recommended,292120,21780681,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Isami,"Day 42 on the ship. I cannot fathom another fight with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster. My wife and kids miss me. They often ask when we will eat again. I cannot answer. Play is the only thing I know, breathe, consume, and defecate. If only Trump was here to help me and motivationally encourage me to make myself great again. I also need that sweet toupe he has, I've been balding for a long time. Hair injunctions dont work for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Please donate to my paypal to end my suffering. My GoFundMe works as well. @ff13-2-696969myparentsdontloveme9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB.Investigate 3/11.Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer."
76561198156080670,Recommended,292120,26337843,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hyuga Kojiro,"New Battle Mode, Changing Paradigm in the middle of battle, bosses with 10k+ hpvery nice"
,Recommended,292120,26405558,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Aethiv,"After many breaks I've finally managed to finish this game.Beginning of this review may not sound too encouragingly,nonetheless I'm still going to recommend this game to every fan of intresting, addicting stories.Unfortunately, somewhere in the middle of a game combat get's pretty boring and predictable, what caused me to put it off for some time. Although, as soon as you get hooked into story (and in my opinion well developed charcacters), you'll play it even just to know what happens next.Luckily you can change the difficulty to easy, which will fasten your adventure.As in every FF game the soundtrack is outstanding and the graphics still suprise in some aspects.I'd recommend you to just take out your controller, lay comfortably on a bad/chair and enjoy the game, cuz that's what it's made for.Summarizing,The game is pretty mediocre,but the stroy is definitelly enjoyable!"
76561198110723873,Recommended,292120,14023930,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,reddrgon81,GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,292120,14562796,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kotil Stonehead,"As they said where everybody is super there nobody is super. Main character Snow is flat and... wait Hope is the main charachter... no wait or maybe Light, it doesn't metter.  If you have at least a little bit of brain you might not like it. Why? because this game treats you you like an idiot. 1. Almost everything is set to auto and you are not allowed to do anything. 2. Compare to previous parts - no freedom, places or world map to be discovered, only very narrow corridors you are running straight from point A to B. 3. You are not allowed to pick you characters, instead they are split and you are jumping every 30 minutes to different team with slightly different story (but no history about them at all). 4. You have to spent a lot of time reading about the entire background story to undderstand what is going on. 5. Couple of major bosses I've finished pressing only one button ""A"" on my controller (was eating lunch at the same time). If you want to play good Final Fantasy game, I would recommend FFV, FFVI, FFVII, FFVIII instead."
,Not Recommended,292120,14518035,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jedi LORD Edward Cullen,"3/10I love FF games. This game is a terrible let down for the series. Linearity to the point of disbelief, boring simplistic combat. I can't comment on the story because I uninstalled after about an hour. FFX had a similarly confusing beginning, but the story was far more gripping and the world more immersive. FF!2 had a far better semi real time combat system.The graphics were fine. Impressive, even, considering the time this game was made. But not enough.The only way I can imagine you'll like it is if you haven't played a better FF game. Huge disappointment. Thank god I didn't buy a PS3 to play this."
76561198095384181,Recommended,292120,18560256,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Roojhin,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. if u think it is bad u are wrong and dumb lol byeeeeeee
,Recommended,292120,17911256,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,T.Phong,Waifu girl is the reason im buy this game
76561197996738656,Not Recommended,292120,29276056,Posted: 15 January,all,Mythophile,"This game is just okay. It has real flaws, but isn't as awful as it's sometimes made out to be. True the battle system is dreadful, and the corridors are annoying, but I did like having such a character focused story.I didn't like was some of the rediculous gatchas thrown in to make a more complicated plot; this game has a some goofy plot points that probably could have been done much, much better. CinemaSins on youtube has a hilarious 3 video review of what the plot and story did wrong, and it's well worth watching.Also didn't like the lame combat system, stupid puzzles, and cardboard character stereotypes."
,Recommended,292120,13852247,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LGz | Tshisu,This is one of the most amazing games i've ever had pleasure to play.
,Recommended,292120,14403133,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cambra,"This is one of my favorite games. People say it's linear and it is, but you can still choose to play the end game or not, which is about 40% of the game. The game might lack some mystery for being linear in terms of where to go and what to do, but the story makes up for that by being just as mysterious and making you want to keep going. I've played all of the Final Fantasy games and I just agree with this one the most personally.  The combat is fun to figure out as well and gives you options to customize your team how you want to play. You can focus on Buffs,Debuffs,Meele,Casting,Tanking. While sometimes it's necessary to focus on certain ones more than others you still develop your own way of playing different than others. The summons aren't as amazing or appealing as previous FF games though. One of the huge things I like is that the main character doesn't whine or come off as annoying like most other FF Games."
,Not Recommended,292120,19972612,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Benitsuki,"Crash simulator 2014, thankfully the refund button didnt crash"
,Not Recommended,292120,19983494,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yo Gabba Gabba!,"Dialogue is corny, characters are corny, fighting is lame, though I heard it only takes 6 hours of gameplay for it to get any better"
76561198179075525,Not Recommended,292120,29211560,Posted: 12 January,all,Gabe The Dog,"As a long time Final Fantasy fan, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.This game lacks substance. There's nothing to break up the boring, monotonous gameplay. No real minigames, nothing really other than a hallway simulator with some terrain changes to make it appear like you're actually doing something.Final Fantasy X had blitzball, it was an integral part of that game and it was a lot of fun. It made sense from a lore perspective and they just happened to make it a very enjoyable minigame too. It had chocobo racing and quite a few other minigames.Final Fantasy VII had so many minigames there's not even a point to me mentioning it.The point I'm trying to make here, is that all those other games had SUBSTANCE. The combat and the storyline was the main attraction yes, but they had many other aspects to the game that made the world interesting and fun. Exploration, The Chocobo races in FFVII even had a betting system, it had that fully fledged Mog Game.FF 13 has no real substance aside from it's main narrative. Walk a bit - fight - walk a bit - fight. Story advances. Rinse, repeat.The graphics are really good and the gameplay is so so. The soundtrack is decent, but it doesn't have any memorable tracks like Nubuo Uematsu's from FF7. That being said, this games biggest flaw is that it fails to captivate me in any way shape or form unlike almost every Final Fantasy before it had done.The Paradigm system was interesting to use and fun at times, but I prefer Turn Based Combat akin to the majority of FF Games.I'm finishing this because I'm a diehard FF fan and not because I want to."
76561198120081381,Not Recommended,292120,19942653,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,"(V)_|0,,,0|_(V)","This game was so bad, it made me write my first review. The game basically consists of walking in straight lines, and is a dissapointment to the Final Fantasy series. You can only control a single character at a time (the rest are controlled by AI), and fights are basically made obsolete by an auto-attack button that chooses the best attack option for you. There is no leveling up through fights (so one may ask why even bother to engage enemies), and most engagements can be avoided by walking around an enemy. Combining all this with save points every 30 seconds (literally), just makes me wonder why even bother playing?The story line is completely lackluster and mind numbingly dull, yet you are forced to sit through an eternity of cut-scenes after every linear corridor you walk through. It makes little to no sense if you don't intend on reading the never ending amount of side notes in the menu, and is possibly the worst in the entire Final Fantasy series.Don't waste your money on this."
76561198026451162,Not Recommended,292120,19839823,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,O Tempora!,"As much as I wanted to like this game, the best I could do was tolerate it. Even with a modicum of interest in seeing the storyline unfold, it was hard going being dragged through one wearisome corridor of battles after another for the sake of just a moment or two of exposition; then another gruelling corridor. The new combat system doesn't involve you enough to keep it interesting. I appreciate what they were trying to achieve, but it's a system that leaves you feeling like a passenger, idly mashing the auto attack button, rather than a participent in the fight.It's not so bad a game as others would suggest, but it is difficult to recommend, even for a fan of the series."
76561198092684126,Recommended,292120,14408826,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LDJoy,Moms are Tough. 10/10
,Recommended,292120,14436781,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Megachode,"This is my first Final Fantasy game besides FFX. I actually enjoy this game much more than X. I think the gameplay is exploratory, yet successful."
76561198201170762,Recommended,292120,17707684,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Chainsawmonkey :D,"If u are look for a challenge, well this game is for u .1.) music is so cool2.) when it rains or snows its look real3.) the fighting system is awsome4.) the bosses are hard and cool lookingOver all this game is perfect 10/10"
76561197999715595,Recommended,292120,13845735,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pumpernikkeli,"XIII doesn't deserve all the bad reputation it received, just some of it.Story and characters are on the bad side in the series and game is pretty much one single linear path until like 15 hours into the game, at which point you can branch off a bit to do stuff. Combat system is new and fresh, but can be absolutely frustrating sometimes and game implements some questionable mechanics (like a lot of normal mobs can 1 shot entire party without sentinel) just to make it work. You also control only 1 character's combat directly, with even less freedom to customize other members' actions compared to XII. Equipment system is IMO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and character progression is a linear path disguised in a convoluted spiral-grid-abomination thingy just to make you think you have choices (you don't).Graphically this game is about what you'd expect from FF port, console quality with some few improvements. All in all the port is quite lazy, everything is just pulled over to PC as is. It's fine though, as most will play this with a controller probably anyway. Fixing the instant esc quitting was a nice thing too.So, after ranting about all the bad and irrelevant sides of the game, why did I give it a thumbs up? It's still an interesting game, world looks great, I liked monster and boss designs, and combat, once you get used to it, can be really fun. XIII also refreshingly hard Final Fantasy unless you grind your♥♥♥♥♥off. Still, it's only barely thumbs up.It's not expensive considering how long game you get for this amount, and it's not all bad either, so you probably should at least give XIII a shot if you like JRPGs."
76561198050919905,Recommended,292120,27545419,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drizzit,Orignally played on Ps3 and still love it.Pros:Brilliant story and likable characters.Lots of sidequests and things to do even if some of them can get a bit repetative over time.As always in FF great music.Cons:Game has some performance issues due to being a pretty poor port from consoles and sadly the complaints have been completely ignored. Still playable but dont expect it to perform great even if you have a monster computer.If you like the FF franchise you will love this one!
,Recommended,292120,14583625,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[NES] iBlack,I played a few of the FF games growing up on PS1 and loved them. Only four hours in (of an estimated 45-60) and I'm hooked. If you're a fan of the series I definitely recommend picking this up!
,Recommended,292120,28843115,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AngryAlexShow,I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This game runs fantastic and it looks better than ever since I last played it on the xbox 360. I'm in the minority but I loved the 13 series. One bad thing is for some reason the game loses frames when you have a steam chat window open. I don't know why. Once you close all the chat windows then the game runs great in 60 fps :p
,Recommended,292120,13705003,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"Manozo ""Lgod"" Bundo ppopper","Is this the best final fantasy game ever made? No. Not by a long shot. However, it does have enjoyable combat, semi believable characters, and a fascinating world. The story can be convoluted at times, and there is an unfortunate lack of freedom until about 2/3 through the game, but it's a well-built package that I would heartily recommend."
,Recommended,292120,19541067,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Naruchin ☆,"It's okay. Story is stupid and confusing, characters are idiots, progress is super linear, combat looks flashy and cutscenes are well directed. Still thumbs up because it sucked away 70 hours of my life, so it must have some positive elements to it."
,Recommended,292120,19691911,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Katsuki Bakugou,"A really great game and was glad they made it PC compatible, though i do wish they had FFX as wellPeace out!"
,Recommended,292120,13988043,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,HOpeLess,story rich nice graph
,Recommended,292120,16612073,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sweetz,"There is where I really need a ""meh"" review option.  Final Fantasy XIII is kind of a mess...yet I was still compelled to finished it.The first half of the game is linear to a fault, this would be fine if the battles were interesting at that point, but they aren't.  So you're looking at 20-30 hours of hitting the A button until you get to the next very pretty cutscene.Then it opens up and becomes more engaging in the gameplay department for a while, until you realize at that point it has just become a grindy, fairly boring JRPG of yore.The story is fairly close to being complete nonsense and the characters are hard to relate to when they're trying to get their overwrought anime drama-on in a universe that's built on pillars of gobbledegook.  That said, I somewhat begrudgingly grew to like the characters -- only a little mind you, but that's more than I thought I would based on what they were like in the beginning.And yet in spite of many flaws...I still finished it.  I guess because once you put the battles on easy difficultly (highly recommended if you value your time) it's fairly inoffensive to play and nonsense though it may be, I was still interested in seeing the story brought to its conclusion."
,Recommended,292120,16612090,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cydrox,"The story is very linear and this is my first FF but I still don't like how so many enemies are mechanical and designed in a weird artistic way (I guess I'm just not a big fan of JRPG). Some characters are annoying like Hope and Vanille, one being extremely whiny and the other is the most squeaky and optimistic girl ever. That doesn't mean every character is though. Also, the characters are very generic, with their personalities being locked and hardly ever change, like Hope, who always blames other people for any event. The reasons I will recommend this is the gorgeous artwork, fun battles and great storyline! Also, I admit I did play it for Lightning, because she is my waifu after all.*Curls up in corner thinking about Lightning.*8/10 (Not the best port to PC)"
,Not Recommended,292120,16943786,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kilo,"J'ai essayé, je me suis accroché mais♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ que c'est chiant :'("
,Recommended,292120,14546902,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Windscene,"Unique style JRPG. Sweet eye candies, ok storyline(line writing and plot are of cliche from serious Japan anime), plus strategic + fast pace ATB system.But no choice where to go and what to do(which many players saying about :P). You should pass through a corridor by some trial error.Anyway if you could enjoy playing JRPG, this game would be good choice."
,Recommended,292120,14500749,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nanami,"Even till the end of the game, I still didn't get the story..but the beauty of visuals just made me keep playin'spend $15 is worth it *thumbs"
76561198317057211,Not Recommended,292120,33090139,Posted: 1 July,all,langitcerah,"Since I live in Indonesia, Steam only gives me the Asian version of this game. Hence the spoken language/ audio is in Japanese only and there is no way to change that. It's so stupid, why would they think that just because I live in Indonesia, I would enjoy Japanese audio?After some online searching, I found that for those in US or Europe, they will get an option to change the audio to English. Why just for US and Europe? Square Enix, if you already have the English audio, just give them all in the download package!Needless to say, I asked for a refund immediately."
,Not Recommended,292120,30087641,Posted: 21 February,all,kyra,"Unfortunately, this game stuttered literally every second, making it very unenjoyable and almost unplayable. I believe the issue was caused by the game constantly searching for a controller, and being unable to find one. If you do not own a controller, you may experience this issue with the game so be wary. Needless to say, I had to refund this game. I'm just glad I bought it while it was on sale."
76561198227326280,Recommended,292120,33446556,Posted: 10 July,all,Raegna,"Kinda late, kinda bored now that I finished the game (35 hours or so-not sure if steam keeps the correct track since I did it mostly offline), so here are my thoughts about it!I could start by saying that it took me a while to get used to the fighting style, which has a very fast pace (you can also set it to a slow mode but... come on, fast thinking its the hardest challenge in this game), I could also say that the clusterf***ck of a story it has prevented me from playing it as soon as I bought the game (which I regret tremedously).Here you get involved in a journey which will drive you from Fal'cies to L'cieth, from Cocoon to Pulse, and from Pulse to Ragnarok! I wont spoil the story for you, it's rich but it creates a whole another level for the word ""cliché"", but somehow it manages to keep the player trapped into the game, due to great graphycs, fast paced turn by turn combat action. That and the fact that after 1 hour of gameplay you just wanna get rid of all those god damn fal'cies.ORRRR...the things we do for a Chocobo!What's a FF game without them?....it could not even be called a spin-off.Near the end of the game, on chapter 11 (out of 13), we get into Pulse, a wide open area full of powerfull enemies, secrets and side quests that will help you get your characters stronger...its optional, but if you are into RPGs, you know the deal, this is the only reasonable farming place, and thankfully it's a pleasant zone to spend some time and getting your Chocobo, and get access to many hidden areas that are only reachable while riding those filthy-ugly-but-cute-horse-wannabe-bird! (I am registering that under TM!) (No, Im not!).Its a long game, with plenty of challenges so, here are the pros and cons:PROS:-Geniune battle system, wierd at 1st, but excellent to make fast paced fights.-A LOT OF CUSTOMIZATION, you can make your party so versatile that there is more than 1 way of beating a hard boss!-Remember GFs? Here those are called Eidollons, and not only you can ride them, but you can controll them on the fights, choosing which skill the have to cast.-If you play on the normal mode (if you chose Easy, I will haunt you!), CONGRATULATIONS, not only you are brave, but you are heading towards really hard challenges.-A DOOM timer on the final boss fight was just hilarious (I had never seen a DPS-race on a Final Fantasy boss encounter!)CONS:-Linear: The 1st RPG I play where the path is linear. You can get used to it or you can just hate it, ask for a refund and move on. I get used to it but was dissapointed at the beginning.-Upgrade system trolls new players, after you spend all your gill to upgrade your weapon for  the 1st time, you come to realize that the the levels and items used are wasted since the new version it´s a lvl 1 weapon with very lame stats, that eventually will get stronger after you farm your♥♥♥♥♥off and upgrade it again (Im looking at you LionHeart).-You can choose to do the sidequests before or after you actually beat the game, If you did the former, your player power will be tremendous, I was able to beat the Final Boss on my 1st try without even reading a guide because I had a maxed Crystarium, Weapons and Items...so dont grind too hard to make it Epic!Final Words:A game that filled up my expectations, felt weird the first time because it's very different from the previous FF's I had played (all but 12 and 14), and has a fun story, cliché's aside (dont wanna ever hear Snow say ""Hero"" again). Totally worth  the time you gotta invest to finish it!Could have been a 9/10 but since the designers seem to have a fetish with pink-colored haired female characters (come on guys, you can do better...Lightning, Vanille and Serah..all 3 on pink??)...I wont pass that one soooo..............................8/10! tell your Mom that I approve this game!"
,Recommended,292120,14711670,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ziavadnir,"Steam said I've been playing for 2 hours but actually I've played 10 hour in offline mode.This game is a bit different. It isn't like any other JRPGs. I started to know final fantasy when i bought psp and played crisis core ffvii and thats awesome. I hope to see that in this game but rather get the same experience, i got it alittle boring. This game is so damn linear and unlike any other FF games this game dont features sidequest or hidden treasure but still, this is a good game.ProsThis game has amazing graphics (CGI maybe) and good battle system. I am an anime fan and of course I like the voice acting and the classic music is fantastic. Interesting place or setting for the game.ConsIt was very LINEAR, its like u just following a long straight path. Character motive is difficult to understand.Weird leveling system, u couldn't upgrade what u want.Overall this grame is great but like I mentioned above its not too great to be ur JRPG. If u hatehallway u shouldn't pick up this. Go straight to XIII-II"
,Recommended,292120,30226126,Posted: 27 February,all,Helevorn,"Really nice and enjoyable, it takes some hours of gaming though in order to get into the action properly. There are many flaws, and things like ""potions heal all"" and ""you get completely healed after every battle"" are.. not Final Fantasy at all. Yeah, this game actually bears little resemblance to its predecessors, and moreover its story is very flat and dispersive. The gameplay though is fast-paced and funny, you can change your jobs continuously in battle and it has nothing similar to the FFV system. Bear in mind that you're gonna play a great visual RPG, but that stands no comparison with titles such as FFVI and so on. Definitely worth a playthrough, though.. it's funny, and of course graphically it's awesome!"
76561198096882567,Not Recommended,292120,30382656,Posted: 7 March,all,Venom Snake,"As of now, I am nearly done with the 12th of the 13th chapter, and I can say that this may be one of if not the most repetitive, boring, and unenjoyable Final Fantasy games I've ever played. I am pretty much only finishing the game so I can say that I've beaten it and then I can delete it off of my hard drive forever. I do not recommend this unless it's less than $10, as any more is not worth your time or effort, and even then is only for people wanting to beat every game out of some obligation."
76561198154573212,Recommended,292120,19550836,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,K',the game starting to lag :( in chapter 9
,Recommended,292120,18754578,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The Grim Reaper,I find this game to be the best in the serise it has same wonderfull places to see and check out and I love the combate.i dident find any short commings at all in this game i loved it.
76561198062240481,Recommended,292120,19513200,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Undead,"After almost 10 hours of mediocre Gameplay and Story, Final Fantasy XIII really takes the player to an unforgettable Journey. Once youre into the System, you'll be able to enjoy this Game more than everything else available on Current-Gen Systems. worth a try!"
,Recommended,292120,17935966,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,LeFaust,"FF XIII is not a ""traditional"" Final Fantasy game in the sense that it places the story front and center for the vast majority of the game. This is different than other FF games in that the battle systems, mini-games, character abilities, and exploration are primarily hands-off affairs for the first 15+ hours. Once that period is over, there is a rich game to explore and delve into, but it takes time and not everyone will be up for the investment it takes to get there.Here's the breakdown section by section:StoryThe majority of the story in FF XIII happens between the characters that you control and the group of seemingly antagonistic entities known as Fal'Cie. There is quite a bit that happens that would take far too long to detail, but know that this is a pretty story-rich game with decent character development and a satisfying story arc for each character. That said, there isn't a lot of explanation of the backstory for the world, the Fal'Cie, and environments that happens in-game, which leaves the player with questions. There is much, much more information that can be gained by reading the datalogs in the menu, but it can be quite tedious and it's a shame that there wasn't more of this information put in the actual game. Clearly this game asks for a large amount of time from the player, would it have been that much more onerous to explain the inner-workings of the game's world to the user without resorting to datalogs?BattlesThe battle system for a FF game is a good one. Similar to FF XII you are only in control of one of your three party members at a time, with the computer taking over for the other two. You can assign ""paradigms"" to your party, with one of six being active at any one time, with the ability to switch to others mid-battle. This system works well throughout the entire storyline, but can occasionally cause problems when attempting optional late-game content. In some late-game scenarios it would be extremely helpful to have more control over the other two members of your party, and sometimes you might have to retry battles due to computer players making bad decisions.ExtrasAs stated earlier, there is a point late in the game in which you can explore/grind/take on side missions that really shines. This section of the game really feels more like a final fantasy game than the rest, and if you're a fan of the series then this section will definitely scratch your itch for more FF. If you're not a veteran, than this area still holds some value and interest if you're enjoying the RPG aspects of the game and want to go further. While some people might argue that it was frustrating to leave this section until the later parts of the game, I think it was actually a good idea. Players who only want to experience the story can do so and can completely ignore this section of the game. While others who want the ability to ignore the story for a bit and develop their characters and inventory further can do so without the worry of having missed certain items or content earlier in the game. With all the ""missables"" of previous FF games being a frustration to completionists (especially FFXII with the Zodiac Spear nonsense), leaving this content until later works out really well. There are plenty of challenging side-missions and achievements to hunt that will satisfy all but the most hardcore of FF fan."
,Recommended,292120,20024499,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sentinel,"good graphic, good story, good battle9.5/10. recommeded to you."
76561198033156135,Recommended,292120,13318569,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Miro Laaksonen,"Note:This review is updated to take the recently added graphic options into account.I'll start with the port before moving to my opinion about the game itself (which I for some idiotic reason 100% completed).PC port:Graphic options:The recent patch added graphic options to the game, which include-Custom resolutions (up to 1080p (+?))-MSAA Anti-aliasing (up to x16)-Shadow resolutions (up to 8192 x 8192)-(and full-screen/windowed mode)So yeah, it's better than nothing, but it's not exactly amazing. Options are also changed in the launcher, which means that you can't change them in the game. The game runs at 60fps.(It might be that the resolution goes higher than 1080p and it just doesn't show them to me because I have a 1080p monitor. Let me know if this is the case.)Performance is poor, as a result of very poor PC optimization. Some people have reported that they are running this with smooth 60fps, but other people have reported huge performance issues even with high-end machines. I myself am getting around 30fps. What seems to be causing this is the UI, which is in some way bugged, and disabling the UI via a thirdy party program actually gives me a huge performance increase. However, you obviously can't play the game without the UI. This is something that Square should really look in to and fix it. FFXIII is not an action game so I found that bareable, but your opinion (and performance) may vary. I'd never play an action focused game at 30fps.There is still no audio options, which is a problem for some people. There's also both Japanese and English audio, although this heavily increases the file size.The game is roughly 50gb, so that might a problem for you if you have a small hard-drive or a slow internet connection.Keyboard and mouse controls are functionable, although I found playing with a controller much more pleasant.Keyboard and mouse controls are mostly rebindable. Mostly. You can't rebind movement controls from WASD (or whatever AZERTY uses) and selection keys, which are left and right mouse buttons. I really don't see this as a problem because, honestly, would you actually ever rebind those? Rest of the keys are fully rebindable.So yeah, the port is still very barebones, but if you can deal with that, I think that the game is worth playing.Review of the actual game:Final Fantasy XIII is a very story focused game, so if this is not what you are looking for, I wouldn't recommend the game for you. First eleven chapters of the game are very linear, but this allowed them to focus on the story telling in a way that would not have been possible on a more open game, although at times even I found this linearity fairly dull. I actually quite enjoyed the story of the game.I have one problem with the characters though. In my opinion, Final Fantasy XIII has five well written characters, and then there is Lightning. I just found her incredibly boring character, and aside from one scene in around chapter 4 or something with Hope, she received practically zero character development. This would not be a huge problem if she wouldn't happen to also be the main character of the game. On the other hand, I found all the other characters very well written.Combat system of the game is fairly unique, and while it starts out as very repetitive, I did find it quite interesting after a while. Although I must recommend that do not use ""Auto-Battle"" button. Just don't, that makes the combat very dull and isn't always the most optional option anyway. I have some minor problems with it though, biggest one being that you can't change your party leader/controlled character during the combat. I heart that this is changed in FFXIII-2, so I'm quite looking forward to that.Soundtrack of the game was in my opinion also very good, although thanks to the sound balance (which you can not change due to lack of audio options), it's not quite as loud as I would have liked.As I said, the game is very linear, but honestly, the side quests that the game introduces in chapter 11 are very dull. I got obsessed with it and got all the achivements, but I really do not recommend that. It is very grindy and takes countless of hours and hours, and hours of time. There is a reason why only 0,64% have the Treasure Hunter achievement. Just, don't do it. Play through the story and do those few side quests (Cie'th Stone missions) that you do during it, and leave it at that.In the end, I enjoyed FFXIII, despite its faults. Thanks to the linearity, I found some of the chapters fairly boring and doing all the side quests definitely wasn't enjoyable, but the story, combat, and the characters (aside from Lighting) were quite good. I do recommend the game, at least to fans of JRPGs."
,Not Recommended,292120,21853540,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TGrG,"Linear, on-rails, inept at storytelling. Combat system an absolute borefest for the first two hours, it gets better afterwards, but it won't let you choose your leader and, in six hours of gameplay, it wouldn't let me pick my battle team either. I played up to a particularly annoying enemy called Odin and lost my patience after the first five tactics didn't work, because the guy would get my only other team member killed.I would've stomached trying a bit more, but what for? Nonsensical dialogue and plot points that never get explained, all centered around the most irritating character since Squall? On top of that, while the Paradigm system is interesting on its own, battles ended up being a ""screw around with the menus"" excercise. I have Microsoft Excel for that.Your mileage may vary.Incidentally, Japanese audio is left in, which is a huge plus and I have to congratulate Square Enix for it, but the port drops at 30fps at random, no matter how high or low the settings, for no good reason. Didn't try keyboard controls, but the gamepad's fine and responsive.The PC port isn't too bad, but the game is just not good enough to justify the price. I got it on a sale and I have buyer's remorse."
,Not Recommended,292120,21677647,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Samfucius,I thought they were exaggerating when they said 10 hour tutorial.They were not exaggerating.
,Recommended,292120,23903653,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ghostly,"Made for a controller, and does not work too well for keyboard and mouse. But it still is really fun and luckily I have a steam controller. I only recommend this if you have a controller that you can use for this game."
76561198040743165,Recommended,292120,16458487,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sqwidee,8/8 gr8suppr0t this pr0t
,Recommended,292120,26498856,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"The Game’s Actual Name: Ah Final Hallway Thirteen. This isn’t a joke, most of the game is on rails, just hallway after hallway, but that’s what makes it a Final Fantasy Game. Grinding out game experience is something RPG and MMO Fans hold dear to their heart in joy or in anguish.  My first time grinding out EXP in a bunch of hallways was Final Fantasy 5 on the SNES.The Grind: This FF Game is an Item Grind. Less Character EXP, and more emphasis on improving your Weapon and Accessory Slots. You can totally complete the game without a huge investment in grinding, it’s just much harder to complete. Like and grinding game (and achievement wise) it’s going to take upwards of +100 hours to nab all of these if you’re going for 100% completion. Many guides exist to show you grinding locations. Pro Tip: Search FFXIII Adamantoise Farming in Google for starters and get ready for spamming Death with Vanille. (is this considered a Spoiler?)Game Mechanics: For those of you who have played all the previous FF Titles, it is a more chaotic, fast paced, and refined version of FFX-2. Now hear me out before you curse me for mentioning that game… Eventually each character can spec into each role, Commando, Ravager, Medic, Synergist, Sentinel, and Saboteur. Each character is better at one role than another and bring their personal flair into it. In battle you set up Paradigms which are a combination of your role across your 2 or 3 active characters.  You can preset a stock of up to 6 different Paradigms. These can be switched freely in battle at any given time, even mid attack animation.  Each Role has a function it carries out.Character Stats this time around a much more simplified than other Final Fantasy games. You have Strength, Magic, and HP. Strength determines your Physical Damage (Com) and Magic, your Magical Damage (Rav).Weapons & Accessories: Your Weapon then adds some baseline stats to your overall Strength and Magic Values. Weapons also are part of an Item set that confer bonuses to specific actions or other game mechanics. Accessories augment your character by either raising stats, conferring resistance to elemental attacks, increase HP, and a different variety of things. Guides exist to show the item set each piece belongs to, but that is outside the scope of this Review.Stagger Bar: Each enemy has a Stagger bar which ones it hits a certain threshold, the enemy is “broken” and damage to it increases at an accelerated rate. In this state some enemies don’t even attack.Roles:Commandos are direct damage dealers who cause the stagger bar to deplete at a much slower rate.Ravagers are magic and weapon imbued magic damage dealers whose main purpose is increasing the progress of the Stagger Bar.Medics heal and dispel negative effects.Synergists pass out party buff spells like Protect which reduces incoming physical damage.Saboteurs dish out magical debuffs to the enemy like Slow and Poison and act as the magic version of the Commando.Sentinels absorb damage and taunt enemies with Provoke. They are the Tanks and can even Counterattack while Defending.My 6 Stock of Paradigms are Relentless Assault (Com,Rav,Rav) // Diversity (Com,Rav,Med) // Evened Odds (Sab,Syn,Med) // Smart Bomb (Rav,Rav,Sab) // Solidarity (Com,Sen,Med) // Combat Clinic (Sen,Med,Med) Of course some fights do require to you change up a bit when time is of the essence. Try Tri-Disaster (Rav,Rav,Rav) at 50% stagger bar for Quick Kills.  At the end of the day though, slot in the 6 that fit you best.Final Thoughts: It has a great story in my opinion with over the top cliché voice acting. For its current price of $16.00 USD I’d say it’s a good buy.As Always watch gameplay videos before buying!"
76561198202661811,Recommended,292120,33471175,Posted: 11 July,all,Dora's Bizzare Adventure,This game is a beautiful classic
76561198082552260,Recommended,292120,15231089,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,STIGMA,"REALLY FUN GAME, This game is addicting and you will have fun just grinding on enemies to lvl up your character.I really recommend thia game to those RPG loversSQUARE ENIX PLZ ADD FINAL FANTASY 15 TO PC AS WELL AS KINGDOM HEARTS 3 :D"
,Not Recommended,292120,12432563,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,L.I.G.H.T,"meh.. stuttering, not constant 60fps,"
76561198000080343,Not Recommended,292120,12447098,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ツ♛JEGEREN♛ツ,not a good game 4 me
76561198004035212,Recommended,292120,12427003,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,luxv66,Once you tweak the game to run at 1080p it looks great and runs well.
76561198144763163,Recommended,292120,12440474,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Oplan Tokhang,"I'm playing the Asian version of the game (with Jap audio) and it's only 29 GB of download. I feared much after hearing the gigantic size of the Western vesrion, although there's no option for me to change the dub language.The game seems magnificent even with only 720p resolution (probably my rig's a factor too) and plays smoothly. I'm not a good game critic, but I'm a fan of the series and I think this one's a good port."
76561198011055772,Not Recommended,292120,12531389,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Meh,"Unless Square Enix releases a patch fixing pretty lazy performance issues, i suggest to everyone to stay way from this."
,Recommended,292120,12545140,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,zatone,"Okay, first of all all I did not like that the game came with such a poor resolution by defualt, but after installing a third party tool, this game shined once again for me. The graphics turn amazing and I was again surprised as I was when this game came out and played it on PS3. This game in much more linear than most of other FF in the game series and the first installment n the series of FF XIII has a slow start, but later on the game becomes really fun. I totally support this game, specially if this mean square enix will bring other RPGs to PC.I have read so many complains about the graphics or the escape issue but really, is nothing that big. As a PC gamer I hardly press escape by mistake. This game is not perfect by far, but supporting it will show the industry it should release this games on PC too.I will definitely recommend it to any RPG fan and I cannot wait to get the other 2 parts of the series. If SE bring FF XII to PC it will blow my mind!!EDIT: After playing the game a lot and been grinding in chapter 11 like crazy, I can say the game is as good as I remembered. I know it wont beat classics from SE but having on PC, the game looks amazing. The audio is spectacular, I have a 7.1 system, which I used on my PS3 as well and I do not remember the audio sound this clear. The sorround effects are great. I really recommend this game. I just hope we could get ports of the new HD version of FF-X/X-2.  But if SE realice how much more they can sell on Steam, I know they will make them available."
76561197990287539,Not Recommended,292120,12446235,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mat3rius,"I played the game in the PS3 for many hours and not even 15 minutes on the PC and i´m shocked about the game.At first the only resolution is 1280x720, for the computers of today it is a shame that sutch a beautiful game only runs in that ""low"" resolution.That alone is not that bad but in the cutscenes the FPS drops to almost zero the sound goes on than the sound stops for a second and the cutscene goes on.My first thougt was ""ok thats bad but lets see whats about the fights"" the first fight started and before i can make my first attack the fps freezes for a second.Like i said i did not even played for 15 minutes and i´m so disapointed.In my opinion the game is not worth to buy until you can change the resolution and the frame freezes in fight are gone.Some infos about my PCCPU: Intel I5-2500K 3.3 GHzGrafic: Gforce GTX 680Windows 7 Professional 64 bit"
,Recommended,292120,12495790,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Literally Mayonnaise,"I like this game. The main reason being is that I played it when I was younger and I feel nostalgic when playing it.I'm not going to lie, the acting, characters and general gameplay is pretty bad, but that is why I enjoy it so much. It's different than most of the games I play and I enjoy the change of pace. (and the countless deaths)The story is good - but confusing.Generally: enjoy it - but not as much as I used to."
76561197998396669,Not Recommended,292120,12507841,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,GarettLou,"I can't recommend this game because I don't have a gamepad or controller to plug into my computer, which apparently removes the extremely annoying stuttering. Dissapointed because i was looking forward to playing but I can't even watch the intro without it twitching every second. Buyer be warned.. Hoping for a patch to fix this situation, because i'm not going out to buy a controller which will cost more than what it cost to buy this game. SHOULDN'T HAVE TO!"
,Recommended,292120,12610289,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Calwaine,"'Warning, this person is a ff-fanboy for more than 13 years.'First of all after FF XII disaster, this game is like a savior to the FF-Universe. Some people might dislike it,  cause it starts as a linear play-style like FF X but I would say , there is nothing bad about it. Story might look complicate it to you with weird words and stuff that happens in the game, but with flashbacks and in-game dialogs between protagonists you'll likely begin to understand whats happening and like the scenario.Combat is different, different then what I've seen before. Characters have different roles which you can swap during combat to heal, make your enemies vulnerable or to create tactics which suits you best. Character development is quite same as FF X, in which you use points that you gained combat to increase their base stats and make them learn new spells and techniques. While the stories moves on , you meet with your Espers, like Shiva and Odin but the with the name of Eidolon, which you can use in-combat also. I don't know why, but they can turn into motorbikes and horses and stuff , I don't know why, but hey it's Final Fantasy Right?! And, even if it's a port from PS3, I am playing and also recording the game with 60 fps. Splendid work from Square-Enix.What I don't like about the game, is mostly the male main characters and first chapter areas of the game. I don't like Sazh, Snow and dark & wasteland areas, which you encounter a lot during first 6 chapters. On the other hand, female characters are awesome, which I can say, is the best in all of FF series. ( even better than Tifa or Terra in my opinion ) They are tough, cold but strong and have their own dark/painfull past which makes them more interesting and wealthy.With it's price, I asure you, you wont regret playing this game , but beware, 40gb's are gonna be downloaded first.10/10 will play again and make Lightning mai waifu. Sorry Fang.."
,Not Recommended,292120,12439181,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Corporal Creatine,"Some might say that there are redeeming factors to this port. The music's pretty cool, and the graphics are still nice and colorful. Some might call it a mixed bag. ...But let me tell you what kind of mixed bag! It's a trash bag that's had a bad day. Like, say your mom cleans out the cat litter. Fresh and stale doody pebbles go right in the bottom of the bag. And then your sister throws out her used tampons, and where do they go? In the same bag! And then your brother comes home,♥♥♥♥♥♥ass drunk, just upchucks - pukes right into the bag! Now, I'm not trying to be disgusting, but that is a realistic situation, and what it all comes down to: That's a nasty bag! But I'd rather take that♥♥♥♥♥♥out to the garbage than deal with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ THIS PORT! GET OUT OF MY FACE!Edit:Outdated review"
76561197966226307,Not Recommended,292120,12522807,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,חווט,"Want money back. Can't change res, game looks messed up."
76561198088573820,Not Recommended,292120,12458723,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,JsonHad,"A 50GB download, an ESC key mapped to terminating the game instantly (which can't be changed), 720 max resolution -- it doesn't seem like much effort was spent porting this game to the PC."
,Recommended,292120,14833117,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,shaydo,This game is a hentai.
,Not Recommended,292120,14428434,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ivanka Trump,Perfect example of how developers feel like graphics triumph gameplay and fun.
76561198112602225,Recommended,292120,14816918,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,avecci,I'm an old FF fan and were a little suspicious with those new games (after FF IX) but now I just can't figure out why I haven't tried it before! AWESOME GAME.
76561197970548976,Recommended,292120,14396974,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Romain - Koji,"Very linear but expected from any Final Fantasy game.The fights inspired by FFXII are very dynamic and enjoyable. Changing roles in combat is a very a good idea (I think it was already in an older version of FF).Also, the way to develop characters' skills is well thought. A better version of the spheres in FFX.The story is ok and the graphics are there.This game should be played by any FF lover."
,Recommended,292120,12467395,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,🅼🅰🅳 🅼🅰🆇 ✓,+ Pc Port+ Xbox Controller support+ Great story+ Upgrading characters+ Beautiful cutscenes and Game Graphics+ Using DeDoSaTo to unlock 60fps + 1920x1080+ Steam Cards+ Steam Achievements- Graphics setingsI Love This <3
,Recommended,292120,24305637,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kaiie,"FF13 seems to be the most heavily divided amongst reviews, from people who absolutely hate it, to people who absolutely adore it. After having played it first on Xbox 360 in it's original release, to having played it's port to PC, this game is definitely one that I am undecided whether it's a must have of the FF series, it really depends on each persons taste, as it's so heavily love-hated. I think it's something to consider strongly if it's on sale, if not, it becomes a bit more difficult to recommend. I like the game, and many people out there certainly will, but I believe there are many of you that will not enjoy it either.The game plays considerably different than its predecessor, even if they all fall under the RPG umbrella, using a new Paradigm system which involves changing paradigms frequently and often, more often, the harder the content gets (especially post-endgame). Proper strategizing and min-maxing certainly play a role in the post-game content.The story itself isn't anything fantastic, it's good, I won't take that away from it, but I've been impressed more in the story of older FF games.The characters are decent, I think I have a love-hate relationship with many of the characters, I either really like them and enjoy to play them, or I absolutely wished they hadn't been included in the final product.It's fairly status quo, and does nothing to stand out from the other FF games."
76561198037620969,Not Recommended,292120,12449261,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dedish,"Terrible port, waste of 16 bucks.Cons:-60gig download-locked at 720p-keyboard controls are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible-no options for sound or video-Esc closes the game+Graphics look decent for an older game+Cutscenes are pretty good.I've played every final fantasy except this one which is why I bought it, and I have to say I am not impressed with the combat system. Only control one person in your party, need to constantly switch paradigms, just not a lot of ontrol in combat.  Also the game is beyond liner. I mean I've only got like maybe 3 hours of gameplay in but all I've done thus far is run down hallways and watch cutscenes. It's kinda boring in my opinion.Don't buy this game is my recomendation."
76561198017115008,Not Recommended,292120,12534018,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Resolute,"I had no technical problems with this game it runs fine.  The combat and mechanics are fine if a bit over top cartoony.I wanted to like this game and played all the way through but in the end I have to just describe it as bad.  The problem is, if you are going to have a linear story based game then the story needs to make sense and be interesting.  The plot in this game is literally the main characters wandering around never knowining what to do next.  After having no clue what is happening the whole time, the evil bosses then give cliched speeches telling the heroes what to do next.  It is truely awful.This isnt just bad translation or acting.  The characters actually endlessly discuss that they never know what to do next.  That is the plot.   Square literally has no idea how to write a plot and dialogue that makes any sense for them to follow.  This is really to bad because alot of other things about the game are great.  The characters themselves are fairly interesting and the English voice acting is actually top notch making me want to like the characters.  The actual plot and sequence of events is just eyerolling and unforgivable.If anyone is totally new to the Final Fantasy games, get Final Fantasy 10 in the bargain bin instead of this one.  It is better in just about every way imaginable with a story that actually makes some sense.  It is the difference between ""This is our story..."" and what story?"
76561198017062214,Not Recommended,292120,32664665,Posted: 22 June,all,Blakey,"I really wanted to like this game but it just fell flat, 11 hours in I had done nothing but walk in a straight line. I took a break and came back but I really couldn't be bothered learning the battle system again. The characters all seem fairly vague, outside of about 3 characters I could describe the rest with one word, brooding."
76561197984416788,Not Recommended,292120,24539194,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,WordsOfFarewell,"As a long time JPRG Fan and lover of such titles as Breath of Fire, Grandia, Chrono Trigger, Seiken Densetsu etc. I always mounred the direction that Final Fantasy took after the 10th iteration. During the Steam sale I thought I'd give the game a chance anyway and overcome my presumptions because the price wasn't that high.After 10 hours of gameplays I feel like I have a general impression of the game where it is going. And I came to the conclusion I will no longer waste any time on it and here is why.I must admit the presentation of the game is stellar. The graphis are gorgous even though the game by now is already a few years old. The soundtrack is fitting and the overall design is more than solid. But that is it. The game is a shiny object and lacks any substance from what I have seen so far.- The characters are laughably shallow and stereotyped. Only Lighting seems to have any sort of genuine emotional impact. All the others feel remote to what is actually happening to them.- The pacing of the game is horrible so far. It just throws set piece after set piece at you without any breathing room other than pointless enemy encounters. The story feels extremely contrived and unnatural with lots of unnecessary lore but no emotional investment on the side of characters as of yet.- The game mechanics are insultingly simple and repetitive. Only to give a brief example, there are 2 types of gear a character can be equiped with and the customization is limited to throwing random items at them for XP to level up which has little to no effect on the weapons or armor.- The fact that you can not switch partymembers (which is only unlocked shortly before the endgame) leads to cheaply contrived reasons within the storyline in order for the party composition to change every 15 minuntes.- The battle system is the worst I have played so far in any JRPG - it's mere button mashing and the battles aren't even that short. The ATB has almost no control or strategic depth. I know it may get more complex over time - but so far I have been getting by using only 2 methods against any enemy and from what I've read it doesn't get any better in the later stages.- There is no exploration or overworld.These reasons were enough for me to stop playing the game and regretting having bought it - leading to Square making money with these games instead of having to reevalutate on the core elements of their games and what made them so great back in the day. And I am not only rambling out of nostalgia. I've played some RPGs in recent times which were way better than this convoluted mess.Guess here's to waiting for Square not to mess up the FFVII remake."
76561198146448861,Not Recommended,292120,33150273,Posted: 2 July,all,deathknight291,"Game runs extremely poorly. I greatly exceed the system requirements for this game (me: I5-6600K @ 4Ghz, RX480 OC, 16GB RAM). I discovered after purchasing this is a common problem and many Steam users have the same issue and not much luck resolving it. There is some hit or miss fixes through manually forcing some settings through the NVidia or AMD control centres, but in my case (and the case of MANY users) no luck at all. The game floats around 35-40FPS but my GPU is showing only ~15% load on it. I had to request a Steam refund."
76561198107779419,Recommended,292120,32386929,Posted: 13 June,all,ama4deus,10/10 Love it :)
,Recommended,292120,13774766,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,merelypixels,"I said I would repost after playing the game. I can't comment on the patches because my system (stats follow) handled the game beautifully. The only times I missed 1080p (versus the 720p fullscreen) on a decent 42' screen was when I missed antialiasing/anistropic filtering settings. Basically if you pay too much attention to other characters on the map, you may see edges that aren't exactly smooth.MY RATING: That said, I give this game 9/10, considering it's an FF jRPG classic and the graphics are amazing and the port is really good.DISMISSAL OF GRAPHICS WHINERS WITHOUT APPROPRIATE HARDWARE: As I said before, I'm a software developer, and, using my knowledge of code and now experience with the game, I don't think the character models, textures, etc. need any updating to 1080p. Instead, let folks add AA and such, if they can't already get that through their graphics driver. It would ruin the original graphics, imho! I heard someone complain that the computer got the lesser quality cutscenes, but 50GB is enough for a game, imho, and, again, this is the definitive modern jRPG non-MMO graphically and otherwise as far as I'm concerned.SUMMARY: So, that done, on to the summary of the game: be prepared to not understand the story or how combat works completely for 4-8 hours, depending on the speed you play jRPGs. But this game delivers in length- not quite as long as I'd wish in a perfect world, but, being completionist, it took me at least 120hrs to get through. You can handle that, as the crazy FF fan who can't choose between FF, FFIII, FFIV, and FFVI for the best FF, right? FFVII was great, no question, but not in the running... kind of like FFX.STORY: actually not bad, after you understand what le'cie are... the voice acting is very good, including the annoying teenage female character who later develops. The story draws various types of relationships between the characters, drawing you into the necessity of the quest. Altogether, it's somewhat contrived, but, hey, go retrieve four crystals and no further explanation!GAME MECHANICS: The most annoying thing is the lack of a world-map like most final fantasy series games... a lot of the fun/sense of accomplishment of other FFs is when you gain a vehicle that allows you to visit those ""secret"" places you couldn't go to before. So, I think this is where the ""linear"" criticism comes from. You will see a multi-level large world environment. And there is an elementary ""side-quest"" system, and you can still go through areas again and again (it sometimes gets old, but seldom, since the wonderful music and varied environments keep you in it) to chase after the ultimate badassdom.The class system/grouped-combat feels confining for about 4-8 hours until you realize the variety of skills each character specializes in and that the system makes ""formation"" of front/back seem like ""Goodnight, Moon."" Though I love that book. You can play the combat in so many ways- I recommend ignoring the timer-based results of combat... just try all sorts of techniques out... you can speed-kill later.COMBAT: There are people who hate the fact that a jRPG is not Truly turn-based, and vice-versa. I like both, especially that correct blend that gives me time to decide strategy and ""units of time"" to work with, while reasonably limiting the decision as to sometimes influence my decisions. Hence, the ""auto-battle"" technique you're familiar with so far. Guess what? ""Auto-battle"" is surprisingly often what you want to do - healing) auto-heal will pick the person who needs healz the most tank) well, depends how you like to tank, but it spams some sort of guard skill, which you'd usually do anyway. Taunting skills are used too much, but you can always stop the queue after you successfully taunt, giving the skill added value since it auto-picks non-taunted targets.The bosses are challenging to a mid-aged gamer who played each FF. Most teach you to use new game-mechanics, and there are definite tough-fights if you go seeking them. And the bosses are like ""wait, whoa- look twice.""Anyway, the combat system has true depth, give it some time, and once you have some good commands, you're only badass if you set the default command to ""abilities"" instead of ""auto-battle.""END: In the end, FFXIII really delivers what you'd expect of Square *coughSOFT* Enix. The port is pretty well done considering some annoying FF ports in the past, that felt half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FFXIII is ftw once you realize that it's a post-MMO jRPG that chose a lot of the good parts of an MMO without being online. But don't think it's dumbed-down, because it has worthy challenges. This is truly the definitive jRPG of the post-MMO world, with all the bells and whistles you'd expect, imho. Not that I don't log in to FFXIV now and again ;)"
76561198123553761,Recommended,292120,13836701,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,"Ah Shit, What's Up Girl?","Having played Final Fantasy XIII on the PS3 twice, I decided to purchase the game once again, this time for Steam. The game will take up a big amount of GB, around 50. Yes, that is much, because of the many cutscenes this game has. The game has a good and interesting story, maybe a bit confusing at times if you don't pay attention, but luckily, you can reread all of it in the game itself; so if you take a break from playing the game, coming back to it later and don't know what's going on, it's easy getting back into.The battle system is pretty cool. You can only control one character in battle, but that's not a bad thing, since the battles are still pretty busy when you're fighting enemies.It is true that you don't have a lot of freedom in the game when it comes to exploration, it is pretty linear, but on the other side, it gives the story enough time to unfold itself.The characters are all individual; one is funny, the other one may be more serious, etc. I'm sure you'll find someone you like. My personal favorite is Lightning.All in all, I like the approach that this game in the Final Fantasy series is taking. Alot of times, people complain about that games and their sequels are too similar, so why not change something once in a while?I hope you have as much fun with this game like me."
,Recommended,292120,13863236,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zaphkiel,"This is a great game as expected of Final Fantasy franscise and I like how this game is differente from all the previous games and several elements that were taken from older FF games were enhanced on this game. Well, engine and resources aside this game is fun to play and very long as well especially if you try to get all achieviments since some of them are very challenging to get. The story line is great and if I had to find a problem on the game the only one would be that the characters progression is too linear and you can't really customize them but than again most RPG games are like this when it comes to character progression.I recommend this game even if your not an FF fan."
,Recommended,292120,13667881,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[LST] HeyDaniko,"If you can see passed the confusing story, one-dimensional characters, questionable battle mechanics, immensely linear design and dodgy voice acting, it's actually quite good."
,Not Recommended,292120,12445182,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,LOLIMETH,Bad port
,Not Recommended,292120,16527091,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Roy Batty,"Framerate is horrible, even though my PC exceeds the recommended specs given. Changing graphical settings (to the limited degree allowed for by the game launcher) does not affect this at all. Whether I run it at 720p with everything dialed down or 1920x1200 with everything at max has no effect at all. It still runs mostly at a stuttery 30, with occassional jumps to 50 and drops to as low as 20. It doesn't seem correlated to the amount of action on the screen either. Some of the more complex scenes ran smoother than walking across an empty bridge."
76561198070488677,Not Recommended,292120,12496159,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Perrified,Garbage.
,Not Recommended,292120,12525533,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,g1real,"You think previous Final Fantasy games were linear? You thought FFX was linear? At least those games gave you the illusion of choice and had nice scenery.This game literally, LITERALLY sends you through hallways for 20 hours straight. There is no going left or right. It gets worse the longet you play, near the end of it it just rehashes the same 3 types of hallways and rooms over and over and over. The average dungeon in any MMO is more entertaining to run through.The game is locked at 720p by default, has no graphical settings, is crash prone, is not alt-tab friendly, will close randomly, has terrible achievement tracking. GeDoSaTo and Borderless gaming can work together to give you a decent resolution and alt-tab support. The more ""open world"" segment you eventually reach is just a massive walking simulator.Even 13 euro is too much for this game. 5 euro tops."
,Recommended,292120,12504904,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,☥ ΔCID BOI ☥,"This game is great fun so far, I will admit the limited resolution and graphic options did let me down at first but after adding the Gedosato mod to fix this, the game runs like a dream. It may not be the best Final Fantasy out there in terms of gameplay, but the story and music are definitely worthy of their title."
76561198077564061,Not Recommended,292120,12478737,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,vantini.stefano06,A BIG DELUSION. For the why see the forums.
76561198093754964,Recommended,292120,12579988,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dreaddie,"This game is a bit different than the other FF games, by different I mean the gameplay... I played it on ps3 and bought it in steam and have to say, that nothing changed, ps3 version = pc version. So if you have it on ps3 and expect changes like 1080p options, you wont have them.It's a linear game, but that's nothing bad! In linear games you can follow the storyline better... And the most say, the game is linear, because they didn't play it til the end. If you arrive in Grand Pulse, I really began to enjoy the game, a big place with hard missions and Trials, but before doing the hard missions, you should end the storyline =DI played all Final fantasy above VII and I have to say, that XIII has the best battle themes, imo! :P"
76561198004120124,Not Recommended,292120,12447089,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,tomyem,Terrible port. Stuttering framerates and stupidly overlooked esc key. Really don't bother. As a fan of previous FF games (before the whole Spira's got talent crap) this will not give you any love back for square''' at all.It may as well just say go buy an xbox on startup.
,Recommended,292120,12594949,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,deadbone1312,I liked this game very much. A brand new Final Fantasy style. More fluid battle system and flexible gameplay.
,Recommended,292120,12638820,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Drakiah,"As a long time huge Final Fantasy fan, this is very hard for me, and I don't think there is really any correct way for somebody to write a review on this game. Whether you like it or dislike it, there will always be a large number of people waiting to hate you for it. But I'll share my thoughts at least:I personally feel like 9 or 10 was the last true Final Fantasy game, then the world map disappeared, the battle system changed repeatedly, and of course, most areas became boring corridors in FF13.I wasn't a big fan of 12, but it was still fine, and so far (about half way through the game, I think), I dislike 13 more than any other Final Fantasy that has come before it. However, my thoughts continue to change on it as I get further...I started off very unimpressed by the boring areas, lack of exploration, annoying characters (or lack of personality, in Lightning's case), and I hated the battle system. I always enjoyed strategically giving commands to all my characters individually, but in this game, you only control the leader, and pretty much just give suggestions to the other party members. Granted, they're actually quite smart sometimes, but I just feel like I would be a lot more comfortable knowing exactly what everybody is going to do.But as I got further, I started to accept things a bit more. The battle system is quite clever in some ways, the areas start to get slightly more interesting (I think), and despite what people say, there is actually some character development. I never thought I'd say it, but I've warmed up to the game, and even Lightning's character.But at the same time, I think this is still my least favourite Final Fantasy (I've not played any other game in the FF13 trilogy yet). In fact, it's probably one of my least favourite JRPGs in general. And yet, I feel like the good parts are so good that it's still enjoyable and worth my time.Anyway, I'm far from an experienced reviewer or anything, but to anybody on the fence about whether or not to try this game, I'd say:Give it a go, but be patient with it. There were times when I just wanted to stop playing and give up on it, but I've continued onward and am enjoying it more than expected, for the most part. Give the characters a chance, even at their most obnoxious and whiny. They become more bearable, at least to me.And that's about all I can think of to say about this game. I hope it helped in any way at all, but if not, oh well... I'm just sharing my opinion online, leave me alone!  D:"
,Recommended,292120,24366204,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,YEE,I ABSOLUTELY (FFXIII)UCKING LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,292120,12436724,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,NightmareVortex,"The game runs fine, it might be capped at 720p but it still looks beautiful, and a modder is already working on a fix.I always wanted to play the game because I switched to PC from a PS2 ages ago and I couldn't believe this game would come to PC, I'm really happy Square is bringing RPG's to PC, hopefully other developers will do the same in the future.Im pretty sure Square will update the game later with 1080p and some minor fixes, so for 15u$d this game is awesome, but hey, it's my opinion. If you have a TV or monitor higher than 24 inches, staying at some distance from it will make the quality seem 1080p, so don't worry.Thanks Square Enix!"
76561198077641615,Not Recommended,292120,12578275,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cryos,"The game itself is not bad. I played it on PS3 way back when. However, this game has so many problems on pc! This game only uses one core of your cpu making the framerate drop seemingly out of nowhere. It runs at 720p natively and you can't change it. It has no graphics options to speak of. It has no audio options to speak of. And on top of all that, if you just so happen to have an amd cpu the game sill be locked at 30 fps.To everyone thinking about buying this: DON'T! At least not until they patch it.If you really want the game but don't want to deal with any of this there is a petition to get Square to fix the game.Go here and sign the petition:http://www.change.org/p/final-fantasy-13-pc-version-1920x1080-and-graphic-options-give-the-pc-version-of-final-fantasy-13-the-ability-to-change-graphical-settingsPS: The reason why the game is a 50 gig download is because they automatically include the japanese audio. You don't even have a choice to download it!PPS: There is no real way to quit the game in ANY menu. You literally have to hit escape and the game instantly stops. No "" Are you sure you want to quit?"" It just ends!"
76561198011949824,Recommended,292120,15047533,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tiaga,"Yaaay!! it got a patch! Now this game is everything the console game was :) FF13 has a very bold and unique battling system. Those of you who love the older final fantasy games will love this one too. Yes, it is different from what your use to. But it is better than 12 thats for sure. Id say the worst about this game is the first 20 or so hours that are linear with not much freedom to do as you please. Also , there is a slight lost in translation that is happening with the story line. Lol but I swear that is every final fantasy game.If I were to rate this game it would be a 4.5 out of 5. Don't listen to the hate, IT REALLY IS A GOOD GAME!!"
,Not Recommended,292120,26452940,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,irrational,"edit after an additional 20 hours of play time.Im leaving my original review in place because its exactly how i felt at that point in time, up until chapter 10 nothing really notable happens. chapters 10-13 are the only interesting ones and even then they are lackluster. also you cannot finsh the story unless you have been following a walkthrough from the first minute or get very lucky as you will be grinding the same mob as there really are only two or three particular different mobs in the end of the game. All of them use cheesy abilities, instant death spells cast every other turn, daze/knockdown abilities used constantly just to buy time and make the game take longer to complete. let alone be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to farm.This is even worse when a player like me really just wants to see the rest of the story and bypasses many enemies on the way through and ends up underleveled in the last chapter of the game. the enemies here spike up in difficulty incredibly, in fact i would say that the trash mobs on the way to the final boss are far harder than the final boss actually is. This is a major problem as it was deliberately made that way so you would have to grind in order to complete the game reguardless of your skill level or the fact that you just want to finish the game and move on.Speaking of difficulty spikes, this is a major problem throughout the game. Immediately after beating bathandulus the second time (which was a particuarlly annoying fight) the mobs afterwards are easy and then suddenly begin to 1 shot you about 20 minutes in to the next stage. This happens consistantly throughout the game and becomes more apparant as you head into chapter 10+. Cheap deaths that require you to turtle hard, buff up and kill trash mobs is not fun and would make sense if they were to give much better rewards, but they dont. In fact some of these mobs give less cp points and drop absolute crap than easier faster to kill mobs for no apparent reason.Also lets talk about bosses, there are only 2 ""main"" bosses in this game, and they are used multiple times over and over.In fact the main boss you see atleast 4 times in basicaly the same form. Also, the cheap cheesy spells they use are reused multiple times and mostly they comprise of bursting them down before they morph into a stronger form. evading there very well telegraphed attacks, picking up there loot and moving on to the next mob to kill.as a heads up to anybody looking to finish this game, make sure you level up evenly. Do not put all of your cp points into a tree that is a sub role for your character as you will be wasting time and causing alot of frustration for youself. As far as my original review stands, i still think this game is not worth playing. its a frustrating mess in the end with little to no satisfying moments. All climaxes are basically ruined when they appear on screen to not only you, but to the characters as well as no big deal, like you knew what was going on already. If you want to know more about just how bad the story really is watch the ""everything wrong with ff13"" video on youtube as it pretty much sums up ff13 in a nutshell.------------------------------------------Here is an honest review, i like the details of this game, the graphics and general art direction is amazing. However this game is a total bore to play and i eventualy gave up at the 10th chapter. Everyone always says that after chapter 8 it gets ""good"" and i have found that to not be the case. Cheesy enemys with moves that wipe half of your teams health and the only reason this is a problem is because you can only target one team member at a time to heal them unless you use a ""special"" move.This game is a hallway simulator with some creatures to fight along the way and i mean that in every sense of it. You literally never leave a hallway, there will be ZERO exploration of this world and thats not an exaggeration. Bosses feel meh and have extreme plot convienences as to why they show up to begin with.Hell the first couple of chapters your characters decide to take a chapter or two detour SIMPLY FOR THE SAKE OF LENGTHENING THE GAME. This is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t nonsense that does nothing more than pad the hours it takes to complete the game. The voice acting and characterization is horrible. The plot is ok i guess but nothing really memorable.Gameplay- its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Short and sweet right? if your coming from ff10 and down style of gameplay you probably will not like this. Especially the way that this game seems to hold your hand for the first 3/4 of the game with incessant prompts, certain character locking and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The summons are a worthless gimmicky joke in this game. If i was 12 i might have thought it was neat, but this is the worst incarnation thus far in the final fantasy series let alone the fact that they are only useful for animation and for a res, nothing more. And in some cases will get you killed.In closing, im extremely disapointed in this game, its horrible. Is it fun to play? no. Is it interesting? kinda. the only draw i can get from it is the graphics and the music which are both top knotch and i applaud them on that atleast. However the rest of the game is a thrown together hallway simulator. Would i reccomend this game? only if your a masochist."
,Not Recommended,292120,26094593,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,evesea,"I don't think I've ever seen dialogue so terribly written in a game before, or setting so badly introduced. The game itself is also INSANELY linear. Aside from that the graphics are okay, the gameplay exists, and the music isn't awful.I would not be playing this game if I wasn't so intent on putting this in the 'completed' category of my library.Looking to get into Final Fantasy? Get any other final fantasy game. This one is the worst."
,Recommended,292120,19797764,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,"What the hell is going on in the story? I am so confused... Well, gotta keep playing, so far so good :D(please don't suck ending)"
,Recommended,292120,20154920,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Elyswer,"Please bear in mind that I've played over 100+ hours in the 360 version of this game which is the reason for my low playtime.While many people may not like it, this game is deserving of the Final Fantasy name. Why? Because it FEELS like a Final Fantasy; there's great character development, pacing, storyline, battles and of course outstanding music.This is a perfect starting point for those new to the franchise. Although it may be confusing and overwhelming at first, I strongly suggest for those who are confused by the opening (which I will admit explains nothing) is to check the datalog entries on L'cie and Fal'cie etc.Now. Onto the meat of the game.Like previous FFs, progress is largely done by exploration and battles. Sadly, exploration is where the game falls short. No doubt you've heard of the lineraty of the game, and its true. You will be walking in a hallway-like fashion most of the time. However, the game does open up at a late stage in the game which is great for those yearning for side-quests and exploration - that they are plenty.Instead of following the traditional method of Turn-Based battles, all battles will be in real time which makes the game far more interesting and difficult at parts.On the whole, this was my first FF and I loved it. Where it falls short is on-the-rails exploration and the game holding your hand most of the time. However, this will be undoubtedly be overpowered by the sheer production values and experience this game possess."
76561198072133360,Recommended,292120,28579275,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,thenightcrusader,I played FF13 back when it's on PS3 and was looking forward to a PC version. This port was done well. Controls are compatible with the keyboards. Worth a grab for old times sake. Story is kinda linear though but you already knew that.
,Recommended,292120,14720043,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Darth Link,"Excellent graphics, somewhat repetetive and linear gameplay. Beautiful music and good story."
,Recommended,292120,14730386,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,floW,"Final Fantasy XIII:Visuals:-Great visuals-Really pretty-Clean and not many (if any) visual bugs-Great character visuals-Lightning is <3Audio-Pretty good audio-Good voice actingGameplay-Fun gameplay if you are into JRPG  type games-May seem  like you have freedom to roam but its very linear-Interesting skills/ combination gameplay-Storyline is interesting-Not for everybodyOverall:FFXIII is an interesting and fun game if you have an interest in these types of games. Good character development and interesting dialogue. Characters look great but I can understand that this game is not for everybody. If it seems like something you would like Im sure you would enjoy, but otherwise I would probably stay away or at least watch some gameplay of it and see if its something worth buying6/10"
,Recommended,292120,12485793,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Why so cereal?,"- If you like Final Fantasy just play it.- need a reviews? go read console old threads about this game.- Lightning.fixed* Full screen + ESC, boom it became koko krunch!* New update with graphic setting and resolutions 720p and 1080pThanks to Square Enix for fix a problem , better late than never.I'll wait for the next series."
,Recommended,292120,12490550,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Zane.,A lot better than expected.
76561198100926669,Not Recommended,292120,12485998,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SiKAETA,Worth about 5$ if anything.
76561197988320311,Recommended,292120,34028557,Posted: 4 August,all,Husshuss,"I love this game. I love the story, combat and environment. It is its own game, exactly like how FF 15 and FF 12 are their own games, espacially in the combat area. I do not like FF15, but I did not give it any hate, I still played it , but in a different mentality. Not every FF game is for its fans."
,Recommended,292120,13978934,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,what the nani the fuck,Spent countless hours on Xbox listening to Lightning's boots.
76561198241134204,Recommended,292120,24597146,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kietso,enjoying it gonna look into the rest of the games
,Recommended,292120,24938446,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,紅月アジサイ,"Really different from all the previous Final Fantasies, different but I did enjoy it.Prominent features includes:-60+ GB worth of download for all them 1080p 30fps CGI Cutscenes.-Active Time Battle system similar to FFX-2-Huge graphical improvement over FFXII-Interesting background lore (At least to me, it was fairly interesting.)-Character models are pretty goodIt's a pretty decent game."
,Recommended,292120,33949939,Posted: 1 August,all,sweetwindexman,"Where is the reviewer negativity coming from.Where are these people's game issues coming from.I get that 2/3 of the reviews are positive.There isn't as much negativity as i think, i'm just going through and picking these reviews apart.Few of them are based.Alot of people are giving this game a thumbs down for issues on their end, and a great deal of them are opinions. You cannot give a good review on opinion alone.Let's start here:Don't game on a potato and you won't have issues.I run this game on max settings.Specs follow:An ASUS laptop. The X751LAB, picked it up at BestBuy on sale.8GB RAMGPU: Intel HD 5500CPU: Intel i5-5200U 2.20 GHzStorage: 1TBWindows 10Stop.Anything under 8GB RAM is potato.Hell, 8gb of RAM is gonna be potato in a year or so.Get over it.This is a laptop, it's not even meant for gaming and i run this better than 1k+ people leaving a review about it.I have 8GB of RAMI run this better than people with 16GB and i don't even have the community patches.Y'all gotta have viruses and♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't tell me you don't.I know your storage space effects your performance but you don't need even 100GB to run a game, the TB is irrelevant.1:Download, pay for and use an AntiVirus that detects everything.2:Download and use RazerCortex3:???4:ProfitI'm not going to write a book for a review.This game, this trilogy is it's own, and it plays like it.I'm playing on easy and making incredible progress, for the stories sake, so i don't have to struggle for months to get the experience i'm looking for. (RNG would fucc me over if i tried anything but)An interactive movie.That's what this game is.Not TellTale interactive, but still interactive.It's great.Some parts are meh.But, it's the characters, not the game. I can look past it, even poke fun at it, I'm sure the Overly-Critical-Slighty-Eccentric-Lightning feels the same way i do here:Vanille had to be created with the sole purpose of feeding Lolif4gs, and Snow is the spinning image of a Papa Roach song.But. The vast majority of the game is amazing.This is all my opinion, and you don't know me.If RNG is in your favor (Apparently it's RNG if people with 16gb+ of RAM and NVIDIA GPU's cant run this but me with my stock laptop can) you will have a blast.Especially if you enjoy cheese rides and movies."
,Not Recommended,292120,18152267,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Krolmar,"I can't continue playing this game. I was flooded by pathetic cutcenes and characters, semi auto confusing and boring combat system, linear world and terrible UI. This is not a review , it's only result of my short playing , but I was bored all the time and really can't recomend this."
76561198277969154,Recommended,292120,24772153,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Trung,"The history it's kind of confuse, some characters are idiot, but i really enjoy this game."
76561198088320745,Recommended,292120,26357190,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Tritonus Tinnitus,"This game is real candy for the eyes. It almost feels like a movie which is interrupted by fighting gameplay. In the fighting scenes you don't do that mucheither, as it is turn-based strategy. You just smash some keys and enjoy the stunts that Lightning, the main character, pulls off. If you like beautiful graphics paired with a beautiful soundtrack, you'll like this. The price is also pretty low. But beware of a loooong downloading time (60 GB)Gameplay: 8/10in the beginning it is somewhat monotonous, but eventually more and more aspects were added. It didn't get boring for me, but it is as linear as it gets.Story: 5/10confusing and not very original, but not really bad, it still motivates to play onCharacters: 7/10interesting enough, likeable and well animatedVisuals: 11/10Everything looks nice and awesome :)Music: 10/10just beautiful and very fittingControls: 10/10easy to handle with a controllerGerman Translation: 4/10most of the time, it is not 100% accurate... it feels a bit loveless"
76561198307931821,Not Recommended,292120,28311542,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jazyk,"Bad optimization, lag all the time, barely playable"
,Recommended,292120,16848161,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Marissa,"OK, let me start off by saying that I've played final fantasy 1-10, 12 and now 13. I really didn't want to give 13 a try mainly because I hated 12 so much and was upset they changed the fighting system. I had also heard a lot of negative things about 13. But it was on sale and I decided to give it a shot and see what I thought about it.Alright, so the game is good. I really do like it. The fighting system is easy enough to get used to and to be honest, not that bad. I don't like how you don't level up normally and I don't like how you cant physically control each of your characters. That being said, I think its kinda cool how you can change your fighting style during battle.OH, and this game was by far the easiest final fantasy game ever. Seriously. I never once ran out of items. You NEVER run out of mp so can constantly use your magic and abilities. The only ""hard"" (and kind of annoying) thing is that you have to level up your weapons and armor. This is a bit hard because so far, you have to FIND money. You cant pick it up after battle.The story line is OK. I certainly do NOT think its the best final fantasy game. But, I am glad I gave it a shot and I honestly do not regret it.It plays really well on my pc so I don't understand why so many people complain about it not working.Great game. Glad I got it."
76561198099926185,Recommended,292120,16906145,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TheGellerBing,"Aah~~ FFXIII.....the game everyone either loves or hates.This game is definitely not for everyone, however you should still enjoy it if you're a huge FF fan.The game is hugely linear,especially the first 20~30 hours,however the game does open up a little towards the end,though not by much. If you know you're not the kind of person that can handle linearity, do not pick up this title. The game has 13 Chapters, however the game only opens up at Chapter 11. Chapter 1~10 is all about getting used to the battle system and all about the storytelling.The world is really greatly thought out with some really great visuals. Masahi Hamauzu also did a great job with the soundtracks, following in the footsteps of Nobuo Uematsu.The soundtrack is simply awesome.The story and characters are basically FF. Many people say the story is too convoluted, however if you follow the game's pacing everything will be handed on a plate, overall not a bad storyline.The characters are quite interesting and there are rooms for character development.The battle system is quite different in a way it is really fast and frantic. It would seem like full-on buttle mashing but it has a lot of interesting approaches to a battle.The battle system is still a love or hate relationship, if you're considering this title, check up some gameplay on the Internet first.Overall, I do enjoy this title and will recommend it to diehard FF fans. For gamers new to the series however, I strongly advise you to do extensive research before picking up. The game is still great but it may not be your taste. You have been warned."
76561197974768149,Not Recommended,292120,17390557,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,NuttahButtah,"The game play is fast paced and somewhat entertaining with it's combo autobattle system. Though after a almost 2 hours of playing I realized all i was doing was hitting 1 button fast while in combat and then using a potion as needed every 9 or 10 fights. This I can look past since final fantasy games for me has always been more about the story that pulls you in and the sense of accomplishment you get when you overcome the various hurdles thrown in your path for character development. This game failed miserably in providing either one of those.This game has you change main characters every 15 to 25 minutes during the first few hours of play. There is no depth, it's full of cliches, and lacks from any sense of cohesion that could possibly be existant in a storyline except for the fact that there is a war going on inside a city somewhere. I'm sure if I devoted my time in reading all of the background articles the game wants you to spend reading I could of gleaned additional information, but I bought this game to be entertained via cinematics and gameplay. I did not want to be informed of key elements of the story via stopping game play to look up the excessive amounts of datalog files...All things considered I found this to be the first Final Fantasy game I've played that was not enjoyable. After two hours of time I've given up on both this game and its sequel that I bought."
,Recommended,292120,22441897,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ChaseXGamer,Final Fantasy 13 has a great story and evn though it linear it combat system is awsome and fun
,Recommended,292120,24090489,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,"Game opes up about 15 hours in, get through that and you'll enjoy it. AMAZING OST too."
76561198115212549,Recommended,292120,24137782,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mindeulle,"HELP~ cant press the New Game or Load Game menu buttoncuz the BGM hypnotize me~even if i only get the Sound Track for the price i wont refund it~The Promise, Serah's Theme""I will be with you, no matter what...""~Snow Villiers to Serah Farron~"
76561198061014212,Recommended,292120,23146519,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Landsharkfl,Despite what a lot of people say I really enjoyed this game it's different then other ff games but once you don't compare it and view it as something new I feel you will enjoy it for what it does only gripe I have on it is the characters are a little bland
76561198140180330,Recommended,292120,24425050,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,성혜진,"main character=final fantasy's notorious tsundere queen of the year,claire 'lightning' ferron.Make her angry and you'll be slapped or punched to the face.i'm not kidding,ask snowbattle system=enhanced turn-based with real time fighting from ff x and ff xii zodiac job system.You don't have to worry about gambit or command them one by one.One mistake and you'll ended up deadcharacter growth=adapted sphere skill tree from ff x with enhanced feature.Furthermore,each character has their own capability,unique class system,and more enhanced system from ff xii zodiac job systemSurprising things=-potion heals whole party-atb system substitute as your action abilities,you don't have to worry about mana or even super-mega-expensive-rare familiar item in final fantasy,ether"
,Recommended,292120,22931860,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wiitennessee,"Not the best in the series, but plenty to enjoy for diehard fans and fans of a solid RPG."
,Recommended,292120,22904773,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Niamh,"Opinions on FF XIII are either strongly for or strongly against.I fall under the former category.In short I strongly recommend this game to all fans of jRPGs, those who do not put freedom of exploration before the story and are alright with being steered by the narrative instead of shaping it. The story is only hard to understand if you are unwilling to read the additional information provided in the codex which offers further explanation, but if you spend some additional time reading it, I believe you'll find it quite enjoyable.It is a tale of coming to terms with one's circumstances, challenging onself and then facing a seemingly hopless situation head on and learning the machination behind what might seem a random plot at a glance.Detailed reviewStoryNarrative is placed in a world that is a mixture of sci-fi and fantasy, focused on the struggle of each of the 6 main characters learning to deal with the situation they have been thrown into and their growth into people which will try to change their fate however improbable the odds may be. It is set in a time of unexpected war and starts off by throwing the player into the middle of the things, ensuring the player is as every bit as confused with the entire situation as the protagonists  are.While the story unfolds, it offers some additional insight into the protagonists minds by means of flashbacks mixed with some read-through material in the form of a codex.It is also being told for the majority of the game through the points of view of the specific characters until, quite late in the game, it gets unified into one generic point of view of all the characters joined together in one goal.The initial pace the story unfolds in is slow, however, mixed with a sort of prolonged introduction into the battle system. It picks up the pace after around 7-8 hours into the story.MusicHands down one of my favorite OST ever created for a video game. Love it, is all I am going to say.GameplayI find this game to be beautiful, with detailed settings, interesting character design, but not something you would not expect in a jRPG, and interesting monsters design. All is kept in a clearly defined style which adds to the story as one can see everything is a part of the same universe. Nothing in this game seems out of place.The battle system is sort of turn based with its own twist, but it really takes its time to give the player full control.I agree that the tutorial is way too long for no apparent reason, limiting the player choices to very few options in the early game. The introduction of class switching and the intricacies of this system are explained and then make for some very spectacular and interesting battles, but I do feel it has been weirdly dumbed down in its execution. The complexity of this system and the need to really plan one's tactics comes up in only a couple of battles.The entire game can be beaten quite fast, but in order to complete all of the side quests, all of which involve running somewhere and killing a monster, and get all of the achievements griding for experience becomes necessary and quite tedious. Especially since the sidequests are not really that creative and forcing player into a lot of running through all of the locations only for the sake of prolonging the time the player spends with this game.Thankfully the beauty of the game somewhat makes up for the need to revisit the locations and the amount of running one's does, nonetheless, I could have done without it and would have still loved the game.If you want to obtain all of the achievements you're looking into around 80 to 100 hours, depending on how willing you are to truly understand the mechanics of the battle system to ensure you can beat the most difficult enemies to receive the most experience points."
,Not Recommended,292120,14393776,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[AS]Ark626,"First of all ill part my review into 3 paritions.1. Graphics.The Graphics are beautiful Designed, the Details in charakters are smooth and well detailed.The art design is pretty and the resolutions seem to be well made.From the Graphical aspect this game gets 10/10 from me.2. StoryThe Story lacks of the, for Final fantasy typically, boomer moments.There is no real good story part or an turn of tables moment,altough the charakters are well made, and have nice treats, i cant belive,that this story is written by the guys that made Final Fantasy VII.The story is not bad but in the older titles you progress trough the game, cause of the story and here, the story doesnt keep me playing, but it isnt that bad either.5/103. GameplayThe Gameplay is very easy to handle, and every tutorial is easy to understand, so you get a very fast feeling of how to play even as newbie.The fightingsystem has some overhaul but there i have to mention, that it feels like every fight is the same.There is no such thing as poision status or limitbreak attacks.The fightingmechanic seems a bit dull, because of that and for me thats the games second biggest problem.also the mapping is somehow loveless, dont get me wrong there the maps are beautifull to watch BUT,they are so linear that at some point you start wondering why you even run trough them.So far i had NOT a single map which had more than 2 ways, or a map which is used more often in the story, like a city or a wood, which has to be passed more often.The whole mechanics feel like you watch a movie with no real options, so the game gets boring pretty fast2/10So i cant really recommend that title for Final Fantasy Fans, because of the story which somehow lacks my excpectations and the gameplay which is simply boring becaus it is held too easy and to far away from what i consider an RPGTotal 6/10Would not buy again"
,Not Recommended,292120,13890525,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Rawr the Dragon,A is for Auto-battle times infinityB is for Bloated cutscenesC is for Confusion which the story bringsD is for the Difficulty zig-zagsE is for Energy wasted on playing thisF is for the grade is receives
,Not Recommended,292120,14085888,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Flavie,"im fans of ff gameplay, like open world. But when i buy this game.. its different, its like you just walk in horizontal map until the end of the map, and then you will change to another map. very disappointed. the good one, only the graphic not the other,"
,Not Recommended,292120,14369937,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Havharo,"I've been a fan of the series for many years. I was going to buy an xbox or ps3 just to play this game, then I've read it's coming to PC. Thank god I didn't buy a console for this title.The game looks great, I even like the main character... but it's just boring. It pains me to write this but it's boring and half of the characters I meet are shallow. Most of the time you're just running a (good looking) ""halways"", waiting for something interesting to happen. So far nothing has happened. Maybe I should give this game a sec... a third chance? Maybe it will be fun after some time?Well... maybe. So I should suffer 6/12 hours so I can finally start enjoy my purchase?"
76561198160750417,Recommended,292120,14117736,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,q u a k e r   o a t s,"Takes too long to fukn end. Beat a boss hoping it was the final boss, nope still three mor muthrfukn chapters left."
,Recommended,292120,29899061,Posted: 13 February,all,xent,"Warning!!! this game isn't Call of Duty.Feel like i had to put this in, with all the confusion on what JRPG actually is.JRPG (Japanese Role Playing Games) are more focused on story line and tactics then your Western RPG. This is usually paired with a lot of grinding if you want to 100% complete these titles. With no offense intended i like to state that this is what RPGs are about, Its role playing, the world revolves around you, sure Western RPGs have that to but not this heavy.Most games are becoming more and more streamlined and Final Fantasy is no exception. Fans like me seen Final Fantasy grow from turn-based to a more action-based game to target more players. In the first half of the game i was bored, nothing much to do then to hit that auto battle function, not to mention the confusion i had with terms like ""Fal'cie"" & ""l'cie"" during the main story line. (If Square needed something to dumbed down, that will be it) Further into the game this changes fast, combat becomes more complex and you slowly beginning to understand the story there telling. In my opinion, this is the reason why most fans were upset. the first half of the game feels like you're in a speeding train, no breaks from the story, everything happening all at ones. But... I'm glad i tried to endure this, because by the second half of the game it is all explained better, the reason why you fighting and so much more. Even the battles become more tactical.my verdict on this title is mixed, if only the first part was explained better then at least you have a better understanding of why everyone acts the way they do. That and JRPG isn't for everyone, it's hit or miss. Maybe you like it? Then again it isn't a 60$ title so maybe bought on sales you at least gotten it cheap so maybe worth a try to see if you like it or not?"
76561198044455596,Not Recommended,292120,29653368,Posted: 2 February,all,Holt,"A brave step away from the many things the franchise holds dear.. unfortunately, it doesn't pay off. Linear story and little autonomy make this game disengaging. Developers try very hard to make you care for the characters through constant cutscenes but those attempts fall flaccid. An interesting concept, a poor execution."
76561198127483522,Not Recommended,292120,34227079,Posted: 13 August,all,LeinIX,"Graphics: beautifulCharacters: generic, plain, and boringPlot: linear and nothing specialGameplay: boss battles based on luck (all of them have un-blockeable insta-kills), just that.Now i know why everybody hates this game, i had more fun playing the FFs previous to 6.4/10"
76561198053292247,Not Recommended,292120,25941068,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chow-Su,"FFXIII's lack of character development damages the already confusing story. (voice acting didn't help) Combat system differs from FF games and not for the better. Summons are useless. Enemies aren't memorable. Weapon system sucks. Only highlights are summon designs/animation and fights to obtain summons, grinding strategies (growth egg and adamastoise kills), and being a Final Fantasy game."
,Not Recommended,292120,28982125,Posted: 3 January,all,SelimKrdy,"I have like 150 games in my library and this is the only game I would like to get a refund.It is visualy good but gameplay is terrible, there is no action; you just select a move from the list. Same mechanics all over the game. All you need to do is walk around."
,Recommended,292120,12436513,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,draigun83,Its a pretty good port that looks even better than console. I recommend a gamepad though. And some are gonna say that it is a bad game when its probably one of he best ports I played in a long while. Don't let all the negative reviews keep you from giving it a try.
,Recommended,292120,23459107,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The_Game_Machine,"Great series. Can't wait for the next (none online/continuation of this 'game' like FF XIII/2 which i also have) to come out. Lots of in-depth plot. only wish that you could somehow ""guide"" the story (multipule plot lines, depending on certain choices you end up making) but even without that, this series of games will probably always be one of my favorite."
76561197961570201,Not Recommended,292120,15121161,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jinglepocket,"Just finished this thing. Good combat, good art style, bad pacing, bad level design, bad story, bad characters.By far the best combat I've run into in a Final Fantasy game (I absolutely loved the Paradigm system), but there's just too much of it. This game consists of about 50 hours worth of hallways with a meaningless throwaway battle every ten steps.It briefly breaks out of the hallways around the 25-hour mark, opening up the game a bunch and giving you an opportunity to do more meaningless combat until you've leveled up enough to continue. Once you've done a sufficient amount of grinding, it's back to the hallways.The characters weren't interesting. Out of six characters, only two of them were even believable as human beings. The rest were hamfisted caricatures that seemed to be written by a checklist.   The two person-esque characters still weren't anything special.One of the characters is a scantily-clad 14-year-old girl who moans, sighs, and grunts sexually, nonstop, in every single cutscene. If you weren't watching the cutscenes, it would have you convinced that someone was having sex in the background of every single cutscene she's in.The story is nonsensical. It meanders tediously, relying entirely on the characters inexplicably wandering to places they have no reason to go to. Over and over and over. Repeat until, all in one cutscene, each and every major plot point gets abruptly and miraculously tied up without any explanations for how these miracles happened.Deeply unsatisfying."
76561198157932101,Recommended,292120,28058181,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Raison D'etre,"Overall, this is good port."
76561198147272918,Recommended,292120,12436271,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dannz_masta,"hey everyone, i love this game even tho it has had a lot of hate, i think its great and i rekon lighting is one of the best FF characters so far, she kicks♥♥♥♥♥:)anyway if you are having LAG problems have a look at this herehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=324607672i was having same LAG issuse and this has help alot and (made the game run in 30FPS) but you dont have to run in 30FPSbut wow what a differnece it has made to the game, dont get me wrong still lags BUT NO WHERE AS IT WAS and its just about not noticable now after following that little guideThanks so much for the help in getting this game to run better and just about LAG freei own this game on PS3,i am so happy its FINALLY ON PC, (i love my consoles, but i love my pc gaming more)If you do buy this game MAKE sure you Check this page outhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=324607672It will help you (if you are running NVIDA cards) as for AMD not sure on that. . . .Thanks all :)"
76561198123170106,Not Recommended,292120,12469350,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BOT Yoyo,"We need all languages text!! Not only English, French, Italian, German, Spanish."
76561198066570638,Recommended,292120,12435952,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chitanda Eru,"If Square Enix can fix the damn problem of capping FPA at 60 and 720p only then this game is perfect. But still, its a just-released game so I think we can wait SE to fix things up"
76561197994312522,Recommended,292120,12436170,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,noobscorpion,"What's the big deal?  The game itself is enjoyable.  As far as it being a horrible port?  Relax!!  Yeah, it's obvious they left out most settings and customization that pc gamers demand, but is it a deal breaker?  Seriously, for the price?  I've paid much more for a pc game that is horribly flawed and crashes to desktop every time I sneeze.So after a lengthy download, the game booted up flawlessly, menus and animations all seem to work fine.  The graphics and visuals are good, even at a lower res that i'm accustomed to.  Characters look better than alot of the landscape textures, but hey it's not a brand new game.  Music and atmospheric sounds are very good.  Some of the sound effects could be better (character footsteps), but overall sound is very good.  I've put a couple hours in with no glitches or crashes, and look forward to continuing to see what this game has to offer.  If you plan on purchasing, just wait for a sale.  As far as all the negativity goes, to each there own.  Some peoples horses are higher than others."
76561198007032985,Recommended,292120,12440313,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LazerVolk,"Hello there !I dont know why are there so many negative reviews so i want to add my opinion to this mass.First of all for those who didnt play this master-piece on xbox/ps3 , for you it`s a must buy . For this price there is 40+ hours minimum of gameplay . With cool graphics 720p as they where on concoles , and keybord and mouse countrolls ( I recommend a controller) , wich are partly customizable. All in all it`s a very good looking Final Fantasy game ON PC !!! Wich is wicked already , cause back at the days i coudnt even imagine having FF on PC. And having it on steam is amazing ! FF13 is a turn based RPG with a lot CG cutscenes , amazing and touching story and cool machanics that i like a whole lot !For those who played on a concole , there will be mostly nothing new for you here , except for window mode ( that I am using )  and keybord/mouse  controls . For most part i have spotted that there were less frame drops than on Xbox and the picture lookes better cause on a 47 inch plasma pixels where always there , while on my 17inch laptop it looks much better .To summ it up , it`s a simple port of a concole ONLY game without graphics settings that most PC games have but never the less , if dont have a concole and like Final fantasy series this is a game for you . MOST IMPORTANTLY : I havent encounter any of the FPS drops that are ONLY on this port , cause there were many drops on Xbox too and it didnt hinder my gameplay at all .9/10 from me . No game is perfect and never will there be such a game .For all those who write negative reviews i will remind you that this game is the same as Dark Souls it is a PORT( and there are very few of those) ! And we are lucky to have it at this price ! I personaly am very thankfull for this PORT as i was with dark souls . I would like to have such games as God of War or other Gears of war on PC even if those would be PORTS .Thank you for you attention.Good luck and don't suck !"
,Not Recommended,292120,12473787,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,¤ leopluridon ☼,"Game size at 50GB. Mediocre optimization. Game suffers from microstutters. Controller support is garbage (confirmed x360 controller works, but not an x360ce injection)."
76561198009374045,Not Recommended,292120,12448190,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The cool PS4 controller,terrible frame rate? checklagging even in the fmv sections? checkframerate locking to 30fps in battles because of poor coding? checka way to accidently crash or exit the game and loose all your progress? checki wanted to play longer than i did but when i tried to pause the game by instinctivly pressing the escape key so i could get a drink the game closed instantly and i lost all my progressuntill square  fixes these bugs its going to be a negative review from me
,Not Recommended,292120,12558709,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,psychicdrill,"While most people complain about graphics and some technical aspects, I never experienced anything game breaking for the few first days. But even if I did, I would cope. The thing is that this horrible port has made the game impossible to launch sometimes, so I can't play when I want. And also, the keyboard gets locked very often, usually with anything related to the ESC key. Imagine wanting to get out and the damn thing doesn't let you. It's more than annoying. Plus, when the ESC key works 'fine', it doesn't even ask you if you want to quit, it just quits without warning. A lot of issues.That said, the game itself is pretty good, I enjoy it. Sadly all these issues let me no option than to not recommend to buy this. At the very least until Square-Enix even dares to apologize or even release some statement regarding this. They're acting like the game is fine and as if we all are happy. Awful behavior for what it calls itself a serious company. What a joke!"
,Recommended,292120,28889842,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Das Wülfman ☪,"Lots of people hate this game. I've been enjoying the hell out of it.To start: I've played about 15 Hrs. My internet connection is spotty sometimes so most of my playtime is offline.More: I'm old school. I played FFVII on playstation near release. Remember the black-bottom discs(like three of them)? That was my first FF game and since, it has been my favorite. XII is a distant second place for me (in terms of FF games). XIII (so far) has my attention. Granted it has no chance of dethroning VII or XII But the game is enjoyable. Apart form the terrible dialog (which I've actually grown to like form FF games) I have trouble finding much fault. Tunnel simulator? sure. but no more than X. Even VII had the same feeling at points. You may have to search through endless pages of journal logs to find the story but does anybody remember the Kingdom Hearts series? Talk about melodrama, huh?Now I didn't come on here to bash all of my favorite games. Not at all (and these are some of my favorites (VII and KH topping the list)). The point of all of this is to say that no game is perfect. Every FF game has its quirks. Each game has made different design choices in some form or another. This one is no different. The most outlandish change that this game tries is its paradigm based battle system. Which is its strogest feature. It's not my favorite battle system of the series but it's fast, engaging, and ultimatley enjoyable. For any true FF fan, I say, that there is nothing wrong with this game. You get a pure FF game in XIII. To all the nay sayers, I say, open that small mind of yours and stop being such a genre fanboy. To those of you who skipped this one due to the bad publicity, maybe give it a try (thats why I waited so long).I bought this on sale but if I would have known the true nature of its reputation I wouldn't have minded paying full price. (Though I am glad I got it on sale, I'm not stupid...or rich). But if it isn't on sale and your in the mood for a FF game and have a few bucks to spare this is a solid buy.End Review."
76561198001620820,Recommended,292120,23409612,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mallanon,I never was able to complete this on the PS3 so having it on a laptop while I travel was great.  The graphics on PC are amazingly hires on a 4k monitor which allowed for some truly amazing cut-scenes.   The story line is well written and the game fighting mechanics are very well done.  I'll admit that there is a lot of extra tedious side nonsense that you can get sucked into such as filling up your crystarium 100% and upgrading weapons which forces you to grind a bit.  Overall though the game is still winnable without having to grind too much.  I think that SE found a good balance between grind and play on this specific release.
,Recommended,292120,23502274,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ItsLucas,Gr8 game despite what people say.
,Recommended,292120,12474068,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DigitalCreation,"At first I was put off by the lack of graphics options and locked in 720p in fullscreen. However, I have been enjoying the game quite a bit regardless. The game has amazing graphics and great music. The sotry so far is a bit confusing but I hope that gets better later on. I also like the battle system quite a bit.Overall I recommend this game! If you're worried about the resolution, there is a mod you can download that will fix it."
76561198069741470,Not Recommended,292120,12482116,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Howl @ NorthLineGames,"I'm sorry... but does pressing esc close the entire game?I'VE BEEN HERE SINCE THE ORIGINAL DEUS EX, ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY UNLEARN 12 YEARS OF PC GAMING!It doesn't even give you a warning its just like (Fart noise) and DIES to the desktop!!!Yes I'm posting this with just half an hour of gametime logged but I can't recommend a game if the esc button doesn't even work as it should. Hopefully this gets patched soon so I can recommend it but not until this is fixed.This is a BLATANT bad design choice by Square Enix; a company who has disrespected pc gamers and have put little to no effort into their ports for years.I don't belive that we should be holding back critcism for issues that could have been solved by a 10 minute QA session. If they don't care about their games why should I care?I'm not even bothered by the UI problems and the fact that the game dipped under 40 FPS when I run TWO GTX 780 TI's in SLI or the fact that you can't change control schemes or Reolutions without messing with the CFG/.INI Files OR the 58 GB DOWNLOAD!! 58 GB!?! That is absurd!Remember all these issues are withing 30 minutes of booting the game.Heres hoping they put effort into optimizing and supporting FinalFantasy XV for the PC platform when it drops sometime 2016."
76561198040514799,Recommended,292120,28106197,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Burncore(nep nep),"Very nice graphics. Ok Story. Controls a little bit difficult at the beginning but later no problems with it (Keyboard, Mouse)9/10"
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,292120,28103783,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Aisar,Game has a constant stutter and crashes on Win 10.  Playing with graphics settings through Nvidia control panel and game options doesn't fix it.
,Recommended,292120,28118336,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Lefty Hand Cream,11/10fallin in love wiht ff series
,Recommended,292120,12751889,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ZDreamer,It has not some good elements from previous FF but combat system is much more entertaining and game looks really good (especially heroes and enemies). I also like plot and personalities.
,Not Recommended,292120,17638128,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Fart Cat,"I like the story of this game, but I hate pretty much everything about actually playing it. It's literally more than 20 hours before you get to an environment that is more than a linear corridor. The combat system is designed to feel fast paced and actiony, which it achieves by removing any actual decision-making from the player.It's also a 50 gb ♥♥♥♥ing download.Bottom line, see if you can find a lets play series for this on youtube or something."
76561198015158811,Recommended,292120,28886838,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GKMoggleMog,Decent for a FF. Now release Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions on PC!
,Recommended,292120,28770830,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Johnny Two Tips,"This was my first entry into the series back on the 360 and I enjoyed it a lot. The game is linear until you get 2/3 into the game then the world opens up a little and you can take on side quests. The story can be quite confusing. I only learned what was really going on after getting all the achievements/trophies on 360 and PS3. Combat is deceptive where you would think ""auto battle"" does the work for you but you still have to strategize properly with assigning each characters particular roles and how to use them properly. If you came from the consoles, the only differences are expected PC features (higher resolutions, fullscreen mode, shadow resolution, etc.) and easy mode. The game is maybe slightly visually better but the framerates are the real problem. You can go up to 60 fps but don't expect to stay there. I'll look at a mob of enemies and stay at 60 fps but then I'll look at a blank wall and drop to 12 fps. This isn't a game breaking issue as precision is not required for the game but it does hurt the overall experience when you notice it and you will notice it."
,Recommended,292120,29794218,Posted: 8 February,all,PάиDá_𐌀ddїctёD,"I'd love to keep on playing this game ,honestly.But the problem is the heavy drop of frame rate even i have a high end system.Somehow the frame rate drop make me lose the interest in playing it,and yet i still haven't gone through the story or other stuff yet."
,Recommended,292120,29834992,Posted: 10 February,all,s_fitz_john,Looks superb on steam runs very well on my set up at the top specs.. really enjoying replying this one.
,Not Recommended,292120,12425234,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,NOT RECOMMENDED!Locked at something that looks like a stretched 720p in 25:9 ratioCan't change any graphics whatsoeverLocked at 60 fpsHave to use the backspace button to return to the previous menu since the ESC button is the button to insta shuitdown the game.One of the worst console ports ever! (exept for the 60 fps part)
76561198029620795,Not Recommended,292120,13623991,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Duck,"Short Version:This is not a Final Fantasy, it just has the same name.This is a low cost ripoff of Last Remnant.If you played Last Remnant, this game will be really boring.This gameis NOTfor youif you want to have full control of tactics, skills, a good story, a crafting system, a deep level of customisation, explorations and discoveries on a big map.This gameisfor youIf you like seeing beautiful graphics, face animations, pressing enter and be assisted by an AI. It's a good experience as a first RPG, if you don't seek challenge or afraid to be lost on the map or on skill trees.Gran Pulse is a lie, it should be renamed Grind Pulse, This game is closer to a Korean RPG than a Japanese.If you didn't understand: FXIII is not a ""RPG"", its a grinding railroad visual novel.Long version, of facts that may you reconsider choice of buying the game:Game doesn't give you full control until Chapter 11 of 13, so after roughly 20 hour (easy 5 hours of videos and animations).Story is dull, even SpongeBob's life is more interesting.Battle Team of 3 max, on the 6 possible heroes.You control only the leader, the AI controls the others depending on the current Parag~Auto-battle Option, because its better to let the IA choose the attacks instead of wasting time checking enemies weakness and select strategic skills.You can't switch teams during the fight.If the leader dies during a battle you lose, even though you have an healer that can rez him.Each hero can execute one Role at a time (Commando(Warrior), Ravager(Mago), Sentinel(Tank), Saboter(Debuff), Medic(Healer), Synergist(Buff))Each Roles has its own abilities, and they can't be shared. You have to switch Parag~ all the time.When you switch Parag~ every hero does an useless wasting time animation, while the enemies keep attacking.Every Action sequence is directed to only 1 target, you can't heal several heroes one by one, or hit different enemies to disable them. So what's the game do? It split the sequence for each target,You can only invoke the Summon of the leader.Each hero has only 1 summon (that you get after 20hours), so only 6 summons availables. That's poor.Once summoned, the creature replaces the team and fight only with the leader, but its damages are weak on late game, so you don't use them.You can't move your heroes during the fight. Result: Your tank aggro the enemies AOE just near the healer and the dps. You can lose or win a fight because of this.No open-world: Gran Pulse is a joke and is the same as the common maps in Last Remnant.No craftingEach weapons are the same, but the textures change.Attack animation are the same with every weapons.There are archetypes of enemies, they are all the same, but the textures change.Enemies attacks animation are the same.VFX of magical attacks are simplistic, you don't feel any power from them.There are tons a cinematic and animations sequence for nothing. They just break the rhythm (for as slow it is).Skills tree is a joke, i wonder why they didn't made an auto-level option, like the auto-battle option. Wasted my time waiting for useless animation of line filling up.Skills are the same for everyone, the only difference is the amount of xp to reach them.Each battle gives you a score with stars...  but no scoreboards or records of best fights exist.Enemies drops are bad, 2 max per enemies: 1 normal and 1 rare.Boss are HP bags, and not memorables...... i could go on but i won't.And if you still feel like playing this game because you never played FF, then don't because its not an FF."
76561198037403017,Not Recommended,292120,12658309,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,CHAO$$$,"Played and loved FF6 - FF10 here's my opinion:- ALL main characters are extremely unlikeable ESPECIALLY Hope is the most annoying thing ever and ""the"" main character ""Lightning"" comes in as a close second on my unlikeability list- bad pacing - extremely predictable alternation between walking+fighting and short+meaningless ""story/interaction"" sequences. Nothing enjoyable to switch it up i.e. no blitzball, no chocobo hide and seek, no Lindblum hunting festival, no card game. I'm not exaggerating when i say nothing interesting ever happens. Everything that happened after the first bossfight about 11 hours ago was meaningless and uninspired.- terrible writing - not fun, not interesting in any way. Most characters just whine all the time.- boring story - played 13 hours and i still know about as much as after 2 hours of playing- terrible combat - you control only 1 character with a very limited skillset at a time in a FF typical ATB System. Imagine if in Final Fantasy 7 you could only ever give orders to 1 character which the game picks for you for a majority of the game. It also has barely any strategy outside of --> get stagger --> burn -->low hp? -->heal. This applies to every enemy in the game and even bosses are lame.- no limit breaks (wot???)(this deserved special mentioning)- linear progression/bad rpg elements - the way you characters progress is pretty much laid out for you. There is close to 0 customization. All characters feel essentially the same with some stat differences.- looks good but resolution is capped at 720p and even in fullscreen mode there's huge black bars on the top and bottom of my screen which i looked for a way to remove but didnt find any (steam forum / ingame / google)+ audio is niceI will probably finish the game at some point just to be able to say i played through it but after 13 hours of played time there's nothing here that makes me want to play it."
,Recommended,292120,13325647,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,dat Otto is a giant NOOB !!! :D,"Well thank you for the update Square :DThe game is working much better now, I would like a feature to remap the keys/controller but the graphics are ok.The framerate is almost 60 most of the time even using the 8k and AA 16X (for a second from time to time it can go down a few frames but it's nothing noticeable at all) and the stuttering is easily fixable by enabling V-Sync in the 3D graphic options of your GPU (in my case the ""ON - smooth"" option worked perfectly for the sli, not a single defect on the screen anymore).The game is very good, well I already completed the game 2 times in PS3 so obviously I enjoy it enough to recommend it.I'm glad that after our complains they took the time to try to fix the problems, I hope they learn from these mistakes to improve in the future and personally I would llove to see other titles of Squaresoft like Parasite Eve in PC.Duncan.>>> EDIT <<<I just found a weird thing when I was using 8k shadows, in some scenes the shadows on the skin of the characters were very dark and that was kinda annoying.However, by running 2k shadows instead of 8k the issue start to go away as you lower that value, you can see it in these SS:8Khttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=354840574http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3548404944Khttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3548397842Khttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=354839216Maybe it's not a big deal for some, but Vanille with that shadow beard doesn't look so cute :PAlso, while I was testing this, I found that in some particular places if you use the 8K you might get fps drops. But again, just by lowering the shadows to 4K you will not get that problem at all (I tested walking through the same 5 locations with different options). Just by doing this you most likely will fix the problem.Bottomline, I get 1080p/60fps with no other issues using AA x16 (even while recording at max settings with shadowplay) by using vSync and 2K instead of 8K. This doesn't change much what I said above, because despite this reduction from 8k to 2k the quality is very good at the end, and you still get the constant 60 fps with no stuttering at all.Duncan"
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,292120,12427573,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Not against violence in games inhernetly but when a game has a pink haired girl doing cart wheels over the corpses of massured families you have to qeastion exactly  what the developer where thinking.1/10
,Recommended,292120,13264581,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ZilethRyderZXC4,"First Of all, this must be addressed. The Game is Quite Linear. Even More so than Final Fantasy X. To me this is No real Issue, because the gameplay was amazingly long (and there is an open world part eventually, even though it's slightly restrictive). But there, it's been said.The game Launched with no Custom Resolutions, so regardless of what Type of PC you were on, you were restricted to 720p. Even with a good computer, frame rates were iffy. (Sometimes at 60, and sometimes stuttering to 30) Thankfully, this is something that Square Enix Decided to Fix. And will be patched in later. As for how the game looks, even on a 4k Monitor, in 720p, I found myself a bit overwhelmed by the details in certain parts of the game. (No Spoilers, but close to the end Especially) The Cutscenes were very fuzzy though, and It was sometimes hard to stay focused on the action.While Many People Criticize the Story and Character development, (or as they say, Lack thereof) I have to say, that the story to me was both quite enjoyable, and the character development was, predictable, at times, but none the less, quite well done. (I have Only Played with Japanese Audio, so that may be one of the reasons.)Also, Thanks to Square Enix, the North American Versions of the game have Both English, and Japanese Audio. To me, Final Fantasy has always been a Subtitles / Reading game, seeing as my first owned Videogame was Final Fantasy VII on the PS1 and it really sparked my want to read.As For Gameplay, I can definitely say it’s different. For the first 20 hours of the game as I was playing it, I never changed the Characters Classes (Paradigms, as they are called in the game) Until I really had to. However, after getting used to the Role Switching, I can say that they made an easy to use battle system.Well I wouldn’t give this game a perfect score, but in MY opinion, (and that is what this is people) I believe the game is quite entertaining. I would recommend the game to people who enjoyed FFX, and FFXII."
,Recommended,292120,13560146,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Drif.io •✖•,waifu
,Recommended,292120,13614221,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kephin,"After completing the story (and a half of side quests) finally I can give my own opinion about this series.The thumb has already shown my support for this game. If you want to know why, you can read more here.- My first impression about this game is the graphic. I played Final Fantasy XII in PS2, and I thought that the game had great scenery to offer. After I come here, I was really amazed. Such effects and realistic scenery that I think deserve high rating for this, I can say the development is much better.- The challenge. Although this game doesn't offer ""full free roam"" feature like FF XII, exploring the area of each chapter is still giving interests. Sorry to say, that compared to FF XII, this version is much easier to complete. I really miss the time when I needed to defeat Yiazmat in 4 hours :(- The storyline. It seems that Square Enix did well enough to give the players ""feel trip"". Hard times, good times, all of them are expressed well. I give 8/10 for the storyline.- The last, but not least, the EPIC BGM. It seems that Final Fantasy Series offer beautiful soundtrack, and always related to the atmosphere the player in. I really like the final boss BGM, giving enough thrill to defeat him (lol)I don't regret buying this game for spending my holiday. Probably going to buy Final Fantasy XII-2 for Summer Holiday."
,Recommended,292120,13316190,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lycro9654,They listened to us12/10
76561198042709730,Recommended,292120,12578457,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kazuki,"I'd enjoy playing final fantasy XIII and after playing all 3 titles of ffxiii from PS3 and now on the PC, the only thing I can say is PC version the graphic is not as good as PS3, the graphics of the PC version is like playing old school DMC 3. So unless you have extra money or haven't try this game before, go ahead and get this."
,Not Recommended,292120,12936719,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cyber Police,"This is a horrible game, and set benchmarks in both low points for the Final Fantasy franchise, and for terrible PC ports.But with luck, buying it might help make the case for adding older / less terrible FF games to steam, like 9, 10 and even 12."
,Not Recommended,292120,12571325,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Baragwin,What happened to you Final Fantasy?I mean.... My God... What happened?Like seriously? WTF?You are the Star Wars Prequels of video games!P.S. The port is♥♥♥♥♥♥btw.
,Recommended,292120,12920329,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Riina,Storyline = very goodSoundtrack = very goodgameplay = very good
76561197970525021,Recommended,292120,13073318,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,あらた,"The port has some bugs and NO graphical options, which is insane. Get some mods for the graphics and you'll be happy, because Square won't do anything great with it. Do you remember when they were an amazing company? So do I and I miss those times.HOWEVER! This game is simply amazing. It was great on the consoles and it's even better on PC. Why is it better here? Because we can mod it! I can't speak for how far the modding community will go, but by god it looks good with the mods. As for how it plays, nothing different and nothing added, just the brilliant game that was release all those years ago.If you haven't played it, please put up with Square and give it a go. You'll love it.If you have played it before and don't want to mod it, then pass. It's better, more stable and looks exactly the same on consoles.If you have played it and want it to look better and relive the great times, then get it!! NOW!!It's a real shame that we can't buy this game on PC, though. We have to make do with renting it from steam.*********************Since I wrote this review Sqeenix have updated the game. They have added the exact same (EXACT SAME!) options and hardware tweaks as GeDoSaTo, isntead of using in-house programmers. This results in a better looking game as standard, but not addressed the performance of the game at all.Also, I have now 100%ed it. It's SO GOOD!!"
76561198009995982,Not Recommended,292120,23386872,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Goeland foufou,"This game is a nightmare.This is now an old game, I won't write here anything that has not been written before.But I need to write this message in a bottle. Because I bought this game, and I'll finish it, no matter despicable the experience is.I now feel like the bobsleigh team in ""rasta rocket"", carrying their sled to the finish line.After 16 hours of play :I can't stand the automated battles and the paradigm shifts.I can't stand these characters who cannot stand each others.I can't stand having to bear such a thin plot, while having SO MANY CUTSCENES which most of the time do not add anything to the progression of the plot.But dammit, I'll finish the damn game."
,Not Recommended,292120,22909192,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DesolatePsyche,"So a quick ""review"". PROs and CONs first. Then some comments I have about the game.PROs:+Story presentation+Characters and development+Scenery / environment+Some nice architecture+Variety of enemies & bossesCONs:-Boring-Annoying item crafting / upgrading system (grindfest)-Linear (not really important though)-Uninteresting gameplay-Seriously... very boring gameplay.Comments:I played this game total of 16.5 hours or so. And first hour was somewhat interesting. Then it just became such a drag to play and was just painfully boring. Gameplay became such a drag that I even lost interest in cutscenes / story... because gameplay just utterly killed the mood to bother with anything. Gameplay in a nutshell is just run around, encounter enemy, spam A.. sometimes press R1 ...then sit in cutscene for 10min  and so on. It's just is not interesting at all.Even when game sessions / sittings where I felt ""I played this game quite a lot today. Prolly like 2-3 hours has passed"" then I look at the clock and only ~50min had passed.But I paid money for this game and constantly forced myself to ""finish"" it... at some point (6-8) hours into game? I just got so fed of it and figured to make it a bit more entertaining for myself by simply maxing my money (cheat it in) so I could upgrade my weapons and stuff. And thus it helped to play another 8 hours.But no... I'm done with this game. It's probably the most boring game I have ever played in my life. The gameplay.. is just painful... its a drag...Sometimes it became so boring that instead of feeling sleepy or yawning.. it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.FF XIII-2 Is supposedly more fun to play. So I will check it out.. but I'm expecting same boredom.If you want to know story or so... just go watch ""cutscene movie"" on youtube or something.Score: 4/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,31126854,Posted: 13 April,all,Nalenthi,"It's so hard to say what I think of this game, I wish I'd played it when I was younger, so the nostalgia at least would have pulled me through. I picked it up because a friend of mine played it when they were younger, and it happened to be on sale. I look at this and know it's a game I would have loved when I was 14.The gameplay is boring as hell, so don't even think about buying it on that front. The story would 100% appeal to an angsty teenager, but pretty much no one else. I really wanted to like the characters, especially the main protagonist, a woman named Lightning, but it's pretty hard. The story is pointlessly complex and yet the characters are far too simple. Things keep happening and there's constantly a million new names of places and factions and things thrown at you and yet, you never see another facet to any of the characters. It's trying to be deep but it's just.... angsty.I finished the game, not because I was enjoying it, but if I'd already invested so much time into it, I was damn well going to see it to the end. I bought this game and its two direct sequels (XIII-2 and Lightning Returns) for about £11, even that is too much. I would advise you not put yourself in the situation of needing to drag yourself to the end of this drawn out mess of a game."
76561198004565043,Recommended,292120,12486463,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Landar486,"Having never played this game before and only hearing about all the crap people give it. (legit crap though...see later)  I enjoy this game a lot.  Once you get past the first few areas, the combat picks up a lot and you really start to get a feel for the flawed characters, how they mesh together...or not, at times.  Back to the combat though.  Yes you control 1 character, and yes if s/he gets down'ed it's game over, but that adds to the sense of urgency in some battles that you need to control the game very carefully.  Yes there's that silly auto-battle function, but you literally will not have fun with this game at all if you just rely on that.  Paradigm shifting and having good setups is essential to winning mid-late game fights.Yes the ""exploration"" is quite linear, but once you realize that, it makes you want to see every nook, cranny, horizon, etc. for what it is.  And some places are just plain gorgeous, nearly on par with top level pc games.  Also that linear'ness means you can't go back to any areas at all, on Cocoon at least, so find every treasure chest/orb you can.  But yeah this is a beautiful game and stop and smell the roses sometimes.The story?  People say it's confusing or convoluted or whatnot.  ...I found it fairly simple.  You just have to pay attention to what's happening, read the bits of dialogue presented to you, don't skip the cutscenes. (lol telling this generation of gamers that is folly, i know).  Don't let your ideas of a ""perfect story"" cloud what's going on.  Listen to the character's plight, how they interact with each other and the world around them.  Let the characters grow on you.  ...Yes even Vanille, though if you use her in the party after a certain point, try to keep the volume down.  Otherwise it'll sound like you're watching an adult film.  Not sure what her voice actress was thinking in that regard.You don't ""level up"" in a traditional sense.  You gain points every battle you use to advance on the crystarium and increase the power of your roles and characters.  The crystarium itself levels up though almost every time you face a major boss.  The enemies do respawn in some areas, so grinding is possible.  though early in the game if you want to grind you have to save/quit/load.  Your weapons and accessories gain experience through using items gained by defeating enemies or buying at the conveniently placed shop consoles.  (there are no ""town hubs"" to go to like other Final Fantasy games)  Also your HP is restored after every battle.The visuals, sound effects and music/soundtrack?  All excellent.  Areas that Square/Square-Enix never fail to deliver.In short, i'm only halfway through the game, and I enjoy the crap out of it.  Final Fantasy 13 has a reputation for being a polarizing entry in the series.  People love it, or they hate it.  ...I'm on the side of the fence that loves it for what it is.  A charming adventure with a cast of quirky characters in a desperate situation trying to survive and get to know each other and grow as people.  ...Who happen to have super powers.My only gripes with this game are the quality of the port.  No grapics options?  Locked to 1 resolution?  Alt-tabbing breaks some of the visual functionality and sometimes crashes the game.  I wish i could go back to visit areas.  Vanille's battle sounds reminding me of ""adult content"".  The lack of being able to get gil without farming specific enemies in specific areas for sellable items.  ...The lack of use for gil until the endgame.  The game does lose framerate in high stress/action areas, even though my pc blows a PS4's specs out of the water. (this is a playstation 3 game, so...).Right though.  Give the game a chance.  You'll either kick yourself for not playing this fantastic game sooner, or you'll hate it.  It's fairly cheap as well, so, yeah."
76561198003441538,Not Recommended,292120,33218261,Posted: 3 July,all,Incom,"Such a terrible disappointment of a game, as a final fantasy fan this game pretty much destroyed the series for me.Where to begin...1: Incredibly linear, to the point of movement almost being pointless.2: Very poorly balanced. Most of the game is so easy, including the bosses. But hten once every now and then you face normal trash mobs that so incredibly off the curve in comparison to difficulty. So a normal trash pack kills you off in one shot.3: If your companions go KO, you just phoenix down. If your leader goes KO. Game over.  Can't emphasize how stupid this feels.4: There are timers showing how fast a ""normal"" 3* clear is. Faster-> more stars, slower-> less stars. There are many many many trash mobs in the game estimated to about 10 minutes of expected clearing time. The game expects you to think that clearing a trash pack for 10 minutes per pack is reasonable. It is such utter bs. It is like they made it filler to make the game meatier.Immediately removed the two FF13 sequels from my wishlist after playing through this game.Would have refunded if possible."
,Not Recommended,292120,17420710,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ᚠᚱᛖᛞ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxMcuzOgVrUEven the movie has better gameplay (none).
,Recommended,292120,13461772,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"Final Fantasy has certainly changed, for better or worse. In some respects, it's certainly obvious that the changes made were to make the game appeal to a large audience, simplifying some of the mechanics people have come to love to make it more approachable. FFXIII is a victim of this.While 13 does have a bit of RPG depth, it's mostly shallow and a bit false. To start off, the ""leveling"" system is pretty linear. In fact it's mostly linear. You have multiple different character ""classes"" to level up, but each one is just a stream of single graphs that only really go forward. There are a couple random branches, but you might as well fill all them up with the experience you gain from one battle anyway, so there's absolutely no reason to skip them. It's almost like they wanted to go for a Sphere Grid like system from Final Fantasy 10, but decided for the sake of simplicity to just make it a single line. The only real effect you have on the leveling is which class you want to level up first and when.The most character building depth comes from the weapon customization, but even that is almost too straight forward. You gain several little useless bits and pieces of monsters and electronics after each battle, which you can either just sell, or use to craft weapon upgrades. It's not as exciting as it sounds though. You choose one weapon to upgrade, and then choose from ANY of the components you've acquired. The only difference is the amount of experience it puts towards your weapon upgrade. Eventually you'll meet the number on the screen, and your weapon or armour's stats boost up a bit.I can also see what they were TRYING to do with the combat, but it still falls victim to it being too simple. You've probably heard that the game plays itself. Well, early on in the game, it actually kind of does. The game chooses the ""best"" combination of attacks toward and enemy, and then executes them without you having to touch anything. You CAN choose exactly which skills to use and in what order, but since the Auto-command chooses the best set anyway, you'll end up using the exact same thing. There is a bit of strategy with the Paradigm system, which basically changes the class of your characters in battle to different jobs such as switching from melee attacks to magic, or from magic to healing, but that doesn't come into play until a couple hours in.But really, I came for the story to be honest. Final Fantasy games have always had very interesting stories in my eyes, even if they are sometimes predictable. The story in this game isn't...terrible, but I feel like they wasted a bit of potential. Character progression is okay, even if it does sometimes go to that cheesy, over-dramatic line. Part of the problem is, the game is so linear you only feel like an onlooker rather than part of the story, so often it's hard to become completely invested in what happens. Overall though, it's not bad. Voice acting ranges from almost bad, to pretty admirable.Now what about the PC port. In one word, pathetic. In more words, at least they tried...later on.At first the port of a sad excuse and laughable. No PC options, abysmal framerates, and forced 720p resolutions. It's the whole reason I held off buying this game on PC.Then they decided to wait until they released the second FFXIII game on PC to patch the first game. And then they have the audacity to claim that they are features. 60FPS and 1080p are not features on the PC platform. They are what many consider to be the absolute standard.But good luck keeping the game at 60FPS. While there are a couple PC graphic options, it's still pretty hilarious how little there are. You get a resolution option, an AA option, and shadow resolution. That's really it. Outside of combat, my FPS ranges from 30-60 all over the place, causing pretty bad stuttering when doing so. It's never consistent. In combat my FPS tends to stay at 60, but does drop when there are a lot of enemies.(780ti OCAMD 8350 OC16GB 2300Mhz RAM)Despite all this, do I enjoy this game at all? Yes. Even with all it's simplified mechanics and poor porting, the game has gorgeous vistas, a great soundtrack, a decent story, and the combat can occasionally be exciting and even challenging. It's also not terribly priced. It should be less due to the awful port issues, but at least they aren't trying to get $30-$50 out of us."
,Not Recommended,292120,23306110,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Catin Marrant,"Well o wellThis is a nice game, with pro and cons.ProsGraphics are niceMusic is goodSome characters are likableInnovative combat systemJapanese voicesConsStory is dullSome characters are annoyingCombat system will likely lead to mash your X button (for random encounters at least)The leveling up system is really dumb and unsatisfayingVery linear, like running in a tunnelSometimes capped at 30 FPS !?The lack (none) of interaction with NPCs, towns etc...The camera is a pain to move/manipulateAll the time you lose by changing stances. It might not seems much, but it adds up, a lot.The shops are really awkward, same goes for the weapon's level.tl/dr: 5/10. A nice RPG with HUGE flaws. I'll try to rush it to play the sequel. Hoping it's better."
,Not Recommended,292120,33983028,Posted: 2 August,all,SchnozBott,Wow I haven't lost interest in a FF game this fast since X-2.FFXII was the last thing resembling a real Final Fantasy game.  SquEnix doesn't know how to make them anymore.
,Recommended,292120,12491951,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FallenHD,"Honestly FFXIII is one of those games that people hate on because they think that other FF were better me personally, i love FFXIII its ATB fighting sequences Amazing story Characters that actually develop as the story progresses and to top it all off It has CHOCOBO in it whats not to love sure the combat was locked at 30 fps which was dissapointing at first but honestly this game is amazing"
,Recommended,292120,12672557,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Juanblue85,I beat it and I'll admit it was tough in some areas in the game and also its a bummer how straight the game is until you reach chapter 11 in the game which is rather late into the game where you get the chance to explore a bit more but after that it just goes back to a straight line. I did get frustrated at some bosses but I managed to pushed through which would have made me quit as I did when I played it on the PS3. Overall I liked it in the end and give it a 7/10.
76561198140872891,Not Recommended,292120,13076176,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Southes,"Having felt great excitement over the news of the PC port I found myself rather dissapointed at the effort put into the final product. Having recently played another console-born game brought into the realm of PC gaming, Valkyria Chronicles, I was astonished at how badly Square Enix has adapted this game for PC. The UI in particular is a hassle (esc quits the game instantly? Seriously??? Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that would be a sensible idea????? (also the time for them to fix this and the quality of the fix itself are rather pathetic to say the least)). Don't get me wrong, the game's fantastic and I could not recommend it more if its interface was not copy&pasted from the console versions, but in the current state I found the game rather hard to enjoy. The very fact that some talented modders have already provided 3rd party applications to resolve some of these issues clearly highlight the sad truth that currently, Square Enix is simply not very devoted in bringing this franchise to the PC."
,Recommended,292120,12884998,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,-Dresden-,"A pretty good JRPG marred by some odd design decisions, the foremost being that 95% of the game is literally a giant hallway. Still, it's well worth it at $16 if you're a fan of the genre. The next two games in the series are much better too (also coming to Steam) so play this one first or I doubt you'll know what's going on in those if you intend to play them."
,Recommended,292120,12442856,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SkylXTumn,"Despite there being many shortcomings onto the port, I for one, am incredibly thankful that this game even hit PC. Sure, the technical side of things don't look so good yet, what with the frame rate problems many are having, along with the 720p lock etc, I still am having a good time on this game.With maximize performance and v-sync along with triple  buffering, this game has become very much playable (not a constant 60 fps ofc..) and very enjoyable. The visuals are extremely appealing, the story is easy to follow for those who pay attention and it's rather immersive too. I definitely enjoy the casts very much, as they each portray significant character progressions and developments, which in my honest opinion, is what makes a bunch of good characters.Definitely an enjoyable time so far, despite only playing for a little, and definitely looking forward to playing this game for the next couple of hundred hours (replay and all that, since I like it). Here's to hoping that all issues with the port itself would be resolved and the experience would be a whole lot better!"
,Not Recommended,292120,23328728,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,HooksForHands,"[+] Looks great. Battle system is fun once you\'ve fully levelled up, and have bypassed the dozens of hours of tutorials.[-] Boring. So boring. Characters were boring cardboard cutouts. Dialogue was poorly written and acted (the game was basically a long string of boring exposition through poorly-acted dialogue - I do not blame the actors, this script was bad). The world was, while beautiful, extremely dull - no interactivity, and mostly just tubes of enemies. I have zero interest in playing the two sequels because I could not care less about any aspect of this world. Just a poorly-delivered experience. Basically a terrible anime series in game form. If you like anime, you might dig this. Otherwise, stay far far away."
,Recommended,292120,12486107,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,tayathesummoner,"I've played it on XBOX 360, loved it then and still love it. The mechanics is cool when you have to change paradigm to win a match when you think it's impossible to win it.But as many already mentioned, you'll either hate it or love it.Of course the PC version is a bit twitchy and laggy and dropping frame, but all in all, it's a cool game.Pro tip: controllers make your life easier with this game ;) they did to me"
76561198008528268,Recommended,292120,12599202,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kirace,"Re-playing this game with Japanese audio made a big difference for me. You get a different feeling for the game and what it is trying to deliver. I highly recommend using GeDoSaTo which enhances the games visuals and performance, use Google to find it.The game was very enjoyable with those two settings and I am looking forward for the next two parts of the game!"
76561198021779523,Not Recommended,292120,12883321,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Alakhai,"Too linear for me, just follow path and hit enter (autobattle) for most of the time"
,Not Recommended,292120,12916136,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Navy Seal.pt,"I'm very dissapointed with this game. The game starts well with some video clips and some story and character introduction. But after spending 5 chapters running arround stuck in the same boring battles and xp system nothing seem to matter. All you do is run and fight the same monsters over and over again. It takes at least 20 battles each time to get some story feedback, and when you get it its not even relevant.The good part of the game is that it looks awesome and the animations look good. But I end up feeling like a chicken pressing the same button over and over again until the end of the battle cause it wouldn't matter what attacks you use. The battles are too hard or to easy."
,Recommended,292120,12910923,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,一番キツネ,not the best port tbh but overall a good game.85/100
,Recommended,292120,12781309,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ansinoa,Lightning stikes thrice part uno
,Recommended,292120,12788421,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Magiczvn,"I love this game, except one thing that Asia version doesn't has English audio!"
,Recommended,292120,24052453,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Euphoria,Haters here only complain that the game doesn't give you joy or something casual. None of these are true. I'm not going write a hell load of review here to recommend you this game. Just listen to the battle theme and you will understand the rest.
,Not Recommended,292120,23803900,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,clea leshlick,"lazy port job. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization. game itself is great, thoughMSI 990FXA GamingVishera 8350 4.0GTX 107016gb ramBattle is always 30FPS, while non battle can be 30-60 depending on the map/camera movement.Resolution, shadow, AA settings don't affect FPS. OC-ing the CPU however, does. Things go smoothly if I OC to 4.8GHZ but it's kinda unstable and I feel that the extra heat and power isn't worth it.Been tinkering with all settings available, including NVIDIA CP, inspector, windows power settings, task manager priority and affiniity settings.CPU and GPU utilization is always low anyway. I've seen some video on youtube where people can go solid 60FPS even in battle, I guess they all use intel i5 or better"
,Not Recommended,292120,22691919,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,I Am Mr Jingles,"Final Fantasy XIII Walkthrough:Walk Forward   ->   If you encounter an enemy, mash X   ->   Walk ForwardAn embarrasment to Final Fantasy."
,Not Recommended,292120,19378367,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TSM phorust,"When people say this game is linear, they mean literally in addition to a linear story the stages are ♥♥♥♥ing straight lines for the first 2 hours.Lost interest in the bland characters and storyline and annoying combat and I don't feel bad."
,Recommended,292120,12441237,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Matt Bey,"Wah Wah Wah, not in 1080p. You're playing hte game for the gameplay, not the graphics guys. SUre it would look better at 1080p but does it really matter that much?Besides that, I played it on console when it first got released and enjoyed it, I intend to actually finish it this time."
,Recommended,292120,12425227,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,KillsForCookies,Final fantasy...
76561197970692526,Recommended,292120,12493826,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xerkics,"I really enjoy final fantasy like games like Septerra Core , FFVIII before this and Last Remnant and i was really looking forward to this on the PC. Was initially dissapointed by low res but GeDoSaTo tool fixes it no problem . The story is pretty engaging and the characters really develop over the chapters. The battle / crysta system is pretty interesting. Overall Game has issues but those are to do with port and not the Game itself. The game itself is excellent and at bargain price whereas they could have easily chosen to launch for £30 on PC. Really enjoying it. If you Cant decide and are put off by bad reviews dont mind them they are mostly people whining."
,Recommended,292120,12497469,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Rev. Dr. Marine,"Despite a horrid port this is an enjoyable, if flawed, JRPG. A great art style, enjoyable combat & great VO (excluding one particular character) make it a fun romp, though the sometimes dodgy script bring it down. It's very linear, though only a small number of sections truely feel like a 'hallway simulator'. If fixing Dark Souls with DSfix was no problem, this is a good game easily worth full price."
76561198059746306,Not Recommended,292120,12519224,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,milkydude12,"Strongly disappointed, I bought the game expecting to be able to change the Voice of characters to the default Japanese while keeping the default English text, however it has come to my attention i can do neither."
,Recommended,292120,12493977,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TenSymbol,"Love this game it has a fast paced combat systems, giant monsters, different classes and strategies you can switch to during battle. It's a fun game the only downside is learning which paragons can beat certain bosses and the order in which to use them."
,Recommended,292120,12493892,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,buster2178,i want to set this strate that this game is awesome i love the story and the people that put thumbs down cuz they cant change the setting u guys sukk very baddly.This game still got good grapgics and is well playable on older systems too.The other people that thumb down this game cuz they cant go 1080 or anti alis leave and dont come back 720 or 1080they all look the same too me.All i can say is good job Square-Enix
,Recommended,292120,12476290,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xion.Strife,"If you want RPG games with good story and simplified battle system then this game is for you. This is different final fantasy games which is have more good story and simplified battle system. The battle system are using ATB Gauge segment, you're only controlling the leader party and the rest is up to auto battle AI system. Mostly the battle system are paced on the time so you have to defeat the enemies quickly to get higher exp. Most of all I love the soundtrack of this game it's just so beautiful heared. Stories are pretty good enough to I say. Overall I love this game 8/10"
,Recommended,292120,12516681,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rocketpineapple,"If you like looking at corridors, this game's for you. People complain about the linearity of FFXIII but I put it to them that most of the FF games are just as linear and that works just fine for them.If you like Final Fantasy games, you'll like this one. If you're getting in to them, I'd start at something like 10 instead (maybe the HD port will come to Steam one day!). If you don't like them, well, why are you reading this review, this game is obviously not for you. :PThe scenery is beautiful, the gameplay is fun - even on easy bosses can be quite a challenge so make sure you have the right paradigms set up so you can switch to either aggression or healing whenever you need. Vanille's voice slips all over the world in terms of accent but as a bright and cheerful character she's a ray of light in the first 15 or so hours of the game.I'm about 17 hours in to the game at time of writing and I've only just been given the ability to change my party members - since it apparently takes that long to get the party together and for most of the game you're jumping between pre-determined groups. Which is fine for plot reasons though it is really nice to actually have a say in who I'm playing as. Not expecting too much from the plot, it's certainly not 13's most redeeming quality. But it's a fun game - especially if you just want to relax - I find this is the game I turn to when I want to mostly switch my brain off. Which isn't a criticism - it's good to relax with video games and the gorgeous scenery and indeed the game's contentious linearity are absolutely perfect for that."
,Not Recommended,292120,12873056,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Capt Stag,"Did they even consider PC user when they released this game? The controls are extremely awkward for PC gamers. For example, I keep pressing the esc key naturally to open the menu but it SHUTS DOWN the game immediately. I haven't even played enough to comment on the game itself, but the graphics are nice as expected of FF. The battle system is strange compared to the traditional system of FF. Overall, I wish I could get past the awkwardness to play the game, but I cannot motivate myself to."
76561198009589527,Not Recommended,292120,12914174,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Schillelagh,"The GameHaving played every Final Fantasy game since the start of the franchise I was excited to finally play FFXIIIwithoutpurchasing a console. My impressions of the game itself are mixed but positive. Character development is phenomenal and the story is engaging. I would have been happy watching the first 10 chapters (instead of playing them). The paradigm system relies significantly on switching AI profiles to manage combat. While it takes away some strategy, combat is nevertheless fast-paced and engaging.The few low points are the extreme linearity of most of the story, slow then sudden character progression, and upgrade system. For much of the game you literally walk characters down hallways. Then, quite suddently, you are thrust into an expansive overworld! Character progression is slow and boring, but eases you into many of the non-obvious game mechanics. Upgrading weapons and accessories is pointless through most of the game, then only crucial post-game (apparently...).The PortHere is why I would never recommend this game: the port is terrible. I've stuggled through 30 hours of gameplay and have can no longer tolerate the laggy and stuttering graphics. My computer exceeds the recommend requirements (AMD Phenom X4 965 and AMD Radeon 6850) but still struggles to plan the game at 720p. I have spent hours going through every possible ""fix"" to similar problems and nothing works or even improves performance. I quit."
,Not Recommended,292120,12834223,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hyybrid,"Yeah nah. Nah.You forgot to make it a video game, Square-Enix. If I wanted to watch a bad anime movie, I would do so, and without having to hold a gamepad. Any semblance of gameplay is illusory. The entire thing is on autopilot. You just press A until the game is finished - except for those times where you have to press L first."
76561198115033899,Not Recommended,292120,22585962,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sgt. Screwjob,"Final Fantasy XIII is quite frankly, boring. I played 45 hrs before I realised that the gameplay was unlikely to open up enough to make up for the time spent on it. I stopped playing it for several reasons:1: This game runs like a turd, with an fps that goes up and down with more vigor than your favourite pornstar, terrible issues with stuttering ( it seems to be the in thing these days ) and very few settings to change.2: The linear maps. I went through chapter after chapter in a straight line. No joke. There was a few obstacles to ""auto-leap"" over. Seriously? Most likely you will keep moving forward, come accross a very obvious floating orb, you cant miss it, open it to find loot, move forward and face an ememy and do it again.3. No side quests, no dungeons to get lost in, little to no customization, a level up system that is a straight line and the most challenging puzzle I played ammounted to turning 4 switches on which were only guarded by enemies that I had been defeating for the last 4 hrs - that's it. There is some upgrading to weapons and accessories, but it's overly complicated and not worth the hassle. You discover weird things like a microchip, electronic this and that but what it boils down to in the end is converting it to exp to level up your weapon in microscopic ammounts. I did this for a while only to find a better weapon in those very easy to access orbs. And by the way, the orbs are the only thing that have loot besides enemies.That being said the game does have some positives. Despite the issues, the game is very pretty and the cut scenes are epic. The story line is pretty epic, though I didn't want to finish it because the gameplay ruined that aspect. I think the only reason I put up with this game for so many hours was because of the interesting story line. I think I might just watch all the cutscenes on youtube or something.The combat system is moderately fun, and there is an element of trying to figure out what moves work and don't, and learning to chain with paradigm shifts is somewhat satisfying. Unfortunately, it's all you do... all the time.I have never really played Final Fantasy before, so unfortunately, this seems like a bad place to start. I'm not sure I can handle the graphics of Final Fantasy 7. So I guess I'll wait till 15 comes out.4/10 - + Great story, awesome cutscenes- Performance issues, linear gameplay, a combat system that grows boring, no japanese?!."
,Not Recommended,292120,19612037,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,avidpornwatcher,"Highly disappointed in overall performance of the game, combined with a lack of D-input support."
,Not Recommended,292120,24877309,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,karinyol,"I play this game because it looks interesting. Im also curious from all negative reviews.Pros:I am fine with linear story and ""corridor"" somewhat simulator.Artstyle is really good, very FF just as expected.Battle system is really fun and fast paced.Characters not really interesting but still nice to look and hear at, especially with Japanese dub. The English dub is also good, but i prefer Japanese.PC port performance is not bad. At 1080p, set shadow and AA to lowest, games run fine with few stutter in weird places (not always in battle where lots of effect taking place).Cons:Story is too much, i don't even know even after reading those dialog-dictionary-something and read wikia. I dont care anymore. This is a let down.But the most biggest let down is the way you handle your party. From what i read around; You keep changing party until end game. Yes, you will ""regain control"" of your party in chapter 10. This game have 13 chapters. Have fun playing character that you dont like until then. People said 25hours in to the game is tutorial. And then thats where the fun start. 25hours? Thats just to long.I am now in chapter 7 and i can't/won't continue to beat this game. I really want to like this game but i can't.Other sequel like FF13-2 and LR:FF13 do not interest me anymore.Hope FF15 will redeem this franchise glory. Hope...ahhh Hope! you mopey boy!"
,Not Recommended,292120,22619963,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,na1L,The game is almost exclusively linear and suddenly increases immensely in difficulty without giving you a lot of opportunities to farm experience or money. The story is way too convoluted in my opinion. Most of the time it feels like you just walk from cutscene to cutscene.
76561198107429952,Not Recommended,292120,13750732,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,alypiusdc,"I own this game on PS3 and loved it.  I was excited to see it released on steam and I bought it on sale.  I can't get the game to open and play it.  I can't get past the launcher.  It seems I am not the only one with this problem, the forums are full of FFXIII ""Crash Club"" members.  I am very dissapointed.  Until this issue is addressed I don't recomend buying it."
76561198024407145,Not Recommended,292120,32900731,Posted: 27 June,all,Airborne808,"had to force myself through the last 1/2 of the game...a rince and repeat mantra of bosses and enemies, felt more time consuming then interesting.....and the monologue during that last 1/2, awdul cheesefest galore..."
76561198153403807,Recommended,292120,24436559,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Fox main in melee,hallway simulator 2069
,Not Recommended,292120,22920667,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Wolfgang Hype,This game just felt mediocre. In a sea of games where there's plenty of good games I can't really recommend one that's just bland.
13371337133766666,Recommended,292120,12461517,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cisco Engineer,"Yes, it has japanese voice option11/10"
76561198020781657,Recommended,292120,12526421,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mist of Majora,"First for those that HAVE played the game before, the game is 60gb of awful as a straight port.  That said, the game looks amazing with the Durante fix that I'm sure you can find easily by googling.  FPS suffers a bit but not much with the patch, but does drop every now and then, but not enough to ruin the experience (for me at least).   Also, just to put this out there, the alt-tab issue is fixed with the patch, the steam overlay seems to slow down significantly, and hitting escape will still exit the game immediately.For those that HAVEN'T played the game before, DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR AN RPG.  Exploration is near non-existent, you have only a slight choice in building your characters, and during the 'tutorial' that lasts what seems like half the game, you don't even have control over your party as a whole.  There's only slight differences in the stats and abilities of all characters that you will have control over once everyone is fully built.On the good side, however, i really enjoy the music and gameplay.   This is one of my favorite FF piano soundtracks, and even though it's not a true RPG, the gameplay is fast paced and does require a small degree of strategy (a little more so on the 'bosses').  The graphics deserve special mention as they are amazing.  Once again, you realy need the fix because the default steam version looks AWFUL compared to even the xbox's version.  And the story... oh the story... It has so much potential and is just a convoluted mess.   And don't get me started on the characters.  This may be a shoo-in for having at least some of the most shallow FF characters of all time, and easily has one of the most annoying.So do I recommend it? Yep.  Just make sure you know what you're getting yourself into though!"
76561198006368627,Recommended,292120,12537192,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,nbp_civic,"Played and beat this game on the ps3 a couple years back. I love the final fantasy series and this one is no exception. Loved it but not my favorite. This game has a very good battle system IMO. How it works is, you only control the leader of the part and the other two are on auto battle set by the setting that is chosen in the paradign. If you like fast paced turn based battles this game is for you.The game has a lot of cutscenes and boss battles. The story is not that great, but there are tons of battles. There is no puzzles to solve or any of that nature.My system is a I7 3770K, 8gb ddr3, and gtx670. The game runs just fine with ocassional frame drops. This game is only 720p, yes its a bummer, but it looks fine. There is a way to increase internal resolution, but not the fullscreen resolution.Overall a good buy and will be buying final fantasy xiii-2 and lightning returns when it comes out for PC.  I have not played xiii-2 or lightning returns yet."
,Recommended,292120,13799436,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Even in your multiplayer!,"NOTE: These are strictly my first impressions. I've played the game partway through Chapter 2, and had low expectations.This game is... Not as bad as people make it out to be. The music is godly thanks to Uematsu, the combat mechanics are solid, and the story... Well, that's my one problem so far. It's a case of ""let's use all these phrases, then only explain them once they're right in front of our faces,"" rather than previous FFs where you hear rumors and such, explaining what things are. Oh, and Hope is the most punchable character in writing."
,Not Recommended,292120,26235826,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hailey,"Game runs poorly, textures glitching and muddy character models, not to mention the god awful frame rate.Though it seems to work better for others than it does for me. Have not been able to play the game so therefore cannot make a ""thumbs up"" recommendation."
,Recommended,292120,13435919,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Peter Parker,"After the patch of December, It's great to play now. Graphics is more beautiful with FULL-HD and some settings (before launching). I really enjoy the game and its fantasy scene. I recommended."
,Recommended,292120,13679342,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jaffaking,"This game is not the best final fantasy game i have played. When i was 9 i started to play the first one and it stays my favorite. However, Final Fantasy XIII (13) is stilll a very great enjoyable game. At first, it may seem fairly linear and the combat maybe too easy but, it gets more complex and harder as your progress. Many pople say that Final Fantasy 13 is the worst final fantasy there is. I cannot say if this is true or not since i have only played these 2 games. But i believe this game is a good start for the series. Each one of the games have a DIFFERENT story so there is no need to play any of the other games to understand its story. Talking about this story this game has an amazing story line. It is filled with action, robots, and amazing pre-rendered cut scenes. I would give it a 8.5-9.0/10. If you are not a very hard core final fantasy fan then this is a great game for you to play."
,Not Recommended,292120,13312331,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TayTay Taylor,"The graphics are really good, but the gameplay and the fighing style, i dont like also there is no options to change grahics setting, like resolution and you have to play on small screen."
76561198105275742,Recommended,292120,12874151,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,A Little Yu,One of the best games I've ever played <3Love the Characters and environments
76561198073565646,Not Recommended,292120,12878326,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Marlamin87,"I won't comment on game's storytelling, design or replay value. For info about that I advice you see excellent video review by Spoony One.Let me just point out One ♥♥♥♥up to rule them all, One ♥♥♥♥up to find them, One ♥♥♥♥up to bring them together and in♥♥♥♥♥♥bind them:In Year Of Our Lord 2014 some piece of space ♥♥♥♥ decided to ignore all good usability practices that PC gaming has developed over last 3 decades and bind ESC key to ""QUIT TO WINDOWS NOW!!!1!1!ONEONE"" without confirmation, without going to start menu, without anything. Press ESC and all you did since last save point is gone and you have to load whole thing again.Except I did not found enough willpower in me to load this sin agains Final Fantasy again. I just gone and decided to replay whatever random other game that I had on my PC at that moment. Because you know. There at least they ask me if I really want to before they nuke my progress.UPDATE: Somebody in development team probably realized what they done since they added a Yes/No prompt before quitting. While this is an improvement it still counts as ♥♥♥♥up because:- It is done via call to WinAPI MsgBox function. ♥♥♥♥ING UGLY! They have a very nice Yes/No dialogue of their own. Why not use that one.- Due to above this causes problems for render. Rest of screen goes white when ESC is pressed. THAT IS EVEN UGLIER!- If they insist on having a key for quitting to OS it should be configurable not hard-coded.Seriously guys. This whole 'feature' looks like you added it in last 5 minutes before release when you realized they forgot Quit option in main menu."
,Not Recommended,292120,19891036,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,🐧 crow,"well the seuqle ff13-3 is called ""lightning returns final fantasy 13"" which is exactly what you should do with this game should you buy it"
,Not Recommended,292120,21032925,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Stokes,Everything about this game is absolutely terrible.
76561198030480161,Not Recommended,292120,29993399,Posted: 17 February,all,Eng. Redes e Pescas,"The story sucked a bit. It is shallow and convoluted.It is basicaly a hallway simulator, and the combat is kinda of boring."
76561197970408117,Not Recommended,292120,26702302,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,howmaster,"I love the early Final Fantasy series (1-9 in particular).  I have to admit that this is my first one since playing 11, but I was excited to get back into the series.  Needles to say, this game was a huge disappointmeant for me.  Boring story and characters that you don't care for at all.  It is extremely linear as well.  You get a 10 minutes cutscene and then get to control your character, run straight forward, and fight a few battles and then another 10 minutes cutscene.  The combat, which FF is known for some strategy, has turned into fast paced button mashing where you don't even have to think, but can just hit auto-battle and the computer does it all for you.  The camera is also horrible, but you do get used to it.  I tried and tried to give it a chance, but after putting a good 4 hrs in and then looking at some other reviews which revealed that it doesn't get any better until the end of the game, I decided to shelf it.  It was a chore to play, not fun at all.  Based on this game, I would not support the other two in the trilogy.  I would only recommend this for the most die hard FF fan.  I would not recommend this for a normal fan of the series or someone who enjoys the genre.  I felt like I was watching a really bad movie where I got to push go every once in a while."
76561198136407110,Recommended,292120,13476644,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Farsen,"Final Fantasy XIII is not an usual open-world jrpg like past titles, however the story (which is always the backbone of every Final Fantasy) is no less stunning and original. The design and atmosphere of both shining utopian world of Cocoon and wild, dangerous and abandoned Gran Pulse is just so original, you will never know where to look first. Although the visual side of the game was apparently top priority for developers, all of the other aspects are not so bad as people like to claim. All of the characters have their own motivations and troubles, and even though i didn't enjoy unfolding their stories as much as i did in Final Fantasy VII, or Final Fantasy IX, it was in no way boring.From very start of the game, you must forget about how our world works and patiently absorb the atmosphere and working of Fabula Nova Crystalis universe. There is no explanatory intro and you are thrown into conflict between two sides you don't know, in place you don't recognize on a planet which is apparently freaking inverted (reminded me of standing on the inside of Halo ring). It comes slowly and I spent a LOT of time browsing through ""datalog"" (kind of in-game encyclopedia and journal) so the mild feeling of confusion is something you should expect from the beginning. I personally enjoyed the slow exploration of this strange sci-fi, fantasy, mythical world however.The combat in XIII is an interesting mix of direct action (your character) and indirect role selecting (two other characters in your party) which makes for a lot of ways to play. Just look at youtube and you will find that everyone uses quite different team compositions. Generally the combat is fast, stylish and definitely feels like Final Fantasy type, although you won't feel so much of control over the exact actions of characters, as you did in past games. Too bad the character development is kind of straightforward one (at least until over half of the game) and sometimes i felt like a machine putting experience points (""Crystogen Points"" or ""CP"" in-game) into the skills and attributes chained one after another with a little choice which one to prefer of leave behind. For example, for a mage caracter Hope, even if you want to max preferably ""magic"" attribute, you sometimes have to ""waste"" a lot of CP into strength attribute, even when you know you won't use it, just to get to those ""magic"" ones.I finished the game recently and the beautiful EPIC finale left me with no doubts about quality of this game however. Even though its sometimes more of a movie, than a game, its still a must for every fan of series and I would recommend it to every other player, who likes rpgs with strong story, fast action and japanese sci-fi world filled with strange but beautiful magic and myths.I personally had no trouble with graphics or other port issues as some people mentioned."
76561198041469975,Recommended,292120,24721260,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,NekrosTMC,Its Great. Just Great.
76561197990872766,Not Recommended,292120,33886651,Posted: 29 July,all,Loser_Slade,"To get it out of the way, I start by saying I have been a fan of Final Fantasy since the original NES game.  It's a series I grew up on.  Games with a group of characters that I (mostly) enjoyed to journey with.  This is also my second purchase of this game, since I had it on my PS3 but had only got to Gran Pulse before my console died.With that all out of the way...This game continues a loss of direction for the franchise as a whole.  While you are a party trying to accomplish heroic deeds, you never feel like you are playing as a party.  You are controlling 1 character, while the rest of the group mills about to themselves.  It means the game lacks the ""plucky group of adventurers"" part of FF I enjoyed.  It's also super obvious they focus the game around Lightning, which doesn't help the storytelling at all.  She suffers little growth throughout the game other than accepting Snow at the end (spoilers), and that has more to do with him impressing upon her that he's not just a headstrong idiot.Which leads me in to the likeability of the character.  They range from annoying to insufferable.  By the end of the game, the only character who I didn't actively dislike was Sazh, and even then they make him annoyingly bumbling at times.  Your mileage may vary, but I really didn't bond with this group.  Since the introduction of set characters, there is always at least one companion in each game that will be met with derision.  This game is unique because it's not just some characters, but all of the characters.I generally don't play games for story; I have yet to play a game with a story that engaged me (I play for characters).  However, even with objective eyes this game is a little lacking in narative.  It has good snippets, mostly the flashbacks to events before the game, but the game itself lacks interesting evolution with ever worsening dialogue as the game progresses.  A good story should stir emotion and make your brain work...  This game will do neither.Combat is flawed.  9/10 times you just select auto combat because it's faster than manual input and it's reasonably smart.  Sometimes, though, it will do stupid things, like use ruin as a commando instead of attack when attack is clearly doing significantly more damage to that target.  There is also noticeable delay in action activation after you fill your action queue which is aggrevating in a game with time sensitive combat.  Overall, it's frustrating and not actually fun.Presentation-wise, it's fairly pretty.  While it has aged a bit since launch (mostly textures, specifically Lightning's skin) it's still nice to look at.  I do find the overall aesthetic pleasing, but character's are a little too noodle-y for me.  I also don't like the hanging sideburns on the Chocobo redesigns.  These are mostly nit picks, but I can't really complain too much about how it looks.Specific comments about the port:  It's pretty bad.  While I didn't have crashing problems and my controller worked decently, there are huge performance drops.  You can mitigate it some with mucking with graphics options in your graphics driver's utility software or by using a 3rd party mod.  Still, no matter what you do, you will still have noticeable frame drops, and occasionally ♥♥♥♥♥ge like controls while the system is chugging around the problem.I really can't recommend this game.  It's a disappointment for me, from start to finish.  It's not even a flawed gem, as the PC version is sometimes frustratingly unplayable because of slowdowns.  Add in repulsive characters, awful combat and ho-hum story to the technical shortcomings and you have a pretty game with nothing of value in it."
,Recommended,292120,17726338,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,"Divisive linear adventuring with this colossal RPG that requires some patience, but pays off with an epic emotive story."
76561197997404688,Not Recommended,292120,24645609,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Leo,"God this game is boring.  I want to see this story, it seems cool but the game is just boring.  You literally walk in a corridor from front to back.  I played it when I was younger and found it boring, bought it again and realized how boring it truly is.  Always in a corridor, fight things, go back to the corridor, cut-scene, corridor, fight.  It's just all boring.  They should have just made this game a movie, I'd buy it.  This is not a game, it is a movie with annoying battles in the middle.  I don't recommend it one bit."
76561198044527842,Not Recommended,292120,23379898,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,aliencube,"This game is good if you just ignore the final fantasy name and pretend it never happened. It is only eye candy, nothing more."
,Recommended,292120,29954510,Posted: 15 February,all,「 Sleepy 」 (>_<) /,10/10 game's combat system plays itself.  also has some alright story to it.
76561198310303431,Not Recommended,292120,24628493,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Giggles,Great game...wish it ran well :(
,Recommended,292120,13565699,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Innocent Hate,"Super gr8 m8, please dont be 2 l8 to master b8 to this str8 sl8"
,Not Recommended,292120,19691252,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Batman,"No, no, no, no and more ♥♥♥♥ no. This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ This developer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292120,16488883,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ikatono,"You walk in a straight line, get into a fight because they're all impossible to avoid, and then choose the ""auto attack"" option for the one character you actually control. Sometimes you watch dumb cutscenes. Plus the UI sucks. It's a bad port of a bad game."
76561198129279126,Recommended,292120,15907321,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Stratus,"I don't understand how this game can have such a high amount of negative ratings.The story: 9/10I really enjoyed this one, even though it can't compete with the story of FFX. Yes, the game is linear and yes, it's not anywhere near of other FF titles in terms of open world. But there is a nice set of different characters that go through different situations simultaneously and deal with the problems that occur throughout the game in different ways, which I found very interesting to follow. But there were some parts, were you simply jump from one cut scene to another without doing anything which felt a bit... sluggish?Game mechanics: 7/10Only one character can be controlled In-battle. Most of the time it's simply pressing auto attack and that's it. What made it dynamic was the whole thing around the paradigm shifts and that you need to adapt you're strategy due to sudden  changes in the enemies attack patterns (even tough they are mostly 100% predictable).Environment: 10/10Fantastic.Enemies: 7/10I was a bit disappointed when I discovered that most of the difficult mission bosses did exactly look like the normal enemies that you encounter all the time. I was hoping to see some badass looking Ultima weapon like enemies instead of killing the same imps over and over. On the other hand, the story bosses are well made and quite challenging.Overall, I really recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the series. I am and I am totally satisfied with FFXIII."
,Recommended,292120,16318908,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"An impressive and lenghty fantasy-dystopian semi-realtime JRPG with an interesting story, some nice characters and great lore.The (up until halfway through and near the end) lack of free exploration is criticized by some, but that's actually one of the strengths of this game. The story, drama and lore is rather strong for guiding down the player an often narrow path. More open RPGs would lose themselves in trivialities instead. Those who feel dulled and aimless in let's say Skyrim will feel much better with a game such as FFXIII. People who may have been used to different ways in previous FF installments could see this as a disappointment, but those who understand the value of this design will know to appreciate it.Sometimes things get very cheesy though with the characters more often than once - despite being in a hurry to merely save an entire planet - babbling (after overcoming initial conflicts and misunderstandings) about their wonderful friendships and lecturing the player on equally cheesy life themes like to take responsibility and to trust others and yourself and whatnot. I read some compare the characters to Shonen fighting anime which is funny but has some truth to it: They have their interesting sides but also some looks, habits or thoughts which can feel artificial or forced for the sake of drama or conflict or to highlight certain points they make for those players who perhaps wouldn't get it if it were more subtle. I couldn't resist rolling my eyes at times or thinking ""Yeah, yeah, I know, get on with it.""The fighting system is interesting. I think I still prefer traditional round-based JRPGs over this semi-realtime thing but it's fun nevertheless. On my difficulty setting - ""Easy"" - I could for many parts basically keep pushing the ""auto-attack"" button and let the A.I. decide what attacks to use while certain other enemies and bosses fell out of line and actually required me to use my own brains. Shifting the paradigms back and forth - skill presets used by the A.I. defining the role of your three combatants in the field (like tank, healer, buffer, damage-dealer), pounding the enemies with magic to ""stagger"" them (putting them into a specifically vulnerable state) and then do regular high-damage attacks to finish them off is a fun pattern to follow even if it can feel messy at times.What has it's good and bad is how the roles play out in conjunction with the personalities of the characters and their individual stories, and how the combat situations are designed alongside.For like the first half of the game you have up to two or three characters out of 7 or so go different story paths, meet different enemies and have different paradigms (roles) for them to choose from at a time. The strong confident character X has a guardian and damage-dealer role at first, the shy and indecisive boy is about magical buffing and staggering, the little cheerful shamanic girl can do healing and staggering and so on. As the story progresse more characters find their way into your party pool and more roles unlock until the very end when everyone can have all roles, even atypical ones, at the cost of increased XP points needed to level up the corresponding skill trees.However this role-play also makes things a little predictable. For all the drama along the way one can tell that the characters eventually will have to group up towards the end in order for it all to make sense, to have these mechanics unlock their full potential. This is where the otherwise great story and immersion themselves are staggering a little.The leveling and crafting sometimes feels a little dumb and like eye-candy. Per paradigm (combat role) each character has this huge tree of mostly passive stats and some active skills to go through but it could very well be displayed in a more simplified way instead and as such is a bit artificially glorified like it is in Path of Exile or Child of Light.The crafting is minimalistic. You level up gear by infusing (?) raw components into it gained from mobs or bought through equally minimalistically presented ""online"" shops. Different components eventually give the item an XP boost when infusing (which I never understood, looked all rather random to me). You level stuff up until it can't go any higher and then keep the item or (which only works for some it seems) transform it into a higher-tier version which can be leveled further again. It's very unspectacular, just a bar filling and some names and values changing. Weapons do look differently when wielded by the characters in combat but sadly you can't properly examine the weapon models and some paradigms (magical ones) have your fighters use their bare hands and not their tools of trade. I never really became much interested in the crafting, I basically started with it only halfway through in the hopes that some bosses wouldn't be as tough to beat. Completionists and those who want to flesh out their characters fully may dabble with it more."
,Not Recommended,292120,19636320,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Walstock,terrible fps and probally wont be fixed
,Recommended,292120,16982068,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kitzz,"A lot of people whine about the linear gameplay but it's final fantasy..past versions was very similar except it wasn't quite so obvious. Graphics and Motion were excellent. Character progression was in line with the story, you basically only max out your ""roles"" at the end of gameplay. Post ending needs some work."
76561198080634202,Recommended,292120,12543108,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ArcOfDarkness,i am a fun of final fantasy series from 9 on ps1 till today it one of the great rpg i ever play and i love everything about it turn-based system gameplay and cinematic scenes and of course there is one how was action on ps2  i hope you enjoyed it people but how did not try it at less do that.
76561198071459511,Recommended,292120,12463258,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CrOsS,"Game rating:  LIGHTNING/10Problems with fps and 720p solved with the Gedosato mode, the game runs smoothly on 1080p and it rocks :) so here it goes:Pros:+It is an FF game+great soundtrack (like always with these series)+great visuals (after you fix the game with the mode)+superb storyline+COOL characters consisting of sexy protagonist Lightning, hero wanna-be Snow and others.+the most challenging battle system ever!, great way to handle summons (in this game called Eidolons), strategy systems and more.Cons:-its linear but its storyline makes up for it-i believe what i did in 5 minutes using the mod to fix the game, Square Enix could have done without much cost.. i am a hardcore fan of the series but next time i'll wait before buying a port of theirs.OVERALL 9/10"
,Recommended,292120,14357596,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DeadStarfishh,Dislike when i buy the game for $20 and it goes on sale for $8 two days later.
,Recommended,292120,13431032,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,stretchfox,"Review after update:I played this game on the console a while ago.  I was kinda disappointed when it first got ported to the PC.  I have a high-end PC and was expecting some improvements.  I searched some forums and put in my complaints - for once SE listened.I waited to play this until the DEC 11th update and I am very pleased.  On max settings, the PC version of this game makes the best console version look like the original Mario...almost no exageration.  I can't say enough good things about how it looks.  They made many improvements and it all flows great.  Although my PC is high-end (to me anyway), it isn't a $2k beast.  I run a 4770k with a gtx770 and I get no lag on max settings.  It only uses 1 core that I can see, so even if you have an i5 it shouldn't make a difference.If you haven't played it - the game was a great addition to the Final Fantasy series.  Everyone has their favorites, mine were FF9 and FF10, but this wasn't a disappointment by any means.  Unlike most Final Fantasys, this game rushes into the story and uses language that will take some getting used to.  It won't take long for you to catch up.  I'd say within a few hours into the game I knew what was going on.  Another few hours later you can't stop playing.  Worth grabbing it on the PC whether you've already played through it or not.  Hope this helps."
,Not Recommended,292120,22557620,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sequest,"Awful combat system, normally I write longer reviews but it doesn't deserve it"
,Not Recommended,292120,22685421,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Pepecomment,"I wanted to try this game out since a lot of people dislike it. I came to dislike it too. It's way to repetitive, it's too linear and the characters are a bit cheesy and a bit boring. The music is pretty good but that's almost all that i find good about this game."
76561198006358385,Recommended,292120,25358168,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Singer Songwriter Geraldo Rivera,"This game is trash in a lot of ways, but damn, I love it. It's also worth playing just to get to the second one, which is better in pretty much every way."
,Recommended,292120,19169966,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Bhood,Good game
,Not Recommended,292120,13332433,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Leota Knightley,"Still have choppy FPS after waiting weeks for a patch, no thanks."
76561198034772482,Recommended,292120,28349478,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Prof. Dong ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is far better than FF XV. F*ck Tabata and Square, i stay with my waifu Lightning and♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,292120,14007995,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tardivex,"It's definetly hard to be concise on such a controversial game, it's basically split, a lot of people like it, a lot of people hate it, I'd say I'm somewhere in the middle, but I think it's at least worth a shot. So here are my thoughts on Final Fantasy XIII, I think this will be a bit long, but I'll keep it spoiler free so you shouldn't worry about that. Also for those wondering about the PC port specifically it's gonna be in the last few paragraphs.>> STORY AND PRESENTATION <<The presentation is absolutely gourgeous, there are some great looking enviroments and the music is really good aswell with some really iconic tracks that you'll probably remember even after you play the game. The story is definetly huge, about 40-70 hours long depending on your playstyle and some people may find it complex, but you can really pick up easily, it's only a bit confusing in the start but if you're paying attention and reading the Data Logs which were surprisingly nice to read and explain / sets up and foreshadows some things really well you should be just fine.I think the problem here for most people are the characters, they really have some uhm... Quirks I suppose that people might not enjoy, like Vanille for instance, I can definetly see her not appealing to a western audience just by the way she speaks, and in combination with Hope's mopeyness it can get annoying, I will say that I think I have a higher tolerance for that sorta stuff, but it builds into some great moments for these two characters in the middle of the game and you can really see how these characters develop. The rest of the group is fine in my opinion, however I think Lighning needed more development...I am trying to avoid spoilers here but I'll say that a bit past the midway point of the game the story starts falling apart a bit, like an issue that a character already went through and grew upon is brought back and it seems like it's a step backwards and just repeating the same thing again but with much less effect, and the whole overarching goal is kinda lost, so the characters are just wandering around doing whatever, which doesn't help it one bit, but then the goal's randomly back, so it definetly seems like this point in between that, having no goal, is just to pad out the game's length more than anything, this arc I'm talking about here is about Chapter 10 and 11, they definetly could've been handled better, and honestly because of them they sorta set the game up for a trainwreck, which could've been fixed mind you in Chapter 12 and 13, the last chapters, but the ending is just really bad.Remember what I said about the Data Logs before and how they were good at explaining and setting things up? Yeah well the end chapter completely forgot that and it seems to just make stuff up as it goes along, manufacturing the most convoluted and unescessary plot holes in the game, plus they went for the generic happy / everything's alright ending but they handled it very poorly and left a lot of unexplained stuff. I think overall the journey IS worth it, but I think the last chapters will leave you a bit dissapointed because of what it could've been.>> GAME MECHANICS <<On the mechanical side of things the combat is a bit simplifyed, It's turn based but you can basically use the ""auto-battle"" button throughout the entire game and not put that much thought into it, the most that you'll do is just switch to a healing role when you need it every now and then with the paradigm system but that's about it, there is some optional content which is much harder though, so you could go for that if you're looking for a challenge.There's no level up system for your characters on this game, all you have is a linear upgrade web which uses points you earn by winning battles, but you can level up your equipment with materials you drop from monsters or buy from the shop, it's kind of a bad system in my opinion because you have to commit to one specific weapon just because of the sheer cost of upgrading, and there's no way to know that ""X"" sword is better when upgraded than ""Y"" sword, so you can end up wasting it and having an inferiour weapon, some people don't like it but I'd definetly say to just check out the wiki on this for optmal stuff, but you really shouldn't have to which is a problem.The game is very linear, you just have one path for most of the game, there are some very small detours to get collectables but that's about it, the game opens up in Chapter 11, providing some side missions but sadly they just feel like busywork, it's just ""Go to A and kill this monster"" and you can't accept multiple missions at the same time so there's a LOT of running around, I did them all for completion's sake but I honestly recommend you just skip them and move on with the story, in which the game becomes linear again in Chapter 12>> PC PORT <<I've bought this game a few months after launch and from what I've seen of release day it's definetly improved quite a bit, it's definetly playable now and you can change the resolution, anti aliasing and shadow resolution now too without using a 3rd party software, there's not a whole lot of customization but it worksI will say I experienced some frame drops in some areas of the game due to poor optimization and I hope it gets fixed with more patches, but it's not THAT frequent, and the majority of the game will run fine at 60 fpsThe controls are fine because it's basically all menus, and the camera in the game is pretty good for the most part>> CONCLUSION <<From what I've said here you probably expect me to not recommend it and say that I hate this game, but for some weird reason despite all the flaws I found it very compelling, I don't know how to explain it exactly but I just wanted to play more and see how the story unfolded, it was interesting enough and the Data Logs were really interesting to read, also putting points into the crystarium felt satisfying somehow, plus even though it's simpler I still enjoyed the combat system, and there are some really challenging optional fights that you can go through that I found quite fun to beat.In the end I just wanted more and more, and I think that's the reason I did all 64 side missions like a crazy maniac, hell I didn't even know you could go back and do them after you finished the game, so I did them all with an underpowered team, but it was really cool trying to find loopholes or strategies to beat these really hard enemies, some of which I shouldn't even really be fighting, and the soundtrack really helped make the experience that much better, and even though I didn't really like the final chapters I still felt satisfied with the journey overall and ended up wanting even more, I mean I'll even pick up the sequel and play that aswell because of this gameSo to summarise... Final Fantasy XIII is not a masterpiece, but there's a LOT of content here, enough to keep you playing for at least 40 hours or even more than that, I genuelly think people should give this one at least a chance, grab it on sale if you're unsure about it, it'll probably be 75% off next time which will be very cheap, I think it's a compelling enough game that you'll end up enjoying at least on some level, but if you're really put off by the characters you will have a bad time, ultimately I think it's all about your level of tolerance for that kind of stuff or if you have any at all"
76561198079230098,Not Recommended,292120,25128824,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,eyesonne,"Two words I would use to describe this game:linear and grindy.I'm a fan of the FF series, but more specifically 6-9. After a break from JRPGs, I decided to give FF13 a try. The first about 20 hours consist of you running down a linear path. All this time I wondered when I would get to a town or some kind of hub, some place where you can interact with the characters and people in the world - but there are none of those.What made it worse is that through out this journey, you have to watch the characters stumble about and listen to a dozen motivational talks, since the cycle of hopelessness and renewed hope seems to repeat itself. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I found myself thinking: ""Didn't we just go through a motivational talk, now you're really upset again? Why?"" The setting and lore for the game seemed really interesting, but the execution was terrible. The flashbacks were particulary the worse, they felt insignificant and failed to draw any kind of emotion from me (besides boredom). I really had to push myself to complete the game.At one point you reach a large open area, which is refreshing at first. But then I realized that there isn't much depth to it, besides grinding and making your characters stronger. I know some people enjoy mastery and combat challenges, and if you are one of these people, maybe you would like FF13. The game is also very pretty - but that's something I think that newer FF games are: beautiful graphics, but at the cost of depth and gameplay freedom.The last negative is that if you're in Asia, you're stuck with Japanese audio. It's not a huge problem, but I would have liked to understand the battle comments the characters made...as well as have that choice to pick English audio.So, if you're someone that's looking for a world that can fascinate and intrigue you, non-linear story and gameplay, you're better off looking somewhere else."
,Recommended,292120,34125156,Posted: 9 August,all,BearGT,Haven't played much but It's nice
,Not Recommended,292120,33438200,Posted: 10 July,all,SomeDeafKid,"One of the worst PC ports I have ever had the misfortune of purchasing. Incredibly disappointing. Even with all the 3rd-party tweaks I was unable to get the game to run smoothly, or even to not lag/stutter constantly."
76561198026250470,Not Recommended,292120,34939126,Posted: 13 September,all,Dorander,"I have tried very hard to like FFXIII, despite having been subjected to earlier opinions both positive and negative.I just can't recommand this product.It isn't because of the ""walking through a tunnel"" syndrome the game definitely suffers from and is so frequently mentioned in other reviews. I knew of it before I bought the game, thought it wouldn't be that bad, it turned out to be worse, but far worse than that it turns out to be not the game's actual problem. Yeah, this game players like you're walking through a tunnel all the time, your movements confined and forced in one single direction except the token sidepath which is guaranteed to give bonus loot. That's not what makes this game bad. One could argue that that is what makes this game story-driven, and near as I can tell the story's actually good.The problem is that this isn't much of a game, and far more of a movie.Starting FFXIII, we're subjected to some of the main characters, most of which who portray stereotypical or archetypical figures from what we're used to from pop culture and/or previous Final Fantasy games. I could probably decently compare most of FFXIII's characters to previous FF games and draw clear parallels, which is okay, because that is part of a Final Fantasy game, right down to the airship captain named Cid. As the game progresses we find out, mostly through flashbacks, that all of these people are somehow related to the central story: the nature of the fal'Cie, a group of mystical beings that provide the functions humans need to survive in their artificial bubble-world called Cocoon, and the nature of their enforced servants, l'Cie, humans ""gifted"" with a brand that provides them both with magical powers and with the curse of turning into a monster if they do not complete their Focus in time, a task set to them by the fal'Cie that doesn't come with a proper set of instructions.It is around the relationship between fal'Cie and humans, the bubble-world of Cocoon and the nature of the planet below the artificial Cocoon world, called Pulse, that the game revolves. Pitting polar positions against each other with human servants in the middle, the story appears beautifully crafted, as beautifully as the world(s) and enviroment you find yourself in while playing the game.The real problem is that all of this doesn't really become apparent until you're 15-20 hours in. The time before that is spent by the game telling you what it wants from you: that it wants you to press buttons in the way it wants to and if you do that right, it'll entertain you with its story. It's like a sullen child. You give it cake, and it'll clean its room.I understand that a good tutorial, especially enmeshed properly in gameplay, is a good feature. Except that a tutorial should not take 15-20 gameplay hours. I will admit that I am not a seasoned Final Fantasy player, and that it could be done a lot faster if I knew what I was doing, but these are not merits by which to judge a game. I am not judging this game compared to other games of its kind, I am judging it on its merits alone, because I expect each game I buy to provide me entertainment value for its own sake. If after 10 hours of gameplay the game still needs to teach me basic functionality, if after 15 hours of gameplay I apparently still get to play with new characters, but more importantly than that STILL don't have the freedom to decide on my own party 'cause the game just HAS to tell the story this way... that's when I get annoyed, and that's primarly 'cause some of these characters play as comfortably as a brick car with square wooden wheels and a sharp metal spike for a seat.This is where the story fails. These characters could be interesting, if I did not have to play with them. Two specifically, Snow and Sazh, are horrible to play with, especially when they're the ""main"" character of the group, and lo and behold a bit of googling reveals that they are the ones irrelevant to the ""meta"" of most useful characters. Similarly one of the best characters to play with, Fang, does not come under your control until 15 hours of playtime. However the game insists on putting me in scenarios where I have different characters with different roles/specializations in control, just so I can experience all possible combinations in a tutorial-esque way until I finally get the point where I probably have full customization.The result is that I don't feel like I am playing a game, the game is playing me. It is a sullen, insecure movie disguised as a game, that demands that I press some obligatory buttons before it'll continue telling me its story.It would help if combat was actually engaging or interesting, but it isn't. The biggest challenge of combat, is starting a fight with Preemptive Strikes, which is achieved by manipulating the amazingly stupid AI into turning its back on you so you can run into them undetected. The rest of combat is primarily playing with the Paradigm system, which defines the roles that your AI controlled characters use (while letting you perform token manual abilities with the ""main"" character), which barely keeps me engaged in the fight. Manipulating paradigms is crucial to succesful combat, especially in the case of the harder bossfights in the game... but it's not difficult, and it's not engaging.The most difficult part of the game by far is dealing with its frequently occurring error: repetitive command lock. I understand that FFXIII is a console port, I don't mind that. However it's a console port that apparently (after googling the issue) doesn't like that you don't have a controller hooked up to your computer. Frequently and apparently randomly, the game will lock your controls into repeating the same button command over and over, effectively making the game unplayable by making your character behave as if you were pressing the same button over and over. Not even terminating the game function through Windows will fix this, when this error occurs you could open notepad and see it write the same letter over and over until you restart your computer.In the end I tried hard to like this game for the sake of its story, which I truly believe could be good. The world is beatifully crafted. The characters eventually turn out to be intersting enough. The gameplay is pretty terrible but I could sludge through it if it at least proved to be reliable and consistent, but even if I were to ignore the frequently occuring error that causes me to restart my computer and ruin my progress, playing this game just feels like a chore. It reminds me of the Stanley Parable, where the protagonist's job is to press a button when queued to do so and work will continue.That is all FFXIII is. Do combat sequence, before you get to continue with otherwise interesting story. It's not a game. It's a movie you have to work for."
76561198044291784,Recommended,292120,29930885,Posted: 14 February,all,Foxareno,i see why ppl dont enjoy this one because it is very linear and is pretty much corridor simmulator for most of the game. but i will say i do enjoy the characters and the story. so if your piocking this up for story then its worth it.
,Not Recommended,292120,29997178,Posted: 17 February,all,inkwhiz888,"I was very much looking forward to this, waitied days, for this to download and install, but when I finaly got to play this, only to do so for as long as I could force myself to (1.2 hrs), so you cant say i did not give it fair go.it is honestly a large backwards step in many regaurds, bringing nothing new to the table aside from an increase in polygon count and texture size.honestly, considering how much i enjoyed FF VIII, X, X-2, XII and tactics, tactics advanced, and revenant wings this is such a bitter pill for me to swallow, i am jut hoping i can still get a refund."
,Recommended,292120,30027205,Posted: 18 February,all,cool,i hate this game
,Recommended,292120,12458368,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"On the one hand, I'm happy to see Square Enix bring a game like Final Fantasy XIII over to PC with full Steamworks integration; on the other, I'm saddened that it's basically nothing more than a conversion of the already neutered Xbox 360 port, making it difficult for me to justify playing the game on Steam when I could instead be playing the original (and far superior) PS3 version.If, however, you've been wanting to play Final Fantasy XIII despite the largely unwarranted vitriol and are A. unfortunate enough to not own a PS3 and/or B. unable to obtain the definitive Chinese + English version, this is probably the most accessible way to play the game with the Japanese voice acting intact; it is at least a functional port, just not what it could have been."
76561197966153566,Not Recommended,292120,14919141,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Who,"I've played this for as long as it would take to get me hooked on FF7 FF8 FF9 and FF10. I hate the characters, one of them communicates emotion by making ""fake sex"" noises.I have decided to play FF7 as i never killed Ruby or Emerald weapon. I'm going back to play FF10 to get all the Aeons too.I'm hoping they remaster FF12 as my PS2 broke and i never got to finish it.If you feel like playing this, and you haven't played FF10, go play FF10.If you feel like playing this, and you have already played FF10, go play FF10 again."
,Not Recommended,292120,24942754,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[GCS]Lord Chalupacabra,"When other reviews said that this game was linear, I didn't realize they meant LITERALLY LINEAR. I played for an hour, and I have yet to turn left or right. The game is literally a series of straight lines interupted by boring combat (press A to win) and cutscenes that transition you to the next straight line map section."
76561198185965653,Recommended,292120,23279634,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TripLeXxX,"nice, but there no free walk adventure.. it quit boring"
,Recommended,292120,12459149,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Alpha,"GraphicsA lot of people seems to hate this game because of the graphics issue. Yes, I agree that the resolution issue is the most annoying thing happened right now, considering most of us already using 1080p or multi monitor setup. But really, apart from the resolution issue, the game's actually pretty good. Even without the graphic settings, The visual is decent enough.ESC key instantly exit the game sounds ridiculous, but I don't think it's a big issue, unless you keep forgetting and accidentally pressing the ESC key before reaching save point.Durante's mod is really a saver. I can enjoy the game is 1080p, but really, what a shame for Square Enix if they don't bother to fix this themselves.Gameplayit's good enough for me. The mechanics seems to keep expanding as the story progress, which is good, to prevent us from starting to get bored with the combat system.SoundsI'm playing the Asian version, so I only have the Japanese audio. Love the sounds of the characters. The subtitles are not really good though. Sometimes the timing's off, other times, what the character says and the subs meaning is quite different, so it's better to play without it. Seems they only put the English audio script for subtitles instead subbing the Japanese audio.The music are masterpiece. I really enjoyed listening to all of them.VerdictAt this moment, I won't recommend the gameIFyou're the guy that thinking graphics is very important. No, it's better for you to skip this game or wait until it goes on sale before biting it.But if graphics is not really an issue for you, I'd recommend you to play this game.Sadly, I don't think I'm gonna instant buy FFXIII-2 and Lightning Returns when they're on store, since Square Enix seems to not giving any effort with this port. I'll just wait for heavy discount before grabbing them."
,Recommended,292120,34811003,Posted: 8 September,all,Angelic Nova 川,"Final Fantasy 13 is the best FF game 've ever played, the views and the story is fascinating, I really ejoyed playing it"
,Recommended,292120,18156713,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,Lightning...'nuff said...
,Recommended,292120,14493665,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Shroom,"If you havn't played a final fantasy game before, you should start with this one in particular."
,Recommended,292120,16521530,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The only way is to fuck,"Story : 9/10Graphic 9/10Things that I love in this game: story, the characters ( especially lightning ),some skill effectsThings that I hate in this game: ♥♥♥♥ING FPS LIMIT,THE CHARACTERS DOESN'T HAVE ANY EMOTIONOverall: 8.9/10"
76561197970907161,Recommended,292120,15572803,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zeroshiki,"Great port over to Steam. However the ONE issue I have is that the ""Confirm"" button is the Square button on my PS4 controller and the ""Cancel"" button is the X button. It's driving me insane!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292120,20483852,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[Tpβ ] comrade Kushala,hallway simulator
76561198024920171,Recommended,292120,14515837,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Brakkish,"I played this extensively on the PS3 and loved it, so I'll go ahead and recommend the PC version after a dozen hours of play.First of all, the PC version looks fantastic. With hours of gorgeously detailed cutscenes, this game is definitely story-driven. I certainly enjoyed that aspect of it, but your mileage will vary greatly depending on how you feel about the characters. The combat becomes fun once you get a decent ways into the game, but unfortunately it's a bit too slow in introducing new mechanics. It's also very linear, with the exception of chapter 11 (of 13). Overall, it's a big game with a great story and a slightly different take on the traditional Final Fantasy gameplay.A couple notes on the port. I haven't experienced any major bugs. There are a couple of graphics options, but these can only be accessed from the launcher. There are no sound options at all. And the control scheme takes some getting used to, especially the escape key which brings up an ""exit game"" prompt."
76561197960281570,Recommended,292120,16036892,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Combat Gorge,"First Final Fantasy game I have picked up in a long time. So here goes, I enjoy the change in combat to some degree, combat is not just a level grind between each boss. Combat is  based on formations, the idea is you pick a team formation with specific player roles to best suit the enemies you are fighting. Depending on the enemy behavior formations need to be changed in the middle of a fight multiple times to avoid being wiped out. Additionally you only control the character in the top of the party the other party characters behavior is determined by the formation you are in.Though I said there is no grinding you still do some to raise your individual characters skills where points are put into a stylized skill tree as you progress to you unlocked new abilities, more health, etc. This is important and you will find it hard to progress without a well-upgraded party.Level design is pretty and makes you want to explore, though the fighting rather detracts from that wish to explore so you may end up not doing so.Gear is also important and you can upgrade certain pieces of gear throughout the game. Though because each piece seems to be limited in usefulness per game section you will be swapping out gear gradually and repeating the upgrading process.My only real complaint is the game drags in places while taking your party around the world without allowing you to really connect with it giving more meaning to your quest to save it.Ultimately what can I say? I enjoyed this game; the combat was enjoyable, the story though a very typical save the world from disaster story is not boring and has some nice twists to keep you engaged, and I found the English voices actors surprisingly non-obnoxious (usually I rely on subtitles)."
,Recommended,292120,15888371,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,restiananta,Simply great!
,Recommended,292120,14489910,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Strikasful,"great game, great graphics, with beautiful scenery and story. Actually the battle system is an improved system from FF XII, by using charge attack bar. Too bad there's no character leveling system, but subtitued by using role leveling system. the camera is a bit too heavy to scroll for me, and sometimes its annoying when the landscape is not flat since im only using keyboard..still this is recommended for JRPG fans, and FF fans"
,Recommended,292120,21033592,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ZELDA,"The Most Hated FF that i could think of is Final Fantasy XIII,well its true its very linear and the gameplay can be boring to some but there is much to it than that, i dont play a lot of final fantasy games, i only played 7,crisis core,and disidia(well technicaly its not ff game but it has ff character) so maybe im not experienced in FF games but i really like this one, some say lightning's character/voice acting is boring and uninteresting but if read the thing in the menu(forgot what it's called) you can read stuff about your journey so far and you will find lightning maybe a little bit interesting and the story is quite good in my opinion and yeah, you have to try it to see if it worth your time because there are people who hates the game and who loved it, so yeah try it (maybe when steam on sale)"
,Recommended,292120,24509642,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BenjieCanDoIt,"I've only ever played Final Fantasy X and never even beat it, so I'm not one to really judge the game, but it's a huge deviation from the traditional RPG. No Turn-Based strategy, just a lot of fast-paced action that you can pay half attention to if you don't mind letting the computer decide what attacks you'll use.While previous games had stories that were really plot-driven, XIII is really character-driven. Actually, the plot is kind of forgettable, but the characters are all amazing and so well fleshed out.Levelling is painfully simple, too. This whole game feels like it's geared for the gamers who prefer to play on easy and focus on the story.So, I dig it, but I can see why Final Fantasy fans would have a problem with the game."
76561198160794937,Not Recommended,292120,22652879,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,measplun,"There are many reasons to hate this game, as you may read in other reviews both here on Steam and elsewhere. The thing is that, if you are a Final Fantasy fan like me, you won't care about that. You'll still feel the need to try it out yourself. Just make sure to waste your money when it is on sale.If you are still unsure about the purchase these two points may help you in you decission:- Many who like the game claim that it gets better after a while (e.g. the awful linear gameplay) and it does. It doesn't make that much of a difference, though, since there isn't much of the story left after that. Sure there are other things still to be done; missions to be completed and achievements to be unlocked - but it will mostly be grinding. Take that from someone who spent ~300 hours completing every aspect of this game (just to be able to say I really did do everything), which is about as much time as I spent on TES: Oblivion, where I did every quest, visited every location, heck I even collected every book in that game.  Out of the 300 FF XIII hours played, 50 - 100 hours were related to the storyline. The rest were leveling and farming the same items from the same enemies over and over again.- This game stays true to the FF ""lore"". It is a genuine Final Fantasy game. The story is one where your party fights forces of evil to save the world; the backstories of the characters are cliché and the dialog is so simple and naïve that is seems out of place; it's semi-turn-based; you level your characters to get all the usual spells such as ""Life"" and ""Quake""; you get to fight against the same unimaginative ""slime""-enemies as you did in the first installments and the bosses are epicly designed to the point where you don't know what's the face and what's the rear; you get to summon powerful beings to your aid; and you get to ride chocobos.Finally, I will warn you that this game will require a lot of patience - the wrong kind. I hardly enjoyed any of it. This could be the worst game I've ever played but, considering that I played many weird console games back in the 90's, that is unlikely."
76561198031495115,Not Recommended,292120,20358498,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,T-T-T-Torrance,"It almost being me actual pain how corny and cliche the dialog in this game is, my brain hurts after just the first few scenes.  The combat system is just push one button over and over while your support heals and takes care of everything else and there is literally nowhere you can go but the intended path.  It seems in their attempt to be unique but still recreate FF8 they just made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
,Recommended,292120,20866192,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MonkeyPants,I mean.. it was a great interactive movie.
,Not Recommended,292120,13715757,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,idrumgood,"I really want to play this game, but it stutters constantly. I've tried all the fixes posted and nothing works. The game is unplayable which is a shame."
76561198111793846,Recommended,292120,16688905,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,yaska.p,Best
,Recommended,292120,16452074,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Harutya,"the beginning is so boring, but if you following the story, you will understand how good this game, especially lightningsrsly, just buy it if u love her :D"
,Recommended,292120,17012813,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Kobaian,"The game has some flaws, like weird pacing or poor optimisation. It's also very linear, and you will spend most (with one MAJOR exception) of the game running in corridor-like locations. But it also has a great storyline, a satysfying and original battle system and convincing characters, each facing their own personal dilemmas. And because of these reasons I absolutely loved playing FF13- especially because it made me care about every single one of its heroes to a Mass Effect-level degree. I'd actually recommend it to all RPG fans. It's not perfect, and will just not work for some people- but it's a unique experience that certainly worked for me."
,Recommended,292120,16309902,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,chopin,The first 10 Chapters go by pretty quick... then somehow in chapter 11 the game just gets a million times longer.
,Recommended,292120,16405948,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Scozzar,"I have mixed feelings about this game.  For one, it is very linear.  Start here, fight until you get here and repeat.  This gets old very quickly because you feel like you aren't accomplishing anything.  At the same time, the plot is okay.  My biggest gripe is the difficulty.  You start out and it's really easy.  Like REALLY easy.  Everything is fine until you hit this one enemy who is the hardest thing you've ever seen.  You fight it, get wrecked and repeat.  Once you defeat it, everything goes back to normal.  BUT THEN THE♥♥♥♥♥♥HITS THE FAN.  Once you start chapter 11 (Gran Pulse) you will find yourself getting torn a new one every step from here until the end.  I hated it.  Even after grinding the c'ieth stone missions up to 30, I was still getting a new one torn in chapter 13.  The enemies would have ridiculous buffs and attack speeds that my party (nearly all level 4 ranked) wouldn't stand a chance.  As a matter of fact, the amount of grinding  needed to be done was so off putting that I stopped playing on the final chapter."
,Recommended,292120,16531582,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Liam,nice
76561198065337300,Recommended,292120,16539651,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MrHan,"fantasitc game,very beautiful music and storyline"
,Recommended,292120,13731356,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,VACATION TIME,Yolo
76561198028143552,Not Recommended,292120,30051422,Posted: 19 February,all,Sir Lemur,"I've generally enjoyed the FF series, but this one just fell flat for me.  The story seems sort of interesting, but the combat is unengaging, many of the characters are boring or annoying, and the non combat portions of the game seem to consist solely of walking dow various hallways."
76561198067822956,Not Recommended,292120,13751949,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,.....,"The graphics of the FF13 is definitely improved. It shows the fine details of the characters and stuff however, the game does not run smoothly. It keeps on jerking when the game runs. I am running this game on the latest G751JT laptop and have checked the specs. The specs fulfil the recommended requirements of the game. I hope the developers are doing something about this...."
,Recommended,292120,13951479,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Yokai #KumoriCon,"Having never played any other FF games, I played this first on X360 until chapter 10, but now on PC on Chapter 8 w/ a 360 controller I find its pretty enjoyable, though now there's guides making it easier plus easy mode (dont wanna regrind 10 chapters).This is a pretty solid PC-port. I pull consistent FPS, the only time it stutters is after a cutscene for a few seconds until I guess it loads the area. Also there is no save limit like on the X360 so thats nice. I guess by the time I bought and played it they fixed a majority of the graphics issues but a few remain though not game stopping nor annoying.Only bad thing I see is the 50gb install size, guess in Japan they expect every to have 200-300gb free (though this was installed on a freshly installed 2TB but still 50gb is way too large). Mainly the videos make up 30-40gb or so which is sad.In the end I give this game 8.5/10, the port a 8/10.I plan on buying FF13-2 and if it comes to Steam Lightning Returns."
76561198159344181,Recommended,292120,14542943,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nula513,"This game is quite literally dangerous to be a fan of, as it has been bashed and criticized relentlessly.  These people tend to be a very loud minority, however.  The game does have its flaws, but I personally loved it.Pros:+Innovative and stratigic gameplay+Beautiful music and graphics+A well-written setting and world+Good character developemntCons:-The game is very linear, so not much replay value-Story may be confusing to some people-Characters may not appeal to some peopleOverall, it's a good game, and not deserving of all the hate it gets."
76561197979336438,Recommended,292120,13630444,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BadAndy,"So basically this it how it goes: If you are not a fan of any of the final fantasy games, you will love this game. If you are a die hard final fantasy fan you will more than likely hate it. Being someone who has never enjoyed any final fantasy game I personally  thought this was the best one. The protagonist is SUPER HOT, the battle system is fast so you dont have to deal with a boring slow paced crappy turn based game AND it is the first final fantasy to have a non sterotypical black guy partake in the story. There is also a character who most would define as jail bait in the game. Hopefully she grows up in XIII-2 so I can finally fantasize about her as well as Lightening."
,Not Recommended,292120,14304094,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Trancill,"I am a huge Final Fantasy fan since the SNES era.  This installment is a big dissapointment:- Weak & uninspiring story... barely any plot after 7 hours of playing.- 2 dimensional characters.- Bad dialogue.- Very little strategy in the battles... almost everything happens automatically.  The same can be said of the whole game, really.- Very little strategy in character progression, equipment choice, ...- The world is one big corridor, nothing to explore.  Nothing to accomplish.- No interaction with the world, it literally feels dead.  For example: no towns to visit, no people to talk to, not much in the terms of history of the world, ...In conclusion: I have better things to do with my time, I am uninstalling this after giving it a couple of second chances in the hope that it would grow on me, or bloom open."
,Not Recommended,292120,14310643,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,🅿 ム 𝖭 𝖣 ム,This game is so linear it could be a side scrolling
76561198086550112,Not Recommended,292120,13909210,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,sajtalma,"This game is horrible.Pros:-ArtworkCons:-The port from console to pc is really bad, no graphic options, weird key layout, heavy fps drops-Story is not understandable if you don't visit a wiki-Combat system was made by people who think buttonmash is an acceptable way of combat.-The characters are so bad, they have zero brains, zero logic, i don't even know how they could survive till now, they have ambitions which i can not understandOverall:I love grinding and turn based games like FFXII, Persona 3, hell even Pokemon, but this game is the bad kind of grindgame where you just want to finish it as soon as possible and don't enjoy grinding. And to me it felt like the tutorial was the first 20+hrs of gameplay because thats when the world opens up from the linear 'just go straight ahead'.Story:The story is big scale with lots of made up words about 6 people who are not really likeable. I hate like 4 of them because they are no-brains and do stuff a person never would. One is hunting the other for revenge because in his oppinion he killed his mother ( he did not, he was not responsible by far) the other is looking for his only love in the world, i have to mention here that the guy is like what? 20-24 years old and the girls seems less than 16 and they are even engaged these are things that make me feel frustrated. Also if you want to understand the story and watch all cutscenes you won't understand what is going on you have to visit a wiki page to get the story.In my opinion the story is very bad because they use fictional words and their meaning is not well explained, and the characters backstory is bad.Combat:My best guess is that the one who invented this combat system was the local janitor. It is bad, really bad. It is kind of a turn based combat system in real time, sound fun right? No its not. Every character has roles in which they can fight, like heal, tank, damage and some other. You only controll one character but you can switch between the combat roles in combat and the other two guys in your party will do stuff according to their role. Your main character with which you play can be commanded as you wish or can be put on autocombat which makes the game a button mash but it is not playable otherwise, because the combat is in real time and if you want to strategize and choose your attacks without the autocombat system you will miss out on many opportunities to attack which. The other thing is that once you select your party you have to kind of program the AI what roles they should do in what combination this is kind of like the gambit system in FFXII but not as deep. What i noticed is that once you make a perfect role combo which you would use guess what? It resets after some cutscenes which makes you reprogram them very often.If you would have been able to controll all characters to full extent and stop time while you make the choices, basically if this would have been a turn based combat system it would have been much better, as the combat is very limited this way and i often feel like i am just mashing buttons instead of doing some strategizing. An option to flee from a fight is also missing but if you die you are able to retry before you engaged the enemy you are fighting.World:The world is pretty massive but it takes you like 20+ hours of gameplay to be able to go where you want and pick up sidequests. It would have been much nicer if you could have picked up some of them in this 20+ hours of gametime. The world is also really linear in these first hours of gameplay, there is no real exploration or anything like that you will find yourself following passages with only one direction to go."
,Recommended,292120,19761634,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Xanthey Belmont,"So you will read mixed reviews on this title, and complaints about thin story and it running poorly. Disregard those reviews. FFXIII has quickly become one of my favorites of the series. I first started playing Final Fantasy with the original on the NES. I got it two days after launch, brand new, from the rack at our local walmart. Me and my mom (who also enjoyed RPGs) got it on a whim because the coverart looked really rad. We were pleasantly surprised by an amazing game, and have played the franchise ever since. This game's story is involving, evolving, and deep. You will get attached to the characters before you know it, and will start having emotional responses to the trials they encounter. The gameplay IS a bit linear, but if you have been playing Final Fantasy long, you will be accustomed to that and it will not feel odd. This is not World of Warcraft, this is not Final Fantasy XIV ARR. This is a single-player Final Fantasy title that lives up to it's namesake. The music is moving, and me and my wife have since downloaded the soundtracks for this, and the next two titles. We have gotten real-world merchandise from the game, and have become involved in the canon about the characters. So to make a summation: The game is lovely if you enjoyed previous Final Fantasy titles such as FF7/9/X, etc; you will love this one just the same. The game runs perfectly great if you are playing on a gaming computer, and not some Lenovo laptop you borrowed from work. The art, music, and combat system are all the quality you would expect from a Final Fantasy title. If you liked Final Fantasy 10, get this game. It's really just a newer version of that game with a different story; it's very comparable."
76561198189428717,Recommended,292120,26515348,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ace,"I like this game, I really do. After I got used to it. The cp system that replaces the classic EXP system is a problem i can live with. the gameplay and battlestyle are all simple to understand and they are fine. Good even. So i'll still give this game 7/10But that ♥♥♥♥ing camera is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1/10Also vanille will give you cancer."
,Not Recommended,292120,28746930,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Remos,"PC port is a big disappointment.Game itself is quite a disappointment too. Hacking ""A"" button for 10 hours and getting through everything the game throws at you is just not impressive. Lacks enjoyable, or even bearable, combat system. Looks sweet though."
76561197995188789,Not Recommended,292120,13770268,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Stuttering Army Carnies,How can a game that takes up 60GB on my hard drive have cutscene audio quality that resembles 64kb/s MP3s?
,Recommended,292120,19890700,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aitharic,Lightning is hot
,Recommended,292120,19993534,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CichY,"I'm looking for someone to share in an advanture.An Adventure? - Well, take your rainbow friends, through the high contrast world and use candy rain with other Ice Cream balls to defeat your enemies that will await you ahead. Oh! - And don't forget to take your camera as well.It been almost two years since I played FF XIII for the last time. However I decided to write a review anyway. I have to admit, that I'm not a huge fan of the franchise, but it doesn't means I don't know nothing about it.As in every game, there is no strict story line between each game. Final Fantasy is rather brand which keep well known product and tries to maintain some basics of game mechanics and each of them has own story.In final fantasy XIII's storyline is placed in world called Cocoon, that want to be destroyed by lords of Santctum under command of Galeth Dysley. In the game we are steering as 6 main characters. These are Lighting, Snow, Vanille, Katzroy, Hope, and Fang. They are trying to prevent of human destruction of the cocoon. Each of them has on own expressive personality, history and different behavior during the fight.Gameplay is very controversial. Some of fans complain on dead linearity which does not give us opportunity to discover the world. We are traveling from point A to B. But, to be honest I actually enjoyed it. FF XIII isn't hack n' slash game, which means we cannot keep press repeadle mouse button as fast as possible to kill  as much as we can. In this game we have old school Nintendo's RPG style. Where for fights shows a different screen and to attack our enemy we have to choice enemy, and the attack of which we have to destroy him. For some beasts some attacks are more effective and for other less.Music and Visual part is really charming. I have couldn't imagine the game without high contrasts and so good music themes. From very beginning we have feelings like we are watching good quality Asian TV series. It is done by great story and lots of high quality of cinematic - one after another.For the bad aspect, I have to admit, even if music is good, it's also very repetitive. It's getting a bit annoying when we hear the same theme during 999999'th fight. And I cannot say lot of good about the PC port. Even with high end PC, horrible FPS drops (60/30) are on main curse on this adventure. Anybody who did this, didn't try to make anything about shaders or increasing/decreasing graphics, to keep game stabilised or looking better than consoles. What's worth to say. My GTX 970 is using 30% of its performance during playing this game. Other words we could say it is 100% PlayStation 3 emulator.But even with this defects I would to recommend this amazing masterpiece.My Rate:8/10"
,Recommended,292120,12893855,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Capii,Best Game Ever.. lol
,Recommended,292120,12915469,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tenkei,"I enjoyed the game. Japanese language was included - huge plus for me, and the previous issue regarding the resolution is scheduled in an upcoming patch. Graphics are great, and so is the music. The storyline wasn't as clear as it could have been, but it was overall enjoyable - for me at least."
,Recommended,292120,12970798,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Shinanai,"One of the best JRPG game , you should definitely play this"
,Recommended,292120,13467055,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Valrion,"My initial review is outdated so trying this again;Fixed things:This game now supports any res.Esc doesn't auto-close the game anymore, now it gives a prompt.Bad things:This game for some reason is 60 GB. (FFXIII-2 is 30GB by comparison.)This game is a linear experience. You go from point A to point B then fight a boss, watch a cutscene. Repeat.---First off although this game is linear, I find it fun as all your characters are not stuck in a simple healer/tank/dps scenario they can be switched up fluently which makes combat alot of fun.  The characters backstories will grab your attention in a way where you will despise some characters and love others.   The graphics are gorgeous making for some very pretty screenshots that in some cases make you want to screenshot & wallpaper it.  I use an xbox controller to play with no real problems there.  Some of the conversations that go on while you're traversing the linear path have made me stop and go ""wait did I actually read that?""   and often keep me amused (one such screenshot:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=325490148) Overall this game is memorable, you will remember who you liked and didn't your first run through and although the game doesn't really shine till late game (after chapter 10) you can't really beat it for its low price."
,Recommended,292120,16547178,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Twice_Sana,Kipidap!
76561198055814197,Recommended,292120,18000054,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Krauvando,A female döuchebag trying to save her sister who is the fetish of an alpha-man lolicon and both need to destroy big things in order to save other big things together with two kids and the legacy of Barret.
,Recommended,292120,19263964,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,No Soda No Cry,great story
,Recommended,292120,19572243,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Apples,"The entire game may just be a straight line, but its the best straight line i've ever walked down10/10"
,Recommended,292120,19513678,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lucitus,it is like a good fanatsy movie
,Recommended,292120,17924155,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SushicCat55,story RICHHHHHHHHHHH!
,Not Recommended,292120,13102169,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,C2,"not full controller support, dont equal previos ff"
,Recommended,292120,12460924,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tazcam Atriedes,"Aside from the very lazy porting this is still one of the best JRPG's on PC.While its just lazy on SE's part most of the problems with the port can be solved with a little modding and tweaking, but we enjoy that right? Cause we are PC gamers ;)Also think before you hit the ESC key xDPorting aside the game it self is still pretty great in my opinion. The characters are great for the most part and I enjoyed the story. Also this version comes with Japanese dabb :DThe big drawback on this particual entry over entries in the seires is its linear nature.Would recommend if you are a fan of the series and don't mind a bit of tweaking."
,Recommended,292120,12698085,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Haise,For people who couldn't play it on PS :v
,Not Recommended,292120,12438110,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Arcaias,"Amd 9370 @4.7ghz, Amd 290x, 16 gigs of ram.. blah blah..I get 30 fps in this game.. i cant even play is it gets so jittery.. no settings to speak of and its locked at 720p.. oh yeah the 290x Loooves running games like its 1999... this is a huge let down."
,Recommended,292120,13676350,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Orion,"I had never played Final Fantasy XIII on any of the cosoles prior to playing on Steam, so I have no complaints about the graphics.  That said, I did not really start playing this game until the December updated was available, which I've read has at least improved some of the issues noted in the early reviews.I find this a very acceptable entry in the Final Fantasy series.  The battle system is different, with much of the strategy going into what role the party members have while mostly letting the party members actions within that role.One complaint, despite the ability to revive other party members with items and later abilities, if the party leader dies it's game over immediately.  This is not a huge problem, as in this game you can retry from just before the fight rather than the last save.I do like the Crystarium system for leveling up and gaining abilities, which allows you to give the characters a measured boost in HP, Strength, or Magic every few battles.The story so far, about 26 hours into the game, is good.  There are a lot of threads, that seem unrelated at first, but they've started coming together in interesting though generally unsurprising ways.  That said, it took quite some time to get into it, and at first there doesn't seem to be much story beyond the characters needing to survive whateverThe gameplay is very linear, which I only mind in comparison to other Final Fantasy games that were less so.  From a story perspective I like this - as I'm always looking to unveil more of the story and since it's linear, any action gets you closer to the next story development.I do recommend this game."
76561197993992944,Not Recommended,292120,13202881,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,aju,"As of writing this, I can't recommend it unless you have a wired Xbox 360 gamepad. It absolutely doesn't work with my PS2 gamepad, forcing me to use my keyboard. (And X360CE doesn't work either, because the game doesn't actually use XInput)I don't even know how you can screw something this basic up so badly."
,Not Recommended,292120,17888283,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ANDRW,Stephen Hawking runs better than this damn game.
,Not Recommended,292120,21777733,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dumle,"This pc port is really quite awful. The game runs like crap and the options available are limited.  I experienced terrible stuttering until i connected my controller. Apparently the game is polling like crazy for the controller at some intervall which caused the stuttering. It is really quite amazing that the port can still work so badly this long after release. This is cause enough for me to thumb this game down but how is the actual game?Well overall i did not like it. The game have some good moments. It looks nice and the combat can be enjoyable in a ""i am tired from work and want something simple as hell"" kind of way. The problem is that you are going to spend a very long time with the combat and it gets repetitive really fast. Most battles can be won by simply spamming the auto attack and changing your role set up every now and then. It is not very interactive and i got very tired of the absurd amount of trash mobs the game kept throwing at me.But there are times when the combat gets a bit harder and you are required to change your role set up with a pretty high intensity. But since you are limited to only controlling your main character it doesn't really get all that more complex and you are left to hope that your ai companions do their role well enough. Few enemies require any interesting tactics and the combat basically consists of you swaping between offensive, defensive, healing, etc party set ups.What i found really frustrating is that you lose if you main character dies. Some enemy parties can deal very large amount of damage to a single character if the RNG god dislikes you and i can not begin to describe how frustrating i found it when my main character with 90 % + health died in a couple of seconds. Some boss battles are insanely long and several times i almost decided to uninstall the game when my main character got killed by some super attack 10 minutes into a boss fight.This game is also very stat heavy and it is certainly possible to grind in it. I tried to stay away from that but after i got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by a boss i threw away my pride and grinded a bit. So how is leveling system? Well it is very basic. You get a bunch of skill trees if you can call them that that consists of three attributes and skills. It is very shallow and very much pretend. All roads lead to rome so to say and in most chapters i managed to fill out every skill tree available.The items are basic as hell and i found it really disappointing that you only get to swap weapon and accessories. I also wish that i would get items that would change the characters apparence but that never happened.So what do you do in the game? Well you follow a linear as hell level and initiate combat with enemies and loot chests.  There is a chapter with something some may call an open world but there is really not much to it. Yes you get ""quests"" which consist of initiating combat with certain enemies but that is it. So this is what you get gameplay wise and i do not think that it is all that interesting. The majority of the games gameplay felt like complete filler to me and i kind of expected more.So what is left is the story. Is it any good? No it is truly awful. A lot of games have awful stories but it is often obvious that they do not really care about it, this game can not get away with that excuse. The plot does an awful job of communicating basic world info to the player and the game keeps on throwing terms at the player. It was really confusing at first but it never became much better when i started to understand what was going on. The overall plot is just completely nonsensical and i did not care about it one bit.The characters had some good moments here and there even though they certainly are a bit high on the drama. But very little actually happens and even though the games cast is really small for a rpg of this size i never started to care for anyone expect perhaps Sazh. The antagonist of the game is also a joke by the way.But the thing about the plot is that it is really nonexistand during the majority of the game. This game does not combine gameplay and story and the majority of the game you are simply traveling to a place because the plot tells you so. It is a big roadtrip and i found the story to be a big waste of time and in my opinion the plot did not bring up any topics, themes, details about the setting, characters or whatever that i found remotely interesting.Overall i did not enjoy the game and i would not recommend it even if the pc version worked fine. Which it does not."
,Not Recommended,292120,33378864,Posted: 8 July,all,SyrFlova,"I really like the story, gameplay, characters of this game. really.But it seems Square Enix really mess up this port way too bad.Screen tearing, unstable FPS, crashes, etcwell some problem is fixable (fixed by some fans, wtf the developer doing ??? )I bought the trilogy and just gave up... i have a decent machine and struggle just to get 60fpsand not to mention the screen tearing, this game give you fullscreen option but the truth, it's only windowed fullscreen so even if you turn on Vsync, you still get Screen tearing....FF XII minor FPS drop and screen tearing (after a bit googling, i manage to fix it... maybe temporary)FF XII-2 keep crashing even at the prologue (LOL)FF XII Lightning Returns.... well i stop downloading this one, i'm tired to even tryI've been struggle for a few hours (about 5 hours) just to get this game run properlyi7 7700HQ16 GB DDR4 RAMGTX 1050ti 4GBi'm done with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, i'm refunding and never ever want to touch Square Enix port ever again..."
76561198091425055,Recommended,292120,22327281,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,KaDaddy,Lightning is really hot.10/10-IGN
76561198110650531,Not Recommended,292120,24741353,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LIL-REDDENBACHER,"I'm like 90% thru the game in terms of beating it, but man, this game really gets old.  I'm just beating it out of principal at this point.  The fighting and paradigm mechanics actually get pretty cool once you learn it,  The story is average at best.Pros:Boss battles can be brutal -- really make you think or google the strategyGraphics are great.  I found myself doing the stop and just scroll the camera to look around often.Music is top notch,  Some tracks are absolutely beautiful.Cons:Story is average, hard to pick up at firstWeapon and accessory upgrade system really confusing.  You need to look at guides I feel to have a clue what to do.Some of the goon monsters are pretty lame.  There is a common enemy that I would compare to  a bouncing trashcan in this game.Chapter 11 -- i think i've been in it for 20 hours.I'd give it a 5/10, but just can't recommend.  Hoping the sequels fare better."
76561198116428872,Recommended,292120,13730770,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Phreya™,"=Gameplay 7/10Like-The different kind of battle systemWell, I always like something different. I've heard some people say that they want the old battle system just like the previous FF series. I like the previous battle system as well, but trying something different is not that bad. I ain't even mad. I like the unique paradigm shift system that let you change the job combination of your team during battle and the Crystarium system (reminds me of FFX Sphere Grid).-The open world part started from chapter 11.I've been waiting for this after 10 straight chapters. Finally, I can do something else beside following the story. I enjoyed doing Cie'th stone quest, Chocobo treasure hunter (reminds me of FFIX), CP grinding and exploring the open world.Dislike-The so damn straight gameplay from chapter 1-10.I can't deny that It's kinda boring when you just follow the story and can't do anything else. It's even worse when it takes 10 chapters to play like that.-Can't control other characters except the leader.I want a full control to all of my characters.=Audio visual 9/10Well, SE did put a lot effort on this just like if they're making a movie.=Story line 8/10This game has a beautiful storyline and quite complicated too. Even it's too complicated for some people and they mad for getting confused. Well, you just need to follow the story as you play it and... the answer is pretty obvious right there. I enjoyed the storyline offered in this game.=AdditionalThe locked graphics at 720p for this PC ported version is bothering me at first. It's even worse when there're no graphics option. But, It's fixed with the new patch. The game runs smoothly on my PC."
,Not Recommended,292120,25999531,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SimpleFigment,"Not a single redeeming quality, and this is from a Final Fantasy fan. This is to Final Fantasy what X-2 was to X."
76561198085784327,Recommended,292120,33571595,Posted: 15 July,all,Laganja Estranja,"I don't know happened, the FPS is better and it's running flawlessly."
,Recommended,292120,17715492,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bruno,"Final Fantasy XIII is a controversial entry in the long-running JRPG series and the reasons behind the backlash it received have a lot to do with some radical choices the developers made. This is a JRPG that removes almost all the adventure and exploration elements associated with the genre. Instead, it chooses to focus on the story-telling and combat.The story is told mainly through cut-scenes and the combat is a fast-paced variation on the classic active-time battle system found in older titles like Final Fantasy VII. The cut-scenes are very impressive and the story being told does maintain a strong sense of pacing throughout the entire game. Combat is fluid and intense, with enough variety to keep demanding players interested. However, the absence of ""towns"" and similar combat-free spaces makes the experience feel somewhat repetitive once it becomes clear that the game is just a long series of battles interrupted with cut-scenes every now and then.Overall, I feel like this is a good game for what it is, but it is flawed in many ways. The UI doesn't really help the player at all and using the Shops and the Weapon Upgrade System is a chore because you end up having to get in and out of menus numerous times. The end game feels rushed and, the further you go, the more it becomes just a long grind. I gave up on it after realizing the last two special bosses are almost unbeatable without reaching the level cap in all the classes.If I were to score FFXIII, I'd give it a 4/5. Despite the problems I found, the game's quality is impressive. Graphics and animations look amazing, soundtrack is beautiful, combat is mostly great and the story is actually pretty cool once you understand what the hell is going on."
,Not Recommended,292120,29366408,Posted: 19 January,all,Luke™,First thing: PC port. On GTX 960 and I5 4450 with 8gb rams i expreince a lot of fps drops down to 10 o 15. Other wise 60 fps.I hoped that this could get me in FF at least a bit but i miss gameplay. Camera is mess your character is on centred on left side of your screen making me feel wierd when i try to look around. Combat system is like this: You bump to someone then you teleport and combat starts you press one button then the enemy die (unless its boss then you need to think a bit) after EVERY battle you will see a summary on how did you do the game will rate you and you will see if you got any items. For me seeing summary after EVERY DAMN FIGHT is iritating.You can probably just go and look at all the cinematics in order and you basically play the game since this is more a movice than a game.
,Not Recommended,292120,29489163,Posted: 25 January,all,Marquiz,Nie stuttering during cutscenes you've got there Squneex....It makes my eyes bleed.
76561198017320730,Not Recommended,292120,22816439,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Last Rights,"The worst FF title by a long shot. Its a shame too, because the game has some great lore and worldbuilding. The visuals are gorgeous as well. Unfortunately the combat system, equipment system, and character progression completely ruin it. The battles are so utterly tedious, it makes the game a complete chore. Pass."
76561198031672915,Not Recommended,292120,19689114,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,martemyota,tried the game for a few minutes. game ran at about 45 fps and had a weird skip every second or so. just going to refund
76561198038552111,Recommended,292120,22852991,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Phruler,Very good game
76561198052312066,Recommended,292120,22897033,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RedAlfa,"a very beautifull game,like it a lots,its very linear but the story is solid,"
76561198146650552,Recommended,292120,30028016,Posted: 18 February,all,Army of One,"It's fun! I like the battle system and storyline. Too bad it is kinda linear, but so far so good :D"
,Recommended,292120,34883538,Posted: 11 September,all,Paper Awoo,"Ignore my hours on Steam, finished this game on console twice.Pros:- OST- Deep Story- Paradigm Battle SystemNeutral:- Linear- Characters' PersonalityCons:- unstable FPS- 50 gb downloadIf Final Fantasy XV disappointed you, this one won't."
,Recommended,292120,26761142,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"I was one of the few that loved this game, best battle system in Final Fantasy to date!, Story was a bit meh but ok, Hope needed to die, Early only thing that was actually bad with this game was the fact he didnt. maps easy to follow, but a bit short gameplay wise, could of done with larger areas & more to do.Shame they ruined the FFXIII games by having that backward & forward to go back, then forward then back Crap in FFXIII-2 & that terrible crap Lightening returns, worst game ever! only Final Fantasy game i stopped playing & never finished. But all that aside This game here is worth taking the time to play regardless of what people say. Wish they stuck with this battle system going forward (FFXV/lighting returns), altho type-o battle system is also fun."
,Not Recommended,292120,20176460,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elane»,Remember that scene in Metal Gear Solid where Psycho Mantis could make your controller move with his mind? This game's like that.
,Recommended,292120,19171988,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Heyi,+ Top notch cutscenes as usual in a FF game.+ Great turn based gameplay;+ Great visuals;+ Great story:+ Game Length;- Capped at 30 FPS;- Linear gameplay;- Weak PC graphic/sound options;Score: 8/10.Posted 15 August.
76561198098101306,Recommended,292120,19727510,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,allenj,"fan of ff series...bad port , everything else A+"
,Recommended,292120,28139700,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SlugsPerSecond,"A weak entry in to the FF saga, but still a very good game."
76561198064355512,Not Recommended,292120,23390471,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Joeyjoejoejoejoe,"I've tried twice on PC alone to get into this game, it's just not happening, just skip to the third game for good gameplay."
,Not Recommended,292120,21442501,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Toto Mei,"It's taken me several years to finally try this game out.  I had read all the complaints about it and I am one of those annoying historic fans who is very precious about the turn based system (woe).  With the remake of VII coming out and watching the trailers, I have to accept that turn based is never going to make a come back in this franchise.So I set out to get used to it.  What I learned, however, is that the Final Fantasy franchise is no longer worth investing in if this is what they come up with these days.The story is atrocious.  Clumsily told and they must realise this, because they keep a summary of everything in the datalog and also recap what's happened as you load up the game.  It's just mega confusing.  I read everything and played through everything, and yet when it came to the final boss, I had no clue as to what was going on.  Final Fantasy stories are tradtionally a bit complex but this was truly flimsy writing.The game play - it seemed rather awesome.  For the first 20 minutes.  Then it got tiresome.  You soon learn that battles are rather long and no amount of grinding will shorten them because  a) they cap your development for each chapter and b) you have to ""stagger"" an enemy before you can really get your teeth in, and for many enemies, this takes a very long time.  I was very resentful battling an ordinary fiend for the same amount of time I would spend on a major boss in previous installments.  It would be okay if the battles were fun, but they aren't.Side quests.  There's not many - the side quests essentially centres around 64 missions given to my Ci'eth stones, so unless you find that a barrell of joy, you are not going to enjoy this normally fun aspect of a Final Fantasy game.  And it's not enjoyable.  Again, I was getting really annoyed going through these missions where you spent more time hunting down the stone, and then hunting down the mission.  This involves a lot of running.  A lot.  I cannot convey how much running this entails.  This is what makes the missions take so long - not the missions themselves!  WHO THOUGHT THAT WAS FUN?  I challenge anybody to tell me that they honestly enjoyed running around doing those missions.You basically have to complete the game before the ""world"" opens up to you and the stat development completely opens up to you.  That is incomprehensible to me.  Why do you have to go through the whole game before you are free to explore with your maximum potential?I'm a completist.  I'm one of those people that has to stats maxed out, all super bosses completed every item found, every side quest completed... it's this characteristic that made me play on, not the game and I got so fed up with it, I used cheats.  That's right.  For the first time ever in my life, I used cheats, just to get through the battles quicker, just to finish this game.  AND IT WAS STILL A SLOG.Positives?  Lightning is cool and the game looks pretty.  Was also pleasantly surprised by the music.  I knew Nobuo Uematsu wasn't involved so really wasn't expecting much, but I really enjoyed it and so bought the soundtrack.I know it's late to say this and nearly everyone who is going to play this has already done so, but if you are on the fence, I do not recommend this, especially if you cherish the golden age of VI-X - it really has nothing in common with them."
,Not Recommended,292120,21796465,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jonrei,"Hands down one of the worst games ive ever played and an insult to which was at one time the greatest video game franchise. The whole final fantasy franchise has rapidly decreased in quality since FFX and i can only say it makes me sad. The story in FFXIII is boring and the voice acting seems to be done by amateurs. If there is one thing i would say is good about this game then its the combat system, which is pretty cool, but thats not enough to justify this sorry excuse of an Final Fatasy game"
76561197962309135,Recommended,292120,25439472,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sheepdog,"Haven't beaten it yet but I think I have a pretty good feel of the game at this point.5 - excellent4 - great3 - good2 - fair1 - badCharacters: ExcellentGameplay: goodStory: fairFlow: badThoughts: I really like the characters. They are all unique and add a ton of flavor to the story's progression. Unlike 10, 9, or 8 (one's I've played), I don't feel like there is a ""main"" protagonist in 13. All the characters are very relevant and lightnings role is maybe only slightly more than the others. That being said, story was very poorly presented. I still feel very confused as to what is going on even after 25 hours of and being maybe completing 2/3s of the game. For example, I'm not totally sure if cocoon is a planet, a city, or an island in the sky. All I know is that cocoon and gran pulse are different.Overall, I recommend it but probably not my favorite Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,292120,29308781,Posted: 16 January,all,TtotheING,One of the best FF battle systems combined with one of the worst FF stories.
76561198078191570,Recommended,292120,29366619,Posted: 19 January,all,ekeiyoung,Great storyline and music throughout. Good leveling system and actually challenging. Worth investing your time and money. I would say this is a solid 12 dollar game. Sequal would be about 10bucks. Then its worth the value.
76561198106696010,Recommended,292120,29265422,Posted: 14 January,all,dannysweeps,"This game is incredible.If you are like me and love games like: Life is Strange, FFX, Final Fantasy Chrono Trigger and Etc.Reasons:Beautiful Graphics.Incredible Story with an Intense Development.Every Character has an incredible back story.The gameplay is simple yet strategic.There's tons of content at end game.Reasons not to enjoy it:No real mini games.Limited Side Quest Options(and at that really not till end Game)Very Linear(though just like ffx and most others)No Real game changing decisions.All in All Compared to most I feel a lot of people bandwagon on the hate for this game. To me this game stomps most of the games that came out during its time and this game works wonderfully on my pc(truthfully Better). So I Highly Recommend this game to anyone that can live without the reasons most people say they hate this game."
76561198167142305,Recommended,292120,29260187,Posted: 14 January,all,jonathanritcey92,This game looks great on a 4k monitor
76561198350892306,Recommended,292120,29434797,Posted: 22 January,all,aiming.good,Description says its English Full Audio with a checkmark and yet i get Japanese Full Audio with English Subtitles :-(
,Recommended,292120,29439072,Posted: 23 January,all,Angelfonds Crystalgem,Really love this game. Development of characters seems okay & plot is alright to follow. Only problem I had was during cutscenes sometimes lips didn't follow dialogue/subtitles. And sometimes in battle it would lag when a monster got into stagger mode.I recommend this game to anyone who loves the FF series.
,Recommended,292120,29428992,Posted: 22 January,all,b7,I personally really enjoyed It!An epic journey!
,Recommended,292120,17715083,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Minister,not enough anime tbh lmao
76561198028475748,Not Recommended,292120,17736577,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,PsychoticLime,"After having this game in my library for over six months, I resolved the crash-at-the-very-beginning issue by upgrading to Windows 10. I have played about five hours of the game so far and all that I can say with certainty is that it's not engaging.The characters advance in a linear path that doesn't leave much to exploration except for a hidden object or two every now and then. Every once in a while there is a cutscene where the characters mostly follow one of three patterns, or even all three in quick succession: A) blame each other for things that aren't absolutely their fault; B) try to deliver exposition to the player, mostly unsuccessfully due to the absurd quantity of things that are established but not explained; C) get separated by the most unrealistic expedients possible (the most hilarious is when one of the characters is about at shouting distance from the others and they all decide that they don't wanna waste their time waiting for him and move on leaving him alone).The combat system is certainly innovative, but that doesn't mean it's good: you can have up to three characters in a party but can control only the main one while the other two are handled by the AI and you can only change their behaviour to match pre-determined battle schemes, and even your character is basically controlled by the AI because there is a convenient ""Auto-battle"" button that you can press to have the game select the best abilities to que up and the enemy to unleash them upon. You can, of course, try to select manually the abilities you want to use, but there really is no point when they all seem the same and the computer already chooses the ones that mostly suit the moment. So the combat mostly feels incredibly boring, and you end up just mashing the ""Auto-battle"" button for about 90% of the time."
,Not Recommended,292120,18031789,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,MrCookie,"First of all: I played this game with a controller, and didn't finish it yet, but there are just two of 13 chapters left, so there isn't much to see except of the end of the story. Also, this my personal view and opinion on the game.. :)+ Pros:> Graphics: The game looks just awesome with nice special effects, especially on the cutscenes!> Setting: A steam-punkish / Sci-Fi game style, that i enjoyed personally, even if some monsters were a bit weird> Character-Design: Characters with their own individual personality that are not like the old hero-stereotype char, even if they sometimes annoyed me because of all their ""what should i do?"" moments> Fight-System: New fresh system, something like the ATB system, which is based on different ""classes"" which you change during the fights> Leveling-System:> Port: Pretty okay, played the game with a controller and everything seems to be okay; sometimes the camera doesn't turn properly while running in one direction though- Cons:> Gameplay: Very, very linear (!!) gameplay: Slay down enemies, follow the only path form one cutscene to the other. In between some changing of gear and buying of items, bet except that, nothing you can do ""on your own"". :P> Story: The story itself is pretty okay, a classic jrpg story with a modern kind of taste, if i understood right, you have to play FF-XII-2 too, to experience the whole story. So you practically have a half story with this game..> Story-Telling: Like i said, you just watch the cutscenes for the story part of the game. So its like a semi-interactive  movie which was cut into pieces..> No classic overworld: There are no cities, no npcs no real sidequests (except the cieth mission at the end of the game), and especially no exploring!! Also you can't get back to old levels, because there isn't something like a open world, its more a kind of journey (like i said: very linear)> Summons: Cool looks, but too long animation, also often they doesn't help you out thaaat much (i think personally)> Music: Not from Nobuo Uematsu the genius man, which made many of the popular ff music.. :( Instead there ist just background music, that is quite amtosspheric but in my opinion ""Meh"" (especially one jpop-like song ._.)> Weapons & Items: There are many Items that I didn't even use once, the weapons-skilling system is new and okay, if you know how it works (a bit confusion in the beginning). There is no armor, just weapons and accessoires, didn't like it that much..________Conclusion: I'm a big fan of Square and the Final Fantasy series, but this one is the first that didn't impressed me. (Have played five FF games yet, six with this one). For instance, FF7 is my favourite one, with much more love for detail and better over-all style, even if the graphics are pretty bad. So I'ld rather wait for FF7 remake or FFV if graphics are important for you. :) So I won't buy FF XIII-2.. :P"
,Not Recommended,292120,15653712,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,zetaha,"I would only recommend this game on sale.The cutscenes are amazing, but that's pretty much it. The rest of the game are corridors between cutscenes. The combat systems seems promising at first but then it reveals to be very shallow. It comes down to cycling through paradigmes, there is no resource management to consider and the attacks feel very generic, not rewarding."
76561198027618533,Recommended,292120,23870375,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Beowulf,"Execellent game, strong storyline, the paradigm system is a fluid continuation of character building from the earlier final fantasy games. The summons a much harder to use. Some people will not like the linier nature of the game in the earlier stages. There is a lot of content even with that problem. This game is the total oposite of games like fallout and skyrim. Also whoever wrote the AI for the team members should be commended, it is amazing"
,Recommended,292120,14065426,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Aznkronick,"This game gets alot of stick but I have enjoyed it from start to finish.Yes the PC has had some troubles but it is a beautiful game great colour pallet and art style looks amazing in 1080.The soundtrack is second to non and could be easily included in a big budget film.Simple gameplay nothing taxing which is good, chapter 11 is where the game picks up though and you get more freedom.Great storey it does help to read the database when you get new unlocks as the storey progress doesn't do it justice.Varied characters all with unique personalities and stories which intertwine with each other.I do recommend it but it isn't everyones style buy it when it's in a sale give it ago if unsure."
76561198067988270,Recommended,292120,14072684,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,exeia,"Alright now Iv played FF13-2 before this and I loved it, Im also a fan of the other FF games and this game is my jam but you will see lot of people hating on it, why you ask?Il start with the good things:Nice graphicsLove the music especially ""Sunleath waterscape"" I suggest youtube that and enjoy!Great story with awesome characters I was so hooked on knowing how it will progress!Quite stratigical you need to think and change paradagims etc (I personally enjoy)The only thing people might hate the game for is the gameplay, why? because its a bit repetetive having to click commands and attack but to be honest FF fans will love this!TLDRIf you are the type who skip scences and just wants to finish a game with action fighting then this is not the game for you. This game is awesome to play and explore fully with the beautiful environment and touching story! I recommend this 100%   -FF fan"
76561198076867966,Recommended,292120,14057385,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JK,"This game was well worth the money. I am a fan of the series since ff7 and really enjoyed this game.The battle system can be kind of lazy with an option for auto battle (Which I used because Im lazy). The only time I found myself having to work for battles was when I was farming shaolong gui and long gui post game other than that its just tap tap change tap change..... and so on.The graphics are nice to look at. I got the game in the sales so the update for higher resoloution was already out so I have no complaints.Difficulty curve was nice and I liked the capped crystarium throughout. It stopped me from becoming over powered for the end of chapter bosses.Over all the game is really good the price is brilliant for the amount of content that is included.Ive done everthing possible in the game and even collected all of the items as I felt that I needed to do it for myself. For those that are planning on getting the treasure hunter achievement there is an easy way to get money. When you party is strong enough to take down a adamantoise go back to eden and change the game mode to easy. Equip one character with a collectors catalogue and farm the adamantoise. CHANGING TO EASY STOPS THEM FROM DROPPING TRAPZOHEDRONS?? BUT IT INCREASES THE DROP RATES OF PLATINUM INGOTS TO LIKE 15 OUT OF 16 FIGHTS. Platinum Ingots are the most valuable item each selling for 150,000. Good luck with the game."
76561198062718553,Recommended,292120,14070970,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ichyko,A game that's a month long12/10
,Recommended,292120,14051101,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hocer,Thanks for bringing this great game to PC.Looking forward to further portations
76561198102675128,Recommended,292120,14072265,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Forsak3nProdigy,The best since slice bread and slice bread wasnt even that good.
,Recommended,292120,14056808,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"I wanted to wait until finishing this game before writing a review, as from previous experience a lot of people judged it based on the first 8 chapters without having experienced the whole thing. Yes, the first 8 chapters are essentially 'corridor simulator' and dont offer much in the way of exploration, but they are relatively quick to get through and ease you into the various systems in the game slowly.Once you get out into the wilderness though, the game really improves. This was my first FFXIII experience having not played it when it was released earlier on the X360 and PS3, so the battle system was completely new to me. The paradigm system is very well thought out, and adds a level of strategy to battles I hadn't experienced in previous FF games. My only grief really is that there is no way to use other party members summons, so if you have a favourite party leader as I did (Lightning), you will be seeing an awful lot of Odin and rarely others.To conclude, I would absolutely recommend this game to any fan of the FF series or JRPG's in general, although be aware that although this port has recently recieved a patch to add graphics options, it is still quite badly optimised (for my set up at least), my GPU's were constantly at about 50-60% utilisation and framerates were climbing and dropping regularly anywhere from 15FPS to 60FPS. Just take that into consideration, and for a relatively low price you can have 45+hrs of challenging fun which is pretty good value for money."
,Recommended,292120,23041602,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,anthony XTKS,"It's a very  underrated game in my opinion . It has a pretty tough combat style but it gets easier when you get used to it .Its story is extremely complicated  for no reason at all  and doesn't make much sense , to me at least ...(maybe i'm stupid).Its graphics are amazing , that makes up for the complicated story  , all one needs is pretty colours and beautiful scenery  , f*ck the story . I guess it's worth if you re a hardcore  RPG fan  since this one will keep you occupied for a fair amount of time , escpecially if you want to complete everything in the game .Lastly FFX/X-2 remasted HD now available  on steam just go and buy that one if you re  not sure about this one ."
,Recommended,292120,22923830,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Curseddraw,10/10 worth to buy<3 i fall in love with the bgm and lightning + serah
,Not Recommended,292120,15189420,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,★,"Play for the story, not the gameplay.I chose Not Recommended because there's no in the middle button. It was a generally enjoyable game, but you can find the cinematics online and have the same experience without the sometimes tedious combat."
,Not Recommended,292120,13762486,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,sforza,"realy bad performance, never seen such a bad game - is it possible to get the money back because it´s unplayable ?"
76561198205674181,Not Recommended,292120,17626226,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ckpoh007,"Japanese Voice , no steam"
76561198033627619,Not Recommended,292120,17861175,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,HeavenlyHost,ill comeback...but it wont last til i get bored fast again...
,Not Recommended,292120,17857576,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,P.K.,"Anyone who actually has a halfway decent PC, beware of this poorly executed port. My GTX 980 should more than be able to run this port of a PS3 game, but Square Enix clearly didn't bother to test this port with any modern software or halfway decent graphic cards. In windowed mode at 720p res settings with MSAA at minimum and shadows at a low setting, the game ran consistently at 30 fps in most areas, until a battle or cutscene starts, where the framerate jumps between 60 and 15 in a matter of seconds and continues to fluctuate in this manner, dropping whenever any movement or spell effect occurs. Not only does this make battles impossible to keep track of or even look at without wanting to barf, it causes a slight de sync in cutscenes that can be annoying at times and just awful at others.Also, the game does not look good. The higher resolutions are okay, but the AA is consistently ugly, even at 16x. Lightning's hair can look very pixelated at times from it and it effects the other characters and the surroundings as well. It's distracting and it makes the PS3 version look like heaven in comparison. And if your performance requires you to lower the shadows, enjoy them. They turn into blocky messes at anything below the two higher settings.As for the game itself, it's Final Fantasy XIII. Go look at everybody else's opinion. This port just goes even further to highlight what a let-down this game is, as well as Square Enix's performance as of late. My only hope is that Final Fantasy XV gets a better pc release. Or at least that Lightning Returns does.The game itself is a 7/10. This port is a 4/10, being barely playable for those with high pc gaming and RPG standards.Note: Some people have no performance issues with their systems and I understand that. But that's some people. The others have a right to know what they're getting into. That's why I'm downvoting it."
76561198025782553,Not Recommended,292120,17862223,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,firewolf7789,"Definitely not recommended. Cannot say anything about the gameplay, story or graphics, as it not playable.Did manage to get it to the title screen once, very pretty, nice music, but that's as good as it gets.Not worth the $15 or 50gb of download."
76561198020030750,Recommended,292120,16568996,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Thucydides,"Everyone who says ""the game is rubbish"", ""it isn't Final Fantasy"" and even those who say ""it only gets good after 10 hours"", in my opinion, are wrong. I enjoyed the game from the start. I've not played FF since FFX cameout and although things have changed it still has all the components I expect of a Final Fantasy game. I ESPECIALLY don't get the complaints that it is too linear as FF has always been relatively linear, with most freedom of choice having no real impact on the game. Even one of my favoutie games ever, FFVII, is pretty linear in my opinion.If you are looking for an epic, cinematic, JRPG then you will probably enjoy it. Some of the characters are a bit annoying or ""teenagery"" but that is often the case with JRPGs and Final Fantasy in my expereience, sometimes it is endearing but more often an annoyance that can easily be overlooked.As with most FF games the game is beautiful (not the best graphics but the artstyle itself is gorgeous) and great music. I also really like the animations and movement in the turn based battles, makes them more interesting to watch than in the older games.The setting and story are pretty interesting. I really like the setting and the story is quite good.Is it the best Final Fantasy in the series? No, not at all. Does it feel like Final Fantasy? Yes. And I was happy with the price I paid for it in the sale. I would recommend to a fan of the series but point someone new to FFVII or IX (my favourites of the PS1-onward era of FF games).I really feel like many of these reviews saying it is not-final fantasy like because it is linear must come from people who have clouded memorys, have became used to Western action RPGs or are just crazy.I have experienced none of the graphical or FPS issues reported by some users. I have a quite good but not super PC."
,Recommended,292120,16588337,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vezile,nice gameno multiplayer but still OK
,Recommended,292120,16749083,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DanTheMan827,"I haven't had a single problem with this game.There is one downside though... it downloads 25GB of game assets for a language you probably don't even speak (Japanese)...While these can be deleted Steam will just re-download them when it verifies the cache or if there is a game update...Graphically though, the videos are the 720p copies from the Xbox 360 version of the game and not the 1080p copies from the PS3...The framerate is pretty solid only occasionally switching to 30 fps running at 1680x1050 on 1024 shadow resolution and 8x anti-aliasing... This is on a GTX 650TI boost 2GB so the requirements are pretty minimal...."
,Recommended,292120,16623088,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Onegin]I[,"While this is certainly not the best the Final Fantasy series has to offer, it is still a very good JRPG. The story is interesting, but feels predictable most of the time. Gameplay can feel a little repetetive, but overall the menu/battle systems have a nice feel to them. I personally am a big fan of the visuals. While texture resolution might be a bit low, the design and detail that went into the artwork is impressive. The music is amazing, fitting perfectly with the ongoing narrative. The PC port might have some performance issues depending on you configuration, but mostly it will run just fine. I encountered zero crashes or errors while doing a full playthrough, just some occasional framerate drops.Pros:- Good visuals, detailed design- Gameplay is smooth, menus responsive- Music is amazing- Plenty of contentCons:- Can feel repetetive- Story is predictable- While offering 60 fps, the PC port is not the best- A huge download (if you have slow internet)"
76561197977347781,Recommended,292120,13550374,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,"Mike ""D-Rex"" Dierickx","Honestly, I don't understand the hate.  It has a rich backstory, and you DO have to pay attention and read the prompts.  It's actually, story-wise, a bit smart and quick and ambitious.  I also think the paradigm system is a very smart streamlining of the final fantasy ATB experience.  I like it as much as I like 12, which was also hated and then later slightly beloved.Mark my words, this will become a classic FF.  It will suffer from Windwaker syndrome.  Also, it was quite popular and well-received in Japan.  I guess I have quite Japanese tastes (ugh, I'm eye-rolling at myself for just saying that)"
,Not Recommended,292120,13940599,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Brack Fraffy Pappee,Nice game but IT DOES NOT SAVE! Hours of my progress are lost!
,Not Recommended,292120,14556624,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ugh Zug,This is by far the worst Final Fantasy game I have played in the franchise series.  3/10Pros:GraphicsMusicJapanese dialogue audio optionCons:akward battle systemakward skill systemakward itemizationakward crafting/upgradinglinear story and mapno world mapno controlable airshipakward chocobosakward and tedious side questsakward storyline elements
76561198119714930,Not Recommended,292120,15574487,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cassivs,"Big waste of time.  I kept waiting for it to get better, but it never did.Pros:Graphics are goodCons:Story is convoluted.  It didn't even feel like a FF game until I got to Pulse.Cut scenes are in random places.Characters are shallow for the most part.Battle system is unnecessarily complex, so you end up using Autobattle most of the timeLevels are capped for most sections of the gameCharacter classes are not straight-forward (e.g. only one character can learn haste for the majority of the game; a different character developing under the same class can't learn the same spells/abilities) and some classes are largely useless (e.g. Sentinel)Paradigms that you have used successfully for 99% of the game are completely useless in the last few boss battles."
76561198113448048,Not Recommended,292120,14000906,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,TheWhorsesHead,"Disapointed the sound didn't work during cutscenes. Half the game is the story and the character development. Really took away from that.Always liked the combat in this one. Played it on the PS3 and Xbox. You really feel like there is a flow to battle, and gets you thinking on you toes.Wouldn't reccomend it due to sound issues and the fact that I've seen a lot of other people having technical issues as well."
76561198080152940,Not Recommended,292120,14480966,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,傻强,"Despite many of my friends giving negative comments on this game, I bought it anyway. This is what I found after I finished  the game:First of all, the battle system is really badly desgined. Only 1 character in the party is controlled by the player and the others are operated by AI which the problem is, sometimes the way they casting spells seems like trolling. For example, medic keep on healing while what you need is removing some nasty negative buffs; Commando hitting the monsters that isn't your primary target, you target monster A, they will hit monster B. But if you switch target to monster B, they will hit monster A instead. I've lost countless battles because of this.second thing, the gameplay is really bad. 1 skill from the monsters will make you get all the negative buffs but Esuna can only remove 1 negative buffs while it cost a lot of time. Those who played final fantasy series know that Esuna cures all the negative buffs, I don't know why this one is exception. Death skill has only 1% success rate, this is really joke. It will take you a whole afternoon just to kill a monster if this is your last resort while a boss I met at late game have 100% success rate of death. The party leader gets it and its game over. Not to mention the last stage of crystarium can only be unlocked after you finished the game which is really stupid design.The strongest weapon can only be obtained through hack. No matter how strong you are, there is always a tortoise out there who can kill you in 1 shot, am I playing Tortoise Fantasy XIII now??for me, this game is strongly not recommended unless you want to find some time of frustration."
76561198193866828,Not Recommended,292120,14518604,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MetalliTynnyri,"Looks really good, but the gameplay is way too linear and the combat is boring and the maps and battles get reeeeallllyyy repetetetettetiititive."
76561198005651436,Not Recommended,292120,14442556,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Parinoidpanda,"If you're asking about the game itself, it's fine: FF XIII is fun.If you're asking about how the the port is, it's barely workable. There is real window or borderless mode, and any attempt to alt+tab out of the game has probbable chance of crashing the game. Also, your mouse is locked to the center of the game screen no matter what program you are in if FFXIII is running. Oh, and the ESC key quits the game; have fun with that one.All in all, The game is playable, enjoyable, and runs well; the port definitely could have been done a lot better."
76561197973296734,Recommended,292120,14433989,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,morganbritches,"First off, this is not FFVII. Like, let's say mom and dad split up and mom found a new guy. The new guy was trying his best and he bought you nice stuff and took you to Chuck E. Cheese on your birthday and really loved mom. He's still not dad, but it's not fair to judge him because of it. As of lately, the game looks great and plays well. Hi-res support has been added and you can turn AA on and it looks a lot crispier and cleaner then it did on the PS3. The plot is..... whatever. Some evil something the world and blah. Fortunately, you can skip the cut scenes and so far I haven't felt too bad about doing so. The characters are interesting enough but would be a lot better if they took Snow and Lightning out with a sack of batteries and then held some auditions for 2 new characters that weren't self-abosrbed little d-bags. Seriously, if there's one thing I can really fault this game for, it is that I find myself wanting a couple of the protagonists to die. I don't care if they're complicated, they're still unlikeable little egomaniacs. At some point Final Fantasy became Final Fantasy 90210 and I think that's why it's intially hard to get into it.I recommend it though. Again, the graphics are great, the settings seem very beautiful to me, around 2/3 of the cast is acceptable, the combat system is also very fun. It's sort of turn-based but with a timer and it seems genuinely more challenging out of the gates. I also like the ability to upgrade your weapons and there's a ton of content, with people on HLTB logging longer average playthroughs then VII! Yes, it's linear at least as far as I've gotten and no, I have no idea or desire to know what is going on but it's fun to play and easily worth the 8 bucks I got it for. So I'll call it dad."
,Not Recommended,292120,14463306,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Albedo 0.39,"For starters this game is HUGE!!! 60gigs! As a fair warning I havent played a lot, but i dont know if i will be able to go back to it. Horribly Linear! only need 2 buttons to play. No choices. Shoulda baught a couple cups of coffee instead. Hopefully I can go back and give it another chance someday...."
76561198111503435,Recommended,292120,15302047,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,mywhl,Nice game....but too complicated controls.
76561198038457676,Not Recommended,292120,16504082,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Foof,"Without a doubt the worst FF I've played, and I've played most of them, including XI.Story wise it's as dull as it gets, the characters are really poorly made, with terrible back stories.Game play wise it's as linear as it gets, and the combat system is horrendous. The only positive thing is that you can switch ""Jobs"" during combat, which is offers some sort of dynamic approach to different types of battles and situations, but the job development system is just as linear as the maps.I tried to like this game because I love FF games, but it's just not possible. It's a flaming turd that needs to burn to the ground."
76561198251730864,Not Recommended,292120,18301950,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bren,"16$ Game and it doesn't start.. It doesnt have a step by step support in trouble shooting the problem.Are these all just for money? After we pay, we solve our problems through social discussions and forums..???"
,Not Recommended,292120,14271492,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,StoutYeoman,"EDIT: I tried to like this game, I really really did. In the end the negatives just won out over the positives so completely that I had to walk away from it. It's a hallway. It's a sixty hour hallway. It just never ends. The game just began to feel like a chore to play. The entire experience is tedious. The story is bad, the characters are unlikeable, and it's just a testament to the sinking ship that is the Final Fantasy franchise. So much of the plot just doesn't make sense, things seem to happen at random, and you never escape the feeling that you are heading towards something you will never reach. It's just not a good game.Original review:As a long time fan of the Final Fantasy franchise, I am very glad to see it finally come to the PC. I stopped playing the games in this series when I abandoned consoles at the time the PS3 was launched. I figured if I was going to pay for a pc, I may as well just build a pc. Given the quality of the releases in the past 10 years so so, I didn't feel like I was missing much. I loved FFX, but FFXI was a nightmare grindfest of a MMORPG and XII got boring as soon as I learned that you could basically turn your two companions into buff and heal bots and make your hero invincible. I had all but forgotten about the series when XIV came out, and that game was so excellent that I wanted to know what XIII was like.The game received mixed reviews, and it's easy to see why when you begin playing. The first thing that struck me was that the entire game is played on rails. Much like the formula of FFX where all the maps are linear, but with no hubs or fast travel. Nine hours into the game there are no towns to speak of.The entire JRPG genre has been toeing the line of irrelevance for over a decade, and JRPG developers are trying harder and harder to make the stale, turn-based combat of the classic JRPG into something new and unfamilar. In FFXIII the battles are much more fast based and based upon switching combat methods on the fly while your party carries out orders that are implied based on the situation. In some regards it is more complicated than the classic menu driven combat, but the minutiae of the command lists had been omitted, instead giving the player only a few critical choices that must be made very quickly. At first it feels dumbed down, but after playing for a while it begins to make sense - you're going to make that character cast ""fire"" again and again anyway in this situation. Instead of have you make that choice over and over, the decision instead is whether to have him continue casting fire or switch roles entirely. This Paradigm system - which makes players change the roles of the party's characters on the fly - is refreshing change from classic menus and makes the turn-based ""active time"" battles feel much more visceral and alive.Where FFXII stays in line with its predecessors is that it delivers precisely what fans of the franchise have come to expect; detailed, colorful visuals, creative and outlandish characters and environments, cinematic storytelling with lots of camp and heart not to mention character that range from sickeningly cute to legitimately terrifying. The music as usual is top notch, and while the dialogue is rooted in the often goofy tradition of the very uniquely Japanese world of Anime and Manga, it manages to avoid the very silly pitfalls of its predecessors.An unfotunate convention is the naming of the story's vaguely villanous entities, ""Le Cie, Fal Cie, Pulse Le Cie and Pulse Fal Cie"" which are good entities, bad entities and those enthralled by either entity. Good luck keeping them straight. This  JRPG exclusive need to come up with unique and creative names for the story's elements is working against an otherwise competent story in this case, causing a lot of confusion for the player and making the story more difficult to follow than it should be.The story brings up themes like obedience, rebellion, loyalty, faith - those typical to stories in this vein. And overall, that's what FFXIII is... it's an interactive storybook. On that note, it is a very detailed, engaging and fun storybook with the imagination and fantasy elements that have made the FF franchise the juggernaut that it is.Younger fans of the series will find something they can relate to on the level we older fans did when we first got into these games while we older fans - if we can accept change and overlook the many ways in which FFXII feels foreign to us - can enjoy something that is both nostalgic and new at the same time. Chocobos, vague and hilariously inappropriate mythological references and a guy named Cid are all here waiting for you to get lost in a whymsical world of danger, romance and adventure. The Fantasy Is Never Final."
,Recommended,292120,14299437,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Soundbwoy The Ting Goes Skrrra,"Now that I played this game, I can finally throw my opinion about it. The game is bland, it is linear. The gameplay is still ATB which is a good thing, what is the bad thing? Well, you can only control one character. I feel like I am watching a movie more than playing a game. Story and character wise, It is good but not great."
76561197996373665,Not Recommended,292120,24580801,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,itank22,"This game deserves a maybe for diehard fans.Pros:-battle UI involving new strategies that can be customized out of battle-lots of great cutscenes and visuals-average to great dialog at times, fun new comments throughout the game-selectable resolution up to 4k-works with wireless xbox 360 controller-decent to good story at timesCons:-wonky camera that is slow and refuses to turn at times-no look speed sensitivity control-extremely linear game, it opens up more later on but is still very linear with little exploration involved-constantly sifting party members during the story is annoying as it happens extremely frequently-battle UI is somewhat repetitive in that you really need to only switch between medic and attack stance for most enemies-control over characters in battle is awkward and unenjoyable in real time battles-battles now have scores and reward you for killing enemies within a certain amount of time, this feels very out of place.-lots of items that can be upgraded but never have enough funds to rank anything besides key items, discouraging-overabundance of save points at times is odd-summons are bizarre and just plain ridiculous.  shiva turns into a motorcycle?  ugh.-no random battles, you can sneak up on enemies for back attacks but they are annoying if you do it to large groups as you must watch the visual of you hitting every single enemy in the group for no damage everytime....yeah really.It's unfortunate.  Slap in the old FF7 battle UI and random battles and this game would be much more passable.  It is horribly linear but with a wierd battle UI and enemy encounter system it makes the game so much more difficult to enjoy.  I stuck with it for quite a while because the story and characters were still interesting but this is a very forgettable game that I would never play again."
,Recommended,292120,17336370,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Johnny Sasaki,9/10 . Awesome game
,Recommended,292120,21813923,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,nerd1369,It may be a little linear but the story is great so far. Can't wait to play more
76561198062224964,Not Recommended,292120,19279597,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,etsepenuk,"Well, it's gard to say, but if you as much as me into ""classic"" FF's, especiall from PS1 era... I don't recommend FFXIII.Actually, this is corridor runner with great graphics, very confusing mechanics and way too much DRAMA stright from the beginning of the scenario (I mean, in FFVII-VIII-IX you have some time to know you main characters first :-)"
76561198186911641,Recommended,292120,23508424,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,aniwing13,This game was a very good introduction to the final fantsy series for me
76561198101668393,Recommended,292120,23601674,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,thelegendary59,good game :)
76561198088563815,Recommended,292120,17465151,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Nightwinger,vanille <3
76561198074533126,Recommended,292120,22403909,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Soran/Ryan,I love the Graphic on the characters.  Its amazing and the story line makes it great.
,Not Recommended,292120,20693392,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Jrob224,"Please do not buy. Games framerate still sucks, id rather replay it on my 360. Sad in square for a crappy port."
,Not Recommended,292120,22225434,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Y U NERF MK,no english
76561198020288604,Recommended,292120,22068769,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ogurkensaturator,This game runs great on my potato PC!
76561198067493972,Recommended,292120,22615553,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DoktorHamster,"This review is rated P, for Positive.While many reviewers of this game have given it a giant negative review, for various reasons, I have found the game to be an absolute delight.While the game certainly carries on the ""passive"" feeling of Final Fantasy 12's combat system, the paradigm shifting add-on feels kind of like ""Dress sphere changing"" without the needlessly long cameos.The ""leveling"" system, rather than going by character levels, involves leveling up individual classes, which you then slot in to Paradigms, to get access to their abilities.The graphics in this game are decidedly breathtaking, with but few exceptions, and in contrast to a great many Final Fantasy games, all of the characters are not only well written in to the story, but even the whiney one, who has a vaguely Vaan/Tidus/Zidane feel to him, is neither useless, nor feeling particularly unnecessary to the story(Vaan).While some of the characters do borrow elements of their dress style(Lightning - Ashe + Squall), or general attitude(Hope - Zidane + Squall + Vaan), they aren't a direct one to one rip-off, and all have interesting motivations for being part of your story.Snow's punch-punch-punch battle style gets over-rated, eventually(As most monk-esque characters do, late game), and I would definitely nominate him for the most unnecessary feeling character in the game, but that doesn't mean his parts of the storyline aren't interesting; just his combat style is vanilla-monk feeling.Overall, this game is not as overrated as most of the reviews seem to make it out to be; though it is linear, and doesn't ""Open up much"" for most of the early game, the same arguments could be made for FFX. Perhaps the only major drawback that I would offer this game is this:If you are on a metered bandwidth, I suggest buying the disc for your game console.The game download smacks in at a 1 star dropping /FIFTY/ Gigabytes.4/5 StarsBeautiful GraphicsInteresting StorylineInteresting game mechanicsInteresting charactersShiva is a mother-♥♥♥♥ing Motorcyle(♥♥♥♥ YEAH!)-1 Star for obnoxious download size(Though it will generally feel worthwhile, as the loading screens are exceedingly minimal.)"
76561198280878500,Recommended,292120,22693339,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Shonnie,"My first introduction into the Final Fantasy series back when it first came out on PS3, I have to agree that at first the game is very linear and easy but once the map opens up the game becomes alot more interesting & fun, not to mention the battles are much more challenging. Despite the hate I absolutely adore this game :) and good luck getting that Treasure Hunter achievement :PAlso... watching Titan glitching out and trying to escape on this version is hilarious xD"
,Recommended,292120,14403227,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DougRauch,"This is the best $10 dollars I have ever spent on a game. Actually I am very surprised it was that cheap. Yes it is Linear, but the story is awesome and it is just lots of fun. I haven't played Final Fantasy since III. The Visuals are amazing and the characters are all so real."
76561198064756458,Recommended,292120,18343935,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,J|,best game ever
76561198068281933,Not Recommended,292120,21447500,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Divine Intervention,"I always hear that Final fantasy is a great franchise and perhaps it is, but sadly I had to start with the worse game in the franchise.Pro. (no s at the end because there was only one)The graphics are pretty nice and the game is aesthetically pleasing but I am not sure I found anything else going for the game.-game looks niceConS. (capital S because there are a lot)I didn't get any sort of customization until about 2 hours into the game, (I watched all of the cutscense, mistake). I found it a bit dissapointing that I couldn't name my charcter but I could understand that because they actually said the characters names, (even though the acting is not good). The game starts off entirely too slow, I can't even really do anything wrong because they gave me a whole bunch of items to heal and revive my characters. I don't even get to make little choices that have no effect on the story. The battles aren't even close to fun, the game decides what I do in the battles and then I win with almost no thought. And when I finally got to do some sort of customiaztion with their leveling, it was ridiculous. I don't get to pick what classes they go into and even the leveling is linear.-very slow start-crappy leveling system-very boring story that if you don't watch makes the game pointless but if you do watch you are just bored.-no customization of characters (in an RPG I can't customize my characters at all, really?)-too easy-no choices can be made to effect the story.Needless to say. don't get this unless you are a child that likes bright lights and likes games that aren't too hard. Perhaps some of these things would have changed if I had kept playing but I am not gonna force myself through a  1/4 of the game just because there is a small chance I might like the other 3/4's of it,P.S.How is it possible that the reviews are mostly positive?? If you gave this game a thumbs up, you just love other FF games too much to be honest or forced yourself to fall in love with this game by playing it all the way through to be loyal to the franchise and at the end said, ""Well I could have spent all my time cyber bullying someone but since this game kept me from doing that, it must not be too bad."""
76561198016643318,Not Recommended,292120,21517249,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,melanie49,What was the hype about .....the game looks so pretty but is insanely boring and stupid! Franchising games can be a rapid downward slide. Would I buy ANY other Final Fantasy game .....not on your nelly!
76561198217262567,Recommended,292120,20629241,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,leeseo.park,I'm korean. I live in USA now I bought this game but It doesn't serve korean subtitle...I love this game but I want to play with korean subtitle... if company serve korean I'll be happy
,Not Recommended,292120,20638989,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Long-Haired Hare,Another Final Fantasy game that I got so bored I started trying to drink to make it interesting and STILL couldn't stand it.
76561197999174716,Not Recommended,292120,20618365,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,gatheris,"couldn't make it past keybindingsseriously?not meant for PC - enough said (sadly, since intro video was quite nice)"
,Recommended,292120,20638488,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Otastic,vgood
,Recommended,292120,21682261,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Wilbert?,"I started playing Final Fantasy back on PS1. It was a wonderful experience i just loved Final Fantasy VII, So when i saw Final Fantasy XIII on Steam i said why not try it out i loved it on PS3 and maybe it's good on PC to besides all the hate comments. And i have to Say that this is a beautiful game The battle get's a little repetitive but besides that i really recommend this game if you are a Final Fantasy Fan.Gameplay:10/10Battles:9/10Pc Port:7/10"
76561198158135479,Recommended,292120,13762013,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Wilq,I strongly recommend this game for all Final Fantasy Fans. The only bad thing about this game is linear story and lack of open world until nearly end of the game.
76561198002357870,Recommended,292120,20244810,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blackwind,"Great game. Played it both in English and Jap.When I first played it I ♥♥♥♥ing hated it along with all the characters.My second play through was in Jap. The subtitles sucked so much balls. Whoever wrote the script for the eng dub/sub should be shot.Those poor English voice actors had to work with that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ script. If this was a book, this translation would be considered unacceptable.♥♥♥♥ you Enix."
,Not Recommended,292120,20249237,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Use A Splash Attack!,"Story and gameplay are bland. Two of your party members are always AI controlled, you can change classes at any time to change the AI behavior, want some heals? Change someone to a medic, and hopefully everyone is still alive by the time your teammate casts a spell. Summons transform into stupid vehicles for some reason. Graphics are good considering it came out years ago, and the highlight of the first 9 hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,292120,20254749,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mac,Unfortunately the game continues to crash on me.
,Recommended,292120,13905735,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,שלום,"It's a inovative battle mechanic. All depends on the leader (You control it) and if you it dies, it's over. It make things difficulty at boss battles and with multiple enemies. You'll have a good time if your Focus is facing challenges.If you came for the music, you'll have a good time.The plot is not that good tho... I'll repeat. Light is a male Cloud - clichê.The port is badly optmized and heavy btw.At least, the game guarantee at least +50h for those who dont seek speedrunning or are too young at Turn-Battle games such as FF series.I give it a 6/10."
76561198275996912,Recommended,292120,21680311,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Squarebox^,"Great Game for kids, except the mix-up with mild themes of things; needs to be sorted out. But other then it is ment for children very easy game, as so far it is very captavating, drawing you in. Of course I like how the hero's don't die. But fall when they ""die"". and then it let's you start right back where you were right before the battle. Also I enjoyed the item's and leveling unquie system; and such very rare games; such as Pokemon. You can view you enemy's weakinesses. It's a kid's game. But yet adults who have played it for from beginning such Final Fantasy the first editon or III-XII and even X-II and X. Works quite well. As they are adding it sutitle changes to each new game; to see what their player-base people like and dislike. And yes. There are ONLY two modes to play on Normal and Easy. Adults and children. If following the tutorial; Is a part of the game; which greatly helps. But for adults there are many options to find. Which should be explanied to both(Children and Adults); as my kids would like to play as I do. They would like to know the enemy weakness, yet it's not in the tutorial. The tutorial can be skip through. Which I don't like, yet the ones that stick with the tutorial on going to do much better; and play longer. And of replay value so far seems pretty intersting as seems to be randomized. Which I do like. Such number of this number that. Of course one major thing, I do and somewhat not use to. Is playing different character's. Such as each character has an AoE, and if you wait long enough for the attack, and the enemy's to line up correctly; or perhaps gather then, that's when you strike. Much movement with the enemy or computer; is quite nice. As it's adds a spin to when to attack, and when to defend; if done proplely. Of course your allies also move around; which in old Final Fantasy games. Wasn't allowed they would line up and take turns, which I throughly enjoyed linning up my attacks. Of course I've played less then 3 hours of the game. and it's about 50gb game. I know short time playing just reviewing from start to beginning. And some options should be switchewd. Such as subtitles; Also who speaks should be there automatically. I don't like when I know who's talking, so far it's great, of course there are many things, in the game. And I like how each battle rated. Normally I get 4 or 5 stars. Normally 5. A couple 3's if not a little bit more. That helps the player if an adult player think ""hmm""; How can I improve my skills. I play on normal. So far after 3 hours. I already came across a bangle. Which is very loot is rare yet, imported. Because I don't know if I should save or sell. Of course. It would be nice; EXRTA. if Item's could level up. I do like the datalog and amongst other things. If items could level up then, the Player could deal with quite the dilema of saying well I have leveled through this item 2 levels' it's now level 3. Yet it's better then a level 4 item, yet If I level that level 4 item. Of course that would be the the breaking point, of what do I do; adults playing. As kids, would mostly buy the new item, and not worry about leveling items, unless they knew that leveling is fun, yet not important. THAT'S YOUR DILEMMA, whether or not you want items to level. Maybe try it out to see how it scales with the game, or if infact. It's already been tested, to see that new Items, new items. Which are quite handy. Next is making a the next game. I would like to sometimes set up the member abilties and way they work, of course a good gamer would too. Except kids wouldn't really about, unless they knew about past video games; AND HOW ONE POINT OF DAMAGE COULD MAKE ALL THE DIFFERENCE. or how one potion. About potions, yes. Not quite I think drug reference. But following video game standards it is, because you drink it. But techinnally as if seen 3 hours. As I see it. It could be thown or tossed. And I still potions aren't drugs. Yet clearly that would be talked about how to use potions. AND I DO NOT LIKE THE MILD LANGUAGE. it's a kid's game and yet adult game. There is no need for the ""D"" or ""F"" word. One thing I did notice was the actually game over part. Which they don't die, they fall to the ground. Both Languange's maybe. Yet to the player that means they have to work harder. Of course potions are necessary yet; the tutorial doesn't teach how where to find them. It should hint; to use items. And of course since you own the rights and make the game. You should put tickers' on everything to see what they use most of. Such as Blitz, Hand Grenade, or do they use the Auto-Attack. And yet again, I've only played less than 3 hours and do play and will let my children play if, IF my partner agrees'.  The enemy just goes. No blood so far after 3 hours. Just fades. Love story too. Role-Playing-Game. Some minor fixes with the rating, language and potions and how they are used, better clothing boom. YOU HAVE A E GAME. Nearly impossible to do. BEST PART, THE ENEMY JUST FADES AND TURNS BLACK OR WHATEVER COLOR, AND NO GORE, GREAT JOB! KEEP ON DOING!"
,Recommended,292120,14363381,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Elcadion,"Being a newbie at JRPG's I had a steep learning curve, but quickly found myself wondering how the clock got so late. I made the mistake of first playing FF XIII-2 and was extremely confused. If you have not played XIII yet, I highly suggest playing the first one before moving on to the second. I normally prefer being more involved in my RPGs, but this is a completely different genre with its own appeal. After completing the second chapter the game gets more involved. Think of the first few chapters as training. FF XIII is the first FInal Fantasy I have played (other than the MMO) and I think it is here to stay!"
76561198148729527,Recommended,292120,13808964,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,EASTER EGG,Este juego esta chulisimo en mi caso porque es un juego de rol y tienes que pensar al mismo tiempo.
76561198131650982,Recommended,292120,15223998,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Electro Vampyre,Me Wikes
,Not Recommended,292120,13874108,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Savierpain,It's the start of something bad. It's not exactly Final Fantasy anymore...
,Recommended,292120,13798650,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Manuel048,I wish I was Snow so I could marry Serah </3
,Not Recommended,292120,16985870,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,(sharp),"I couldn't make it past the first level of this game because of how painfully linear it was.I kid you not, the first level is consisted of you and another character WALKING IN A STRAIGHT LINE FOR AN HOUR.I'm so disappointed how un-Final Fantasy that hour was. I would've rather been playing CoD. At least then I can also crouch whilst walking in a straight line."
76561198062572725,Recommended,292120,16938321,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Xoninum,"8/10 I do greatly recommend this game, especially if you plan on playing the 2nd and 3rd game but also becuase it is a solid and well rounded RPG. It does have some flaws like most games but the good out ways the bad.THE BAD: FInal Fantasy has always been about deep and rich story telling, this game falls a little short of that expectation. The story does grab you from the word ""go"", but it leads you forward with little in the way of background information on the common enemy of the game, and when you have an enemy that has played a log lasting role like this one, you need that history to better soidify the events of the story. The biggest downer is that most of the story is spent going from one place to the next with no freedom of ware you are going and there is no going back.THE GOOD: The game itself has a lot to offer. The battle system is an engaging expierence that takes ""know your enemy"" to a new level. It requires you to plan ahead and to quikly react with more agresive monsters while still keeping the gameplay itself on a casual level. Items and weapons equiped are a big part of the battling process, along with the usable items that you keep on hand. The shopping system is brand new to this game. The shops can be accsessed at any of the save points. The shops themselves are obtained in battle by progressing in the story but there are a few secret shops that are not linked to the stroy missions. This game also brings back monster hunting missions that are optional but are also fun and can be quite the challenge. the leveling process is also a newer feature to Final Fantasy that features a growth tree of roles that you add ponits to to increases the character and the roles effects in battle. On a graphics level that game itself is one big piece of eye candy. From the scenery to the battle ground the screen is filled with collor and life that never getts dull to look at."
76561198135895665,Not Recommended,292120,16982543,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,saddness,"Play this if you like watching CG anime movies(If you do, then we cant be friends)"
76561198053256765,Not Recommended,292120,16997367,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,adiwijaya.iskandar,"I have major technical problems with this game. Initially after the install it would not launch at all. Had to google search some solutions, and managed to get it to work for about 70 hours, now it does not work at all.  I would not think it is worth the risk for people who are considering purchasing this game.The game itself, when able to run, is quite entertaining, definitely not the best in the series but then again not the worst. Out are all the side quests and hours of exploring towns, having time to breathe. I was able to play until Chapter Five (at which point my game failed to launch again) and it's been nothing but running away from some Government-type evil baddies.Baaaad technical support."
76561198028370637,Not Recommended,292120,17003124,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,chewsOne,"Well, It's been since FFX (Back on PS2) that I've had the itch to play one... and although very beautiful on my PC... doesn't miss a beat, framerate and all is great looking... I feel like I'm in a tunnel... with a bit of sticky tape to hold the analogue on forward run and pressing 'A' every now and then... this game would play itself... there is 0 exploration... it's like 50GB of movies and 2GB of gameplay...I don't think I'm that enthused about it... glad I payed close to nothing for it on sale... I don't even know how far through I am, and I'm bored... skipping the movies and sick of fighting the same enemies with the same powers and the same weapons to get somwhere that no longer holds my interest as I can't even explore it... just keep on going down the tunnel....I don't know if I'm a straight NO... maybe a MAYBE... as some people like playing 'easy' games with no effort needed... so for some of you FF Fans... go for it... I just. got. really. bored.Visuals 9Gameplay 2Music -7"
76561198116465056,Recommended,292120,33286734,Posted: 5 July,all,DemonKabuto1590,this game is gey
76561198032323815,Recommended,292120,33471625,Posted: 11 July,all,Uncle Rukus,Great!
76561198021512773,Recommended,292120,33464839,Posted: 11 July,all,Telefrag,"This entry of the Final Fantasy series is famous for controversy it have brought to the fanbase. It takes much more time to get all the gameplay features on the table than it really should (""introduction"" lasts for about 15-20 hours, I kid you not). Open world section is made entirely optional, you can miss the most of it just by running past by following the main story. Techincal issues can spoil the enjoyment a lot too, most of them will require workarounds which you'll have to look for in different forums and manuals (Steam community has plenty).But Final Fantasy XIII is stillworthplaying. The story is engaging and the world is beautiful and well-written. The combat system is fresh and has a lot of common with traditional FF gameplay despite being real-time with mostly automated action sequences (don't worry, you'll be very busy controlling them nontheless). The graphics and visual design is jaw-dropping even by today's standards. And most important - this game still makes you dive into magical Final Fantasy atmosphere that we all know and love it for. This game does a lot of things differently but it stays true to it's roots."
,Recommended,292120,28342532,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rivotra,This game is hard I'm grinding at every battle
,Recommended,292120,33536228,Posted: 14 July,all,PaperdDriver,"ff13 was the first game in the ff serise to me.ff13-2, lightning returns, it was incrreasingly bad review. i konw,less impressive, the graphics did not change. it would have been nice to finish at the first.but, the adventure continued.i was immersed and wanted to see the ending.it was immersed in the character apart from the game."
,Not Recommended,292120,30359882,Posted: 6 March,all,xSooX,poh e una vasura illo
,Recommended,292120,15733770,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Yuki,Better than most shooters :D
76561198177117634,Recommended,292120,32093886,Posted: 31 May,all,Miss K,"So here's my recommendation for everybody who things about getting this game and heard negative comments regarding story line and characters. Content based comments. I'll not refer to the technical side of the game, since I'm not gamer enough to comment on it.If you consider buying this game, get them all. All 3 of them. FINAL FANTASY® XIII, FINAL FANTASY® XIII-2 and LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII. And play through them all in this order before you judge the storyline.This set of games has a complicated storyline with lots of details and temporary endings that won't be resolved until the very end. THat's what I really like about this series. I've heard a lot of people saying the main character Lightning is cold. Not only can I not agree with it, it's also resolved at the very end.Final Fantasy - as far as I could grasp the concept so far (I'm no expert) with it's games, movies and series - deals with the topics of things coming to some end in some sense (as in ""Final"") and the dreams, hopes, illusions people have (as in ""Fantasy""). What hope is left and born when you reach the end? So naturally there's a lot of complexity involved. A lot of ""reading between the lines"" is required. And the very best of it: as much as there's ""good"" and ""evil"", in the Final Fantasy stories there's like a TON of ""in-between"". The developers show the light and shades within everyone and everything.So, if you are not scared and interested into diving into the complexity of mankind, this game is for you.If you want to learn and see what potentials ""drama"", ""bad luck"" and ""tragedy"" can bring forth, this game is for you.If you like beautiful scenery, music and character design, this game is for you.If you like a bit of fighting (which can be adjusted in difficulty and frequency by personal taste) but mainly enjoy stories, this game is for you.This game is probably NOT for you if you ar hardcore gamer loving overly difficult gameplay, grinding and so on. You can dive into the complexity of the game and find out about all of te effect and how to use them best and you can go out for hunting for hours BUT you don't need to. I really enjoyed that part!Have fun, everyone!"
,Recommended,292120,20571142,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,roman2,"This game is objectively bad. Combat is deceptively complicated, but not complex.It features a vast, unmanageable crafting system which only becomes important after about 20 hours or so. And which you could probably Min/Max, if you take lots of notes or wiki it, but which is judt a lot of trial & error for regular players.It has item shops, which only become interesting after about 20 hours or so (i.e. once you really start crafting).It has horrendous difficulty spikes (e.g. there was a boss, which was effectively unbeatable if you hadn't unlocked a specific skill. From which I didn't even know it exists, before refering to a guide), while being relatively easy the rest of the time.It takes about 8 hours before you don't feel like still playing a tutorial.It is extremely padded, i.e. you spend a LOT of time rumning throuh the same scenery, figjting the same enemies, but......for reasons that are hard to pinpoint, it is amazing. The whole world and storytelling feels very Star Wars esque in the sense that it's a modern, sci-fi fairytale, and the cutscenes are amazing. Although very cheesy.Maybe I've just been abstinent from jrpgs to long (the last I played was probably Sword of Mana). But if you have an interest in jrpgs, I would wholeheartedly recommend checking this out."
,Recommended,292120,30061729,Posted: 20 February,all,High-Functioning Socioppath,"This is buullshiit for me.This is not Final Fantasy.All the characters are not lovable. The Mrs Cold-and-Melt Lightning, The Mr Tryhard-to-be-cool Snow, the Animu-like waifu vanille, and the P.U.S.S.Y.A.S.S LITTLE BOI HOPE (THIS BAASTARD IS THE ONE WHO I HATE THE MOST)The gameplay mechanic is kinda forgivable for me because it's kinda fun when you fight the boss (it gives you the feels of mmo-like battle)awful map design (not the city that you can see in the cg cutscenes because it's nomuras and it is AWESOME)AND THAT ♥♥♥♥ING MINI GAME WHERE YOU HAVE TO FIND THE GODDAAMN BABY CHOCOBO DRIVES ME CRAZY ( IT TAKES 30 MINS FOR ME WITH GUIDES)I recommended this game just because it's one of the Final Fantasy series..."
76561198048516913,Recommended,292120,31805176,Posted: 17 May,all,Borzas2010,"One of the best FF out there, i played this game first when it was released XBOX360 and later i played on PS3 and now on PC 4k! :) Its so sad many haters are out there and very underrated this game :( The world, the Story, Characters, Soundtrack its all wonderful, amazing, well maded game! I swear its way better than FFXV what was released 2016 november.haters gonna hate, but this game is made very well its the same if not better level than older FF titles, The characters development is made very well,The World (Fabula Nova Crystallis) is made well its very interesting with the world mythology my favorite FF WORLD! while i agree its poorly showed because Square Enix cutted out so many content from the Final Version of the game sadly. The Soundtracks is fit perfectly to the game and one of my favorite FF soundtracks i really like this ""new"" thing in  this FF game vocal musica.The gameplay its LINEAR but you gonna understand why if you play the game (story) the same happens with Final Fantasy X too that game was more LINEAR than this. The battlesystem its ok not bad at all, but not the best also. I would gladly buy the game again for a REMASTER or REMAKE version in the future with AMD or NVIDIA HAIRWORKS!, with more game content added like originally was planned. The game was concluded/ended very wel! it was amazing but sequels was ruined sadly."
,Recommended,292120,27967523,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tm13 Farmskins.com,best game
76561198030384775,Not Recommended,292120,18243759,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,brainchewer,"Although I was able to get through the game, and I do enjoy this game (probably in the minority on that), I cannot recommend this game for PC.  Perhaps it was the upgrade to Windows 10 that caused the problems, but the game had a difficult time with keeping a consistent framerate, and my controller would basically disable all inputs into the game until I unplugged it.  This basically forced me into keyboard, which is at least playable.  I am running with an AMD Radeon r9 200 series graphics card, and an i7 processor, which can run most games at fairly high settings with limited issues."
,Recommended,292120,18166096,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Big Boss,"First things first; this game is horribly optimized. I don't know how they let this thing out of the door in the state its in. Get ready to do a bit of work just to get this to run properly, etc. Other than that, the game is fun. Decent story (somewhat forgetable), decent characters, awesome visuals, and a pretty fun battle system make this a worthy investment. There is a nice challenge to the game, but it doesn't feel overtly difficult. I liked it. I had fun. Its worth a shot."
,Not Recommended,292120,18224561,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,LiquidSky696,"Graphic and designIn general is great. detailed environment design, detailed battles graphics and movie quality cinematic cutscenes.Experienced some frame drops on certain scenes but nothing major to report. Some people did complained about on performance issues that where in range of ""recommended spec"".Battle systemQuite nice mechanics, more macro then micro orientated. You control one and others in the company auto cast/attack same target.""Staggering"" with paradigms shifts (switching who does what role) makes combat more strategic and dynamic.After a fight you are fully healed and ""death"" system is quite forgiving.Story telling and voice-overWell... the story is complex and i finished the game just to see it to the end. Was curious i have to admint. The voice over is nicely made and on some small occasion you will notice lip sync issues. This was not annoying.The annoying part was mostly what was sad by the characters... Its trying to be ""epic"" in every step of the way with stressing the importance of not giving up, team work and other nice things. Just... just.. this all looks like a 12 years old is saying. most of the time its a ""facepalm"" how cliche it is.So protagonists are like children with ""good goals"". Antagonists are quite forgettable. Also all of them are trying to kill you and one you kill them they thank you for liberating them from a the only rightfulness path they could take. The game is trying to justify your killing spring as a saviour and liberator... just bunch of blocks.Nice feature is that every time you load you get a small recap of what happened ""just a while ago"". I played the game in multiple sessions with some time in-between so it was a nice reminder.Also a nice Dictionary vocabulary and you can read a lot if you like. more of a background story so you can skip if not your cup of tee.Inventory and levelling systemKill stuff, get points (even to off party members which is nice), assign them to certain available role of your choice. This allows some sort of customization but protagonists have already ""best-use-in"" roles. You can still combined whatever party you want and they are all feasible most of the time.You can also level up your inventory items like accessories and weapons. This is a complete wast of time. Loot drop is minimal, gold (or gil) is a scarce commodity so if you want your ""Ultima"" weapon you will have to grind your brains out to do it. Also, you will use wiki just to see what is optimal thing to use since resources are limited.Level designA hallway. sometimes a hallway with a dead end or OP beast that you should come and kill in 3-4 h with bigger guns.A lot of walking and if you wish to do some challenges (which are open at end-game period) you will need to walk until your shoes disintegrate. Then you will have a teleport system but this is not so helpful. I was hoping for an ""auto-resolve"" at that point since you can not skip most of the battles (since they are in the middle of the hallway).ConclusionAll in all. My strong recommendation is skip. A great looker, interesting and appealing battle system and that is it. The rest can be quite annoying and the story is not getting better are you come to the end. Its and endless hallway with stuff to battle with and nothing else. No exploration, no NPC, no quests, just a hallway.Not for mature audience.Peronaly played FF from 1 to 8 (yes, gameboy, snes and that stuff) and this is by far the less enjoyable from all. Had to complete this game just becasue its a FF game. You can try to avoid doing the same mistake as i have. You were warned..."
,Recommended,292120,28076923,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Haze,Have always loved FF. I like how the gameplay has evolved.
76561197995063122,Not Recommended,292120,26942185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kingdom'sSword,game sucks. wrote this for the badge
,Not Recommended,292120,28810257,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HaydenRead,"This is one of the times that I would really have liked a neutral rating.The issues I have with this game are:1) The inability to reconfigure the controller (it presumes you are using an XBox controller).2) I feel it is difficult to connect with the characters, as you keep chopping and changing between characters... By my count I have played as 5 different characters so far (often with other characters that I have also played with in the party).Despite these two big failings, I do feel like I will probably play the game through to the end (after having specially gone out and purchased a wired XBox controller for use with my PC)."
,Recommended,292120,28674483,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wanille,"Graphics well done, story great, gameplay coulda been better since it's always the same fight scene all over."
,Recommended,292120,29164696,Posted: 10 January,all,@Dimstyle7 | Low-End gamer UwU,Very recommend!+Cool Graphics and Storyline+With waifuable character (lol ignore this)+And also cool character design+Japanese language (i love this one)Was very excited playing.. goodjob Square Enix!
76561198203165927,Recommended,292120,29203205,Posted: 12 January,all,Long Dong Leo,it not dat bad
,Not Recommended,292120,30048965,Posted: 19 February,all,breags - changed [GFTF],The only Final Fantasy I have stopped playing after more than 10...or 20...or 30...or 40 hours...it seems to just fall apart and lost any focus or sense of reward that it has going. Will of course give it another chance later.
,Not Recommended,292120,20506691,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Duck with a puerro en la mouth,Best one-lane follower simulator with japanese anime cliches
76561197999088229,Not Recommended,292120,25011369,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kageshi,"At the moment.... im into 6 chapters and can feel the blandness of the story and the fact all im really doing is going from point A to point B. I thought linear was an understatement, but this game is like playing some episode game from taletell with out the choice, action, pacing, or quicktimes(yet). I walk forward, fight, walk forward somemore, fight, save, fight, walk forward somemore, save(these save station are worse then xenosaga episode 1). OH...a cut scene.... Im still pushing forward for that magical goodness in the sequal(if it exist) but this is rediculous. This is the same company that did parasite eve, final fantasy 7/9, and chronocross/trigger. Im looking for those iconic moments that makes a squareenix game, but this is... is... snow: ""what happened?""Gonna have to quote a review here:""...it like rolling down a hill, its fun at first but at this point all im doing is forcing myself to continue rolling.""TRYING to find those memorable moments, however, its really unmemorable. many moment I want to slap all the characters.... except sach, He's the only one that seem to be a solid character. everyone else is either a hipocrite, a ♥♥♥♥♥, has a stick up their♥♥♥♥♥ or unnecessarly weird. I cant even find the depth of the world this place is in. This game takes no effort to beat, but doesnt reward for playing or seeking any peice of information about the world im in.If your into mindless battling that doesnt really attempt to explain why the enemy has a giant weird looking boss in there arsenal every couple steps, or worried about getting lost (THIS IS IMPORTANT... CUS I WOULD LOVE TO SEE SOME ONE GET LOST) in the games one path gameplay. Enjoy away.But overall, i would not reccommend this game. And im a glutton for punishment. God, I hope XIII-2 is better."
76561198025149704,Recommended,292120,21687579,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rservello,"To anyone that gave this game a bad review....did you even play past the first 10 mins?  Seriouosly??  Yeah the travel is linear....much like FFX, but the game is incredible!  Awesome story that splits parties a LOT.  Great combat (paradigm shifts are amazing) and killer character building.  This game has it all.  For a 7 year old title I am EXTREMELY impressed.  It even looks fantastic!  Best $8 I've spent....well worth the original price!"
76561198121244546,Recommended,292120,23859693,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Old & Retired,"Overall, it's a solid 8.5 for gameplay, graphics, sound and battle system. The story line is quite ok blah blah blah crystal blah blah save sarah blah blah save cocoon. The most quite interesting thing in all final fantasy franchises is leveling up/farming cp/gil/ grinding monsters. Only true final fantasy fans knows this excitement. Doing the same thing for hours or even days knowing that your party are getting better and better. Finding those legendary swords ; omega weapon, excalibur, zodiac spear, sunflowers really statisfied me the most. GO HARD OR GO HOME !"
,Recommended,292120,22266829,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SheNoob087,"One of my favourite Final Fantasy games, really different from its predecessors, but in a good way. Great story, a little dragged out at moments, but that's Final Fantasy for you. Solid purchase."
,Recommended,292120,13582531,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DawnOfLegendCy,Awesome game with nice graphic and Gameplay! :D
76561198086432790,Recommended,292120,13588269,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[QaQ] Sushuda,Voll hammer geil ey müsst ihr euch kaufen.
,Recommended,292120,13895190,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ahn'Casinh'je,"Worth it. I just can't understand how you can hate this game. I just love it. Good story line, graphic too, cool characters. I always wanted to play this, so, when I found out that's on specials, I bought it immediately.Now, I can't wait to play this whenever I have time."
76561198373800333,Recommended,292120,31553716,Posted: 4 May,all,carlosm.bilan7,"I finished this game and I can honestly say that the hate this received is unwarranted.I've played most of the Final Fantasy games as an avid fan. The last one I played was almost 8 years ago which was XII so I played XIII with fresh eyes and just after a gaming hiatus.I can say that the battle system of XIII is really the best from the series so far (i cant speak for XV yet though) but it really made you think and create strategies. Let's be honest, if you could control every party member, you'd end up what other teammates are doing with their paradigm roles. It's a rational response and I think XIII really mastered that.About the characters, I don't understand when people said the characterization was weak. Sure Lightning isn't the main star of the game but that's because every character is a main character. XIII managed to make every character play an important role in the story. There aren't any feelings of a side character because every character gets justice. Their character developments are also amazing so I'm honestly baffled seeing why this game got these kinds of remarks.In terms of linearity, sure it is linear for the most part of the game. But FF X was also linear, it just had blitz ball. In fact chapter 11 of XIII is really open here. The only criticism is that this game requires a lot of grinding post-game. But I feel like it's the intention of the creators which wanted to give the players something to dwell about while waiting for the sequels. But yeah, if you loved FFX, i find it irrational to hate on XIII when the two have pretty similar ways of storytelling.Finally, the soundtrack is incredible. The ending is also glorious. Like sure, it had a slow build-up story-wise but once you get halfway, you see characters develop and seeing the characters have more purpose and you get sucked into the story.Is it a perfect game? No. But did it deserve to be called the worst Final Fantasy game? Most definitely not!"
,Not Recommended,292120,22037292,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Lionheart,"Tried the game for 2 hours. Runs the same on max settings as it does on low settings in fact it seemed to run better when i maxed it out, constant stuttering."
76561198113376949,Recommended,292120,13749238,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,harukazee2nd,I bought this game when It was 10.99 pounds :(
76561198198181587,Recommended,292120,31711624,Posted: 12 May,all,christiancolehumes,Probably my favorite Final Fantasy game. (Besides VII)
,Not Recommended,292120,16512834,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,s4mb,No english audio for Asia region... Just WOW!update : after more than a year and still no English voice? lel...
,Not Recommended,292120,15242183,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,julien_roy50,"I admit I have not played the game for long ... only 1 hour and I am bored already. The controls does not work correctly, the fighting system is not as expected. I have love FF from 2 to 9 but was decive with final 12-2 ... I decided to give this one a chance, and still I am really deceived,"
,Recommended,292120,13514463,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,tyler2,I think a video sums up this game in a few sentences so I don't have to.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47YPs-qwNQU
76561197974550074,Not Recommended,292120,16247796,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FD3S,"This has been one of the worst combat systems I've played in a Final Fantasy series.Aside from the plot being all over the place, it was very difficult to get imersed into this world.  Square Enix seems to be trying too hard to push Lightning as their next awesome heroin.The entire game is filled with cut-scene sequences at the end of each path.  This leaves little room to the randomness and just playability of the game.  Instead of every step taking you into combat, you will find yourself in a cut-scene.In the end I would give it a 6/10.  The game looks beautiful, but really is missing true Final Fantasy heart."
,Recommended,292120,22017713,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Kohh,it made my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥happy
76561198029317087,Not Recommended,292120,19211193,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,LordMadar,"The game itself is good, provided it hasn't been changed from its PlayStation 3 release. But this is a horribly optimized Windows port. On a high-end rig far above recommended specs, which, for reference, runs the game's successor, Final Fantasy XIV, an MMO, at maximum settings with minimal difficulty, this version of Final Fantasy XIII lags so badly the whole game experience plays out like a running-through-molasses nightmare. No apparent options for resolution, framerate, etc. -- again, not that one should especially need them if the port weren't so lazy."
76561198151349430,Not Recommended,292120,19321317,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Static_Anomaly,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the story is a freaking mess.The characters are all mentally handicped.The combat would be fun if not for the bugs and frame rate issues.You spend the entire game walking down either one of two linear paths to reach your destination (this repeats until end of game).AlsoA girl in your party cums every time she attacks. (Trust me, it gets old fast.)On the bright side, you will love other FF games after this. (I take back everything I said about FF8 in the past)."
,Recommended,292120,19655794,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Noshima,"Finished playing this game for about 80 hours, with lots of game over because of not paying attention to the screen.This port helps a lot since I don't have any PS3 console and wanted to play it so bad :(Rate : 8/10The only minus for me is the button configuration for the joystick (I used my PS2 Analog stick to play). Quite unusual because the A button goes to triangle button D:"
,Recommended,292120,19681955,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DeathMayCry,"The game runs really well on PC, even though sometimes the sync between the voice actors and sound gets knocked off but that's just my PC being dumb on occassion, very rarely does it occur otherwise. I enjoyed the story on PS3, and was happy to replay it, but if you are looking for something that is nonlinear, you are looking in the wrong place.For about the first 10-11 chapters (there are 13), you are constricted to hallways that determine your path, with the occasional offshoot (which deadend and force you to go back). In that sense it lacks the feel of some final fantasy games like FFVII or VIII. However, the character development and world building are very interesting, which is honestly the reason I keep going in the first place at this point. The normal mode is certainly brutal to those who cannot adapt to the ATB Gauge type of battle, where some battles seem impossible, which is why strategizing is key once you can switch people in your party. Like most people have said, the game is heavily tutorial-based, where 5-7 chapters are strictly teaching you how to play with the system and how to strategize with the mechanics. If you cannot deal with the mechanics or just want the story, there is an easy mode, which makes the battles easier to endure and grinding quicker than in normal mode. Also, once you get to a certain point, the open areas are really beautiful and give missions for you to do so that you can get better gear or more CP to level up. Overall, I feel it is a good game, though it lacks in some aspects."
76561198138012271,Recommended,292120,19681257,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vasquez,Brill game
,Recommended,292120,19611454,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,saranghae sunday monday,"the only thing that lacking from this game is that the map is only one way so you cant have the immersing map like its predecessor. but overall its a really great game! great story, great gameplay, great graphics."
,Recommended,292120,19666929,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Snow,"did you enjoy the game? hell yeah i did its beatifull, i need to buy the 2nd part asap its a great game highly recomended!"
,Recommended,292120,17910839,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Redditor,Pretty good when linearity ends.
76561197991935337,Not Recommended,292120,19917287,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Luckly,Was unable to play this game due to a bug where I am unable to start a New Game since the difficulty select screen ignores my inputs. I went to the boards for help (even found what seems to have been the issue I was having) and spent close to 2hrs working on it but couldn't get it to run.I enjoyed the game on PS3 but can't recommend it if the port's quality is such that bugs like this can happen.
76561198101566350,Not Recommended,292120,19909167,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ChickyGuy,Starting ply is ok all feel petty good none even lag even battle also none lag.But now is my fourth time to ply i dont knw why IT'S VERY ♥♥♥♥ING LAG WHN BATTLE!!!!Even im running 720p also!!!!!
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,292120,19909575,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shiva,"Just boring.Fights are lame, story is lame and music is lame.The only positiveness is the price."
,Recommended,292120,13979769,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,er-EZ,Love it so much :)
,Not Recommended,292120,12478291,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo,[Update December 29, 2015]So Square Enix never fixed this port and still suffers 30fps and below framerate issues in combat because for some reason every HUD element of this game messes up the frame pacing sigh... so I'm putting my review to not recommended.Yeah they added more resolution support... but promising 60fps and the game never keeping 60fps? Lame. Don't buy Square Enix PC ports they're all messed up apparently.[Original review]yes it's true, the port is sloppy due to resolution locked at 1280x720, framerate fluctuates depending on the HUD and USB devices and some cinematics are poorly rendered despite the steep download size due to pre-rendered cinematics (39GB of the 50GB download is cinematics).As for the game itself? It's still amazing. A fun experience with a good, albeit confusing storyline still shines... even at 720P the game still looks gorejous.I'm sure there will be patches (official or not) that will help resolve the issues mentioned above. The game runs on ""Crystal Tools"" Engine which powers Dragon Quest X and Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Rebon so it has the potential to run perfectly with even just one GPU... so it's obvious that this was a console to PC port that didn't quite get the work it needed so hopefully Square Enix gives this game a good patch or two and help fix the release date's marred public view.The game is quite linear compared to previous Final Fantasy games but there's so much storyline that it didn't use a lot of filler like old Final Fantasy games with the necessity of grinding or other methods to pad the gametime which was nice. There's also auto-heal after combat so you don't have to keep wasting mana or potions (speaking of mana, there isn't any, only Tech Points (TP) for special magic abilties / summons). So the game was built to not be slowed down by tedious tasks such as grinding which is something many jRPG's are critisized for anyways. Plus? you replenish TP by score-attack results screen at the end of combat which makes you feel challenged to defeat your enemies as efficiently as possible. So the game gets bonus points for a little modernization.Keyboard and mouse controls? They work fantastic! It's compatible with QWERT and AZERTY keyboards off the bat which is great!!! The mouse is smooth and effective for combat-use too. Left Click is your confirm, Right-click is your cancel/decline and the scroll-wheel is for cycling menus if you don't feel like using W or S. My only complaint? 0 is your Pause menu and ESC is ""Quit to Desktop"" which can be an upsetting surprise if you're not careful or know about the dreaded action of the ESC button. :POverall? The gameplay is still solid despite the port not being properly optimized on PC (performance and graphics wise).[EDIT1]Btw? For combat being stuck at 30fps? There's a problem with the HUD and the Power settings on Adapative. Here's my results either upscaled to 1080P and 4k downsamped to 1080P.http://imgur.com/a/fCXq3"
76561198310847620,Recommended,292120,30606348,Posted: 18 March,all,S.T.Flame,"one of the best in the franchise,"
,Recommended,292120,15419446,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,"I haven't finished the game but the story so far is great and the videos I really enjoy watching, my only complaint is I feel like I'm running down a hallway, there's little exploration to it. It may expand later and if it does I'll change my review, however, I've got a decent way in and it's been the same the whole time.Regardless, it's still a good game and it's full price isn't that expensive. If you're unsure, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,292120,33627930,Posted: 18 July,all,Guan YinPing,Story : 9/10Graphic : 10/10Music : 9.5/10Gameplay : 7/10i have problem this this game. I can't use english voice in this game. somebody can help me ?
,Recommended,292120,25802898,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Chaos Hunter,Great story. Great game. enough said.
,Recommended,292120,25086623,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The most humble guy you know,10/10 would buy again
76561198111784428,Recommended,292120,26319583,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Aoi,good game
76561198137558537,Not Recommended,292120,17961557,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Wolfy,The game wont even let me start playing it
,Recommended,292120,12926992,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Metalsand,"TENOUTTATEN BEST GAME BEST GAMESeriously though, they did actually finally reinvent the ATB system into something fun and interesting, and gameplay is improved dramatically as a result.  The game starts off veeeeeeeeeery slow but if you like FF games, you'll like this."
76561198106527706,Recommended,292120,12921925,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Teagu3 Martin,"Very good game, play better than PS3"
76561197982062881,Recommended,292120,12927188,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Johnny,"At last, Final Fantasy XIII for PC and what a game, love it! Thank you square enix for finally listening to your fans and bringing  this gem to PC users, I am ever so grateful.I had this game for PS3 and I can confirm that for PC it is a lot better, much crispier image and the game is so much more fluid compared to the console version."
,Not Recommended,292120,29046118,Posted: 5 January,all,Shywim,"Somewhat good combat system (depends on tastes).Good story. Bad at telling it (I could even say there were no telling at all).Cast is... not bad, but you know near nothing about the characters, except maybe Sazh (who is Lightning anyways? She fades in the background 5 hours into the game).Music could be good, but because you're stuck in looong and boriiiiing hallways all the game, you hear the same music too long (and too many times in the game). Bosses tracks loop fast (1 minute), except for the last one (4 minutes) while this battle's length is only 30 seconds.All in all, if you have faith you can get through it and then never play it again. It is not a BAD game, but don't throw your money at it. If you want to like it, you can try to play FFXIII-2 for 2 hours or so like I did and FFXIII became somewhat good. Then I uninstalled both right away."
,Recommended,292120,33778897,Posted: 24 July,all,SSS-Soberano Santo Suporte,Hallway ♥♥♥♥ing simulator.... beside that a pretty good RPG and a not so good Final Fantasy. (ps:played most of it on console)
76561198004538005,Not Recommended,292120,16470192,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shattered Light,"I bought this game and the sequel over the weekend. Frame rate issues for XIII while running an AMD R9, 3.6Ghz AMD FX-8150, 64 bit Win 8.1, 8GB Ram rig. I didn't even bother trying to play XIII-2 (though I purchased it). I searched the internet and forums. Looks like this game doesn't generally play well with AMD graphics. I got a full refund for both games within 24 hours.If you're running an NVidia setup you're probably fine. If you're running AMD, beware. If this game ever gets its compatibility fixed I absolutely will buy it again. I've watched a friend play it on PS and it was great."
,Not Recommended,292120,16468616,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Icejjfish,3 grindy 5 me
76561198034307201,Recommended,292120,27578443,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BLOOD,9/10
76561198117541576,Recommended,292120,27587090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Patchan,Don know why many people hate this game but I love it.
76561197977203723,Recommended,292120,29973334,Posted: 16 February,all,Nebuchadnezzar,Great. Just takes a while to get there.9/10
,Recommended,292120,21802484,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dikkun,"After all this time, I realized that I was wrong about this game for all these years between it's launch and my first time playing it. Man, Final Fantasy XIII is truly an amazing game - not like some older games in the series, but it is - and it's easy to see that after you play it.Graphicwise, the game is really neat, with some really good facial expressions and incredible enviroments, like completely ""crystral frozen"" lakes to ""beach-towns"" like Costa del Sol, not forgetting about it's nice share of creepy places.The art style in the game is familiar for every player, as it is the same as the older games, human based player models.The music is prety nice too, being just as catchy as a Shin Megami Tensei soundtrack, so you guys might like that.But the game has some issues with unstable framerate, cycling from 60 FPS to 19-20 FPS if you are an AMD user like me, but the game is still good and you should give it a chance when it enters a Steam deal.That's it guys, peace!"
76561198116707326,Recommended,292120,12428261,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SweetHat,"Originally, I gave this game a negative review due to the sheer awfulness of the opening experience.  You buy a game for which you exceed recommended specs, you expect it to run well out of the box.  After playing for a while, I'm changing this review to a positive one with caveats.  Everyone's talking about port quality, so let's get that out of the way first:PORT QUALITY:  It's pretty obvious that Square Enix is just getting back into the PC market- out of the box, this port is *dreadful*.  You're going to have to tweak settings for this game on your graphics card in order to get it to run well, and if you have a minimum spec computer, you should probably pass on this game entirely.  You'll also want to use a controller or VJoy- the game checks constantly to see if there's a controller plugged in otherwise, which will kill your frame rate.  Settings for this game reset every time I open it, and before loading I have to manually select Controller Input from the menu.  There are no in-game graphics settings, but it's not the end of the world- the ""omg 720 peeeeee"" people seem to have been expecting a complete remaster of the game for their $16.  If it's important to you, get GeDoSaTo.GAMEPLAY:  It took Square 20 years, but they *finally* nailed the ATB system.  I've never been a fan of the gameplay systems which use the ability to navigate menus quickly as a core game skill.  FFXIII requires you to make decisions under time pressure, such as which Paradigm to pick and when you should eschew the Auto-Battle command for manual input of abilities, but there is never a point where you have to dive three menus deep to find the particular item you're looking for.  Your decisions are always within a couple of button presses away, making the core skill the ability to make good decisions in a quick fashion.  FFXIII may have the best battle system yet in the Final Fantasy series.One negative is the insane degree of linearity.  You spend the first thirty hours of this game running down hallways.  Want to get off the hallway?  Run into a short cranny, fight the optional encounter, pick up a treasure chest and get back on it.  It's something I hated about FFX, and it's something I hate about FFXIII.PLOT:  I'm firmly convinced that most of the people who have reviewed the plot in this game played for five hours before forming their opinion.  One of the frequent comments you'll hear is about how Lightning is an emotionless character trying to act cool, which.... what?  She drops that schtick during the third chapter.  Perhaps people were expecting an overly gushy character like Luna, but I rather prefer strong female characters who aren't written as stereotypical females.  The same goes with comments as to how confusing the plot is, and the only way I could understand that is if people skipped all the cutscenes and ignored the Datalog.  If there's anything that's confusing, it's the supporting characters who get little screen time, such as Cid Raines, Jihl Nabaat, and Yaag Rosch; without reading the Datalog, you will have little idea who these characters are or what their role in the story is.  Try not to build an impression of the plot for this game through the first hour of gameplay, because there is some absolutely dreadful dialog going on there.GRAPHICS/MUSIC:  You expect awesome graphics and a stellar soundtrack from any FF game, and FFXIII delivers.  I'm not talking about pixel count (and if that's more important to you than game experience, why do you play games anyways?), I'm talking about how graphics/soundtrack work to serve the story.  Locations aren't pretty for the sake of being pretty; in each chapter, the scenery serves the emotional context of the plot.If you do buy this game, you're going to have to do some work with your graphics settings to run it the way it was intended, but you'll ultimately be rewarded with a very positive experience."
76561198007977787,Not Recommended,292120,17012818,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CoeZ,everyone who looks for Final Fantasy here...go..there's nothing to see here
,Not Recommended,292120,16688320,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LVLUP|GenesisFrenzy,"So did I beat Final Fantasy 13? No, I didn't. The final boss essentially you do chip damage to the entire time, which literally took 45 minutes to get his health down to just half. I think I had a quarter left when he did this insta-death spell that literally came out of nowhere. After being in that battle for over an hour, and having to repeat it, I promptly exited the game and uninstalled it.I tried to like this game. I powered through this monstrosity of a title up until the very end. However, during that time I was ridden with linearity, obnoxious difficulty spikes, awful overly conveluted story, and some of the most drawn out battles I've ever played in an RPG. The game still has tutorials 25 hours in and it takes around 30 to get to an open world area where you can do this one specific type of side quest that is just the same thing you were doing anyway. This game is the video game form of Hell.Will I ever finish this game completely? I doubt it, but anything's possible. My save is in the cloud and isn't going anywhere, so I'll have to be in the mood for it.Also, this PC version sucks. It dips frames for no reason and has no graphical settings outside of AA and shadows.Do not attempt this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198220362439,Recommended,292120,23477347,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,REDTIGERMI6,"I played this game back on the ps3 and did not get to really get into it. I havent played a Final Fantasy game in years. I am really looking forward t othe new title that comes out on the ps4 this year in the summer. I have to say this is not the best one but its pretty good. The graphics and music is very nice. The characters are very good design. I would love to play the older ones but the graphics are out of date. This one has grphics that are more up to date. I really am glad they decided to remake Final Fantasy 7, I think thats the one. I get them confused with the roman numerals and all. The one with Cloud and the guy with the gun arm. I really liked that one on the ps1. They should do that with some of the old ones. This game starts off slow but later on you get magic and level ups and everything. it starts to get better later on as the game progress. The movie scenes are all through this game. I like them but it gets kind of frustrating there is a movie scene all the time. Once I finish this one I will purchase the Lightning Returns sequel to this story."
76561198168024547,Not Recommended,292120,26749884,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Launch,"Warning: Download size is 40+GB's.Summary:Admires great video sequences.Runs and kill stuff.Listens to squad mates problems.Find boss, kill boss.Level up.Rince and repeat.I personally got very little satisfaction from playing this game. I felt like a tool about an hour in (run kill, run kill).The story line is rather weak compared to FF7 and FF8.Its saving grace was the cutscenes but not even that was enough for me to play it through.This title is suitable for younger folks 10 years and older."
,Not Recommended,292120,15740842,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,2Cold4Winter,"Good Graphics, sometimes i dont get the story , i was pretty bored because its always cinematic , auto combat? who needs that?! 7/10 for mego play  Final Fantasy 1 to X-2"
,Recommended,292120,20462596,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Zenira,Love it! Definitely hits the FFVII nostalgia button
,Recommended,292120,26973311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jin™,Best JRPG on steamJRPG terbaik di steam
,Not Recommended,292120,16658484,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Blaze,"I asked for a refund. After playing for 113 minutes, I was so bored I almost fell asleep. This game is not what I seek in a FF game.Supposedly it gets better (great even) near the end, but I don't have the time for that. Too many other games to play and books to read."
76561198108289655,Not Recommended,292120,33753204,Posted: 23 July,all,Tomek,"The camera always looks up or down, depending on what the settings use (inverted or standard). I have no Joystick, vjoy or controler that could be responsible.The game is not playable. Some person recommended keeping 2 (or 8 I presume) on the numberpad pressed the whole time. Of course this gets you nowhere if you want to look up or down ever sincve you can't go back. Maybe with a controler this game would be playable, I dunno, there was none included with the game...Such a dissapointment."
76561198028846781,Not Recommended,292120,14778963,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,|DTS|JONESY,Game won't launch and the support is useless.  Don't waste your money unless you want to spend it on a game that doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,292120,14799048,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DFCSpeck,"This was the first Final Fantasy game that I played and while it had its moments I cannot recommend this game.  My main two issues were the mouse/keyboard controls and the repetitive nature of the second half of the game.Controls:  Probably the laziest effort put forwards on a console port that I've experienced.  Limited ability to rebind the keys, poor mouse utilization, and terrible camera functionality.  I did eventually get used to them, but there could have been so much improvement in the interface displays when using a mouse.  Essentially the mouse is turned into two buttons and there's no cursor.Repetition:  A personal issue but I don't want to have to grind in a single player RPG.  All of the enemies are simply reskins of the same few dozen models.  I ended up limping my way through the end of the game with 5 minute after 5 minute fights since I didn't feel like going out of my way to fight fodder enemies for fractional amounts of EXP.  Boss fights are obnoxiously long and several will take longer than 10 minutes of hitting a button twice every ~5 seconds.  Enemy levels/difficulty are a mystery leading to one shot deaths.It took me around 35 hours to finish the game.  After the first 15 hours or so I just wanted it to be over.  The last few chapters are quite long.  If you're a fan of excruciating repetition, there are plenty of 'achievements' and completionist objectives.  But I'm glad that it's over and I can free up the 51gb for a new game."
76561198171721615,Not Recommended,292120,14769792,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SystemNameError,"Apparently with the Asian version, you only get japanese voice audio. Weird, because I'm in Asia and I don't speak Japanese, I speak English, as any Asian talking to someone from a different country IN Asia."
76561198030859121,Not Recommended,292120,21338727,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Holiday88,"Enough has been eloquently said about how bad this game is. Final fantasy fan or no (and I am), you will be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,292120,21327702,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ScarLight,"Works best with game controller.Pros:Good looking character models, though some I swear have tacky♥♥♥♥♥garments.Cons:Linear gameplay. I can't believe Square Enix implemented a system to make you play less of the game (Auto Battle and removal of the mana system... really? Why take out elements of FF that we know and love?) A lot of cutscenes, but that's not the problem. It just feels like a glorified movie (with poor dialogue) that didn't NEED to be interactive. Like one cutscene later, I take two steps and BOOM, another cutscene.Also, the graphics feel very dated. Yeah I get that it's a console port, but I guess I'm not really familiar with Square Enix's modern take of the final fantasy franchise. I guess PC gamers don't get their own brushed up and pretty looking port.Camera controls is really awkward. You can't move the character and control the camera at the same time or it will go screwy.That said, I only paid $7... guess I can skip a meal."
76561198144757773,Recommended,292120,19772039,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,bfreeman03,"Full disclosure, for the longest time I was one of those folks who would scoff at new FF games and simply say ""It hasn't been good since FFIX."" I still don't like FFX, have my doubts about FFXII, and will never play XI and XIV, but 14 hours into the game I can say one thing for certain: FFXIII has made me a fan.Prior to playing the game, I heard all the usual criticism. They said the game was too linear. They said the game practically plays itself. I even heard that the plot was dumb and the characters were annoying. Some of that criticism has a little bit of truth to it, but here's the bottom line: Over the course of my time playing this game, I have discovered that this game is a wild adventure across a beautiful and chaotic world, and a desperate struggle for survival against all odds. As someone who plays RPGs for the story, I couldn't be happier with my decision to play this game. As someone who frankly doesn't care about graphics, I have to admit that this game is stunningly beautiful, and a treat for the eyes just as much as for the brain. And the best part? I know that there's still a lot more for me to see here, because I still have a lot further to go before the game is finished.Anyway, those are my personal thoughts. Here's a brief rundown of some pros and cons.Pros:- The game takes place in a fascinating and beautiful world.- You will find that the story is engaging and unique once you give it an honest shot.- Although you don't always notice it, the game appears to have an excellent soundtrack. Several times in particular I have felt impressed with how well the music seems to fit the situation.- Most of the characters will grow on you quite nicely as you progress through the story (at least, they did for me).- Combat can be both simple and difficult depending on the enemy, and the paradigm system is an interesting departure from the standard ATB combat system most other FF games utilize.Cons:- The game throws you into the fray right off the bat and only gives you bits and pieces of the plot/backstory as you progress through the game.- You will probably hate most of the characters the first time you meet them.- The maps are extremely linear, as is the game itself. Don't go into it expecting an open world because there is none.- Exploration is practically non-existent, and I haven't seen any minigames or anything like that yet.The Bottom Line:- You play this game for the story. FFXIII is the most story-driven game I've probably ever heard of, to be honest. There is really nothing you do in this game that is not done for the purpose of advancing the main storyline.- Expect to be bombarded with strange terminology and seemingly unexplained conflicts early on. Much of it will be explained through dialogue shortly, but there is also an in-game database that you can use to learn more about the world and the plot in the main menu.- If you are a fan of story-driven RPGs like myself, then you owe it to yourself to give this one a shot. Despite the criticism and the fact that it is a radical departure from the games that came before it, FFXIII is a great game that I highly recommend."
76561198184729617,Not Recommended,292120,31368588,Posted: 25 April,all,Steverto,Really bad port
76561197977165692,Recommended,292120,17452436,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Tjaranis,"It is hard to recommand this game since i gave up on getting through it for now.I got 15 hours in and lost interest because of the very locked groups.15 hours in and I am still not allowed to choose which group of characters I want to use, neither am I allowed to use a full team, and from what I gather it will take another 5 hours before I am actually allowed to play the game.So at this point I am just giving up.However it was 15 hours of ok fun, so for the price it is I would still recommend it, and who knows maybe I will finish it another time.So now for how the game is:Combat is quite well functioning, you control 1 character and the other characters are auto controlled, although you control which roles they should be in, you do this from preset roles you set before combat.It is actually a good fun system which allows you to feel a lot of nice action while not having too much stress.The camera however is a plague, it jumps all over the place, is too far zoomed in so you sometime miss important skill clues getting you killed because of it, and you got little control over how your other characters use their skillset in the class, so they don’t always makes the smartest moves.The game is very linear, for the 15 hours I played I have done nothing but moving in one straight line without any ability to deviate from it.The story is quite good, but it seems to be Very short for what it is, without all the “wasted time” I think the story could be summarized until now in less then 15 min. even so it is enjoyable, and it is Very awesomely voice acted.I was quite impressed with the dialog, due to the names “snow, lightning, fang, hope, etc” I was expecting quite childish dialog but they were actually quite good and I found most dialog to be positive experiences ^^The progression system is sadly leaving much to be desired; there isn’t much progression choice to speak of, again everything is linear and because the cap on each role is so low you max them all out so easily, that there is no choice to be made.This is far from what we are used too in most ff games, but even so it does not take too much enjoyment away from the game.So well, this is my experience with the first 15 hours of the game.I would recommend it for the story and general feel; however, you need to know how linear everything is."
76561198265884470,Recommended,292120,22860688,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SazerX,nice and fantastic game. the gameplay and stiryline is perfect
76561198013914417,Recommended,292120,24346646,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,CrysisCore20,"This has the most interestingly divergent gameplay of the entire Final Fantasy series, the most beautiful visuals, and one of the best scores of all video games. It also has the most shallow, poorly written story and characters of all video games, and the most padding. It's very much a mixed bag. If you value great presentation, it is absolutely worth your time. If not, you'll be agitated with how unfinished the game is."
76561198197376425,Recommended,292120,23201233,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,K_-_O_-_V,"I don't understand why all the hate on this game when it came out.. this is my 3rd time finishing the game (twice on ps3 and once on pc) I found myself aching to play it again every two years or so. one thing  to put in mind for pc version is that it has some problems with the frames BUT there's a solution for that so look it up.my recommendation: if you're going to play the FF13 series, play this one only!(FF13-2) and (FF lightning returns) ruined the whole story for me. FF13's ending was good, and should have stayed this way. but if you don't mind the story that much then give the other FF13s a chance .. still FF13 gameplay is better than the other two.P.S.IF you're going for the achievements, there are some missable ones, so check them out before it's too late... best way to avoid that is to (NOT SELL ANYTHING) have fun."
76561198234763296,Recommended,292120,23223564,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,pcroce1,"This game is a great JRPG (maybe 9/10) but a sub-par Final Fantasy (maybe 7/10). If you are thinking of playing this game, ask yourself whether you want a good JRPG experience or the classic Final Fantasy experience. Also, I am not sure why so many people disapprove of the combat system. Its not hard to manage or control, its just fast and every dicision counts (characteristics that can be slowed in the settings menu).In the end, I recommend it because it is a great JRPG with excellent cinematic value and combat mechanics."
76561197971380375,Recommended,292120,23701560,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nilanu,Bought this one despite the mostly bad reviews and i am positively supprised. The story is good and the characters all play a valuable role in it. The combat system is pretty nice once you get the hang of it (it took me about 10 hours to get used to the combat and paradigm stuff). The graphics are just plain awesome even though it released in 2009 and it never went under 55 FPS.Would i recommend  it?Yes!
,Recommended,292120,24365510,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,pan[D]on,nice
,Recommended,292120,22836004,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sinicide Dalmasca,"This game is simply amazing. I already spent 50+ hours on it. The story is intriguing, the action is more than just ""eh"", and the characters are pretty cute as well. The graphics always had great fluidity and I encountered zero glitches."
,Recommended,292120,22842768,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Gewitrex,"Final Fantasy, this is a really good game, really beautiful art"
,Recommended,292120,22839159,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ryoskeith,"This game requires some serious hard core hardware. I bought this game with mid-ranged hardware and i had fps drops very often. Take the reccomended hardware and double it to pe able to play this game with no lag. aside from that this is an epic adventure i would reccomend to anyone. Just please give it a chance and play though the first bunch of chapters. Once you get to Grand Pulse this game opens up and there is a lot to do. I love this game. and i hope this review gets some of you to atleast try this game, and i believe you will like it as well."
,Recommended,292120,22870854,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Suiton,"Very good game.  Likely my most favorite Final Fantasy game.It's...pretty slow in the beginning, I'll admit.  Chapter 7 is where it begins to seriously pick up; around 9 or so hours into the game, but it's incredibly worth it.Really good graphics, OST, and story combined with probably the most in-depth FF battle system."
76561198059591011,Recommended,292120,24348291,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Brutha,Finally done all archievements!! This game is all about SEN/SEN/SEN.1) You downloaded the game when you can use SEN2) You installed the game when you can use two SEN3) You started the game when you can use six SEN4) You finished 60% of the game when you killed SEN/SEN/SEN5) You finished 95% of the game when you hate to kill SEN/SEN/SEN anymore6) You done the game when you are finally using SEN/SEN/SEN
,Recommended,292120,22854670,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,尺卂 几Ｄ 卂ㄥ,Best graph for my com lol
76561197980330756,Not Recommended,292120,20226584,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Darkhain,Worst gameplay ever.
,Recommended,292120,34382088,Posted: 20 August,all,not orange,hot fireballs and even hotter vidya girls. tenouttaten
76561197971196625,Not Recommended,292120,17066220,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hexen,"This game is literally a hallway combat simulator. The voice acting is awful, it sounds like a poorly subbed Hentai movie at best. The character progression is absent, there is no open world free roaming at all. The entire game consists of running 10 steps, button mashing a quick victory, and watching a 10 second cutscene."
,Recommended,292120,17609166,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Uchiaro,genuinely enjoyed the game
76561198067000266,Recommended,292120,23987248,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Blue Himiko,"A story so convoluted, I bet the characters are still wondering what’s going onThere are some games I like, this is not one of them. There are other games that I hate; this is not one of them. There are few games which I will defend to the grave – Final Fantasy XIII is not one of them. This game falls into an unusual category. It is a game which I feel I am not allowed to love. Why you may ask? Well it is simple, and it explains why I must write this review with a huge amount of caution.The reason I have to make such a drastic statement before getting to the heart of the actual review is because I am 100% aware of the criticism this games receive, and I won’t disagree with most of these criticisms. In other words, there are very valid reasons for criticising the game, but It is for you to decide whether you view these criticisms as actual criticisms or strengths of the game. What I must point out is that this game is not fundamentally flawed or broken in its game design.Large amounts of the game’s criticism surround three main areas: story, characters and gameplay. I’ll tackle each in turn. There is a brief separate comment to be said about the quality of the port itself: essentially what I can say is that there have been reported framerate issues and stuttering. However, I experienced very few noticeable problems, especially considering I played the game when it was originally released for the Xbox 360. What I would say is to double check that your PC is close to the recommended rather than minimum system requirements.*No spoilers*StoryThere are two main types of story driven games: those which take the player through a chronological journey from start to finish with very few disturbances in the ordinary sequence of events. This is a safe route to use, particularly for a JRPG which relies on using more creative conventions and methods of storytelling. The second main type throws the gamer in the middle of things. Instead of showing the player the background information leading up to the main events within the story, the game throws the player in the middle of an already chaotic situation. Final Fantasy 13 takes the second form. The game begins in the middle of conflict between several conflicting sides of society: The oppressive government known as the Sanctum on the one hand and the ordinary citizens on the other who are being purged by the Sanctum for coming into contact with a Pulse Fal’Cie. Final Fantasy 13 is the kind of game which requires you to be willingly engaged and interested in the story. Not being so will result in you as a player losing the plot (and I mean that literally). Playing this kind of game requires attention to detail which typically is not present in the majority of Final Fantasy games which take the standard beginning-middle-end format. Whilst the game may be linear, it does not hold your hand with its story.CharactersLightning: Not one to bring to parties…One of the criticisms of the game is that the main protagonist, Lightning, lacks character and personality. It’s easy to understand why people would have that view. My cat expresses more emotion than Lightning ever does across the three games in the series – and my cat sleeps all day. Ironically I argue that her cold-heartedness, the monotone aggression, the bitterness sheexpresses against Snow all add to her character, and that character is a seemingly fearless woman who ends up being overcome by the one thing she lacks… her emotion. Dramatic monologue aside, the supporting cast are quite varied in personality, Sazh being one of my favourites and Vanille being… Have you ever heard the sound of a young child trying to play the violin for the very first time? Well that sound describes Vanille's character... Okay I confess I liked her by the end of the series.GameplayThe final criticism that the game has been flooded with is fundamental issues with the game itself. A huge criticism is that the game is largely linear. This is a fair criticism if the defining feature of Final Fantasy games in your opinion is the open world and the focus on exploration, or if you dislike linear games in general. Personally, my attraction to the characters and my enjoyment of other things such as the music and the gameplay enabled me to overlook this criticism, but again, I understand and accept this to be a valid criticism of a game within a franchise which is so reliant on freedom and adventure. It worked for Final Fantasy 10, but 10 had a certain humility about it which 13 admittedly lacked. I personally felt that 13 was too adamant on expressing the huge cinematics and beautiful graphics which Final Fantasy games have never really been so dependent upon.I often hear arguments that the turn based battle system is dying. I actually felt 13 attempted to reinvigorate and give the system a fresh look. I would even go as far to say that it has kept the turn based system alive. Whilst it may not have been as complex as previous systems, it had its own uniqueness. In short, 13’s paradigm system involves switching between different combinations of magic that you can freely alter throughout the game. As the game progresses, character’s gradually unlock stronger magic and various stat upgrades. It is a far simpler method of levelling up character stats and abilities, but requires some planning in order to overcome difficult bosses.MusicSay what you want about the quality of the game itself. If you argue that the character’s sucked, I’ll accept it; if you argue that the story sucked, I’ll accept it, but if you argue that the music sucked… Well I’ll have to unleash the Behemoth within me. Whilst the soundtrack was not composed by my beloved Nobuo Uematsu, for once it honestly did not matter. Masashi Hamauzu did an incredible job of capturing the sense of isolation, oppression and the emotional complexity of characters such as Lightning in a diverse soundtrack. Whilst there were pieces which were played incredibly frequently, the quality of the soundtrack made up for this. The battle theme ‘Blinded by Light’ was particularly able to recreate the intensity maintained throughout the game whilst continuing the bass motif’s found in every battle theme in the franchise. Other incredible pieces include: ‘The Promise,’ ‘Sazh’s Theme,’ ‘March of the Dreadnoughts,’ ‘Hope’s Theme’ and ‘Vanille’s Theme (not to give any credit to Vanille by the way).’ConclusionFinal Fantasy 13 is one of those rare games which I still struggle to explain why I love so much. Whilst it would fail to reach my favourite Final Fantasy games, that does not retract from the genuine enjoyment I experienced playing this game 3 times over. I’m in the process of doing a Final Fantasy marathon (FF1 – 13) and I am looking forward to replaying the 13 series. Even if you didn’t enjoy 13 itself, the sequels are amazing games in their own right but I’ll save those reviews for another time. In summary, I do love this game. Perhaps I was literally blinded by the light of a franchise which I adore, but as I mentioned, there are genuine reasons to love this game, just as there are reasons to despise it. I do believe the game receives way too much criticism than it actually deserves but those criticisms aren’t found on some imaginary basis. I once honestly believed I was the only person who actually liked this game at one point. The ultimate question however is should you buy this game? For the first time, I will copout and leave the decision up to you, the reader, taking into account what you like in a Final Fantasy game and what you dislike. If I attempted to score this game, I fear I would be giving some arbitrary number which does not actually represent anything at all."
,Recommended,292120,30814454,Posted: 29 March,all,Apriarcy,"While being an excellent game, this is NOT an excellent FInal Fantasy game.Had the name been different, it might have been better received by fans.I personally was a big fan of this game's 3 part series.The PC port is terrible. It's sad to think I had a smoother experience playing all 3 on the Xbox 360 than I did on PC. My PC is not the problem here.I actually quit my PC playthrough during the Gran Pulse segment because the game was maintaining about 10-15 FPS on the lowest settings...Performance issues aside, it's awesome. I hope the bring back the Paradigm battle system in more titles."
,Recommended,292120,17803110,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,rock3tz,"Ok game, just skip the cutscenes and read the lore from the menu."
,Recommended,292120,30022399,Posted: 18 February,all,tootpocalypse,running this in razer core with gtx 1070 has this huge lag that runs every 2 seconds its weird and pretty much unplayable dunno what to do :<Edit:found the problem is the HID just plug in a controller should fix it or you can by disabling hid in device manager all of them
76561198176849223,Recommended,292120,34906452,Posted: 12 September,all,joanun3s2,"it's awesome like the whole ff series itself. 1 or 2 hours of gameplay and it already made me cry, for sure the best part is the story line"
,Recommended,292120,34943278,Posted: 13 September,all,Dusk Till Dawn,Good game
,Recommended,292120,35004185,Posted: 16 September,all,マドゲーマーズ,Amazing
76561198010708806,Not Recommended,292120,17558973,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ChuKoe,Final Fantasy: Cut Scenes (Walk on Rails)would have been a better title.
76561198237797034,Not Recommended,292120,35427335,Posted: 2 October,all,white80ty,"Still wonding when the game starts. All i have done is watch  vdieo, walk, video, walk, video, auto battle , video"
,Recommended,292120,13549247,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rS.,Nice StorylineNice GraphicLove this game
76561197998474076,Recommended,292120,21209429,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rectangle,"It's my favorite FF game. The story is definitely confusing the first time you play; they could have done a much better job of explaining the worldstate throughout the intro. The overall story, however, is some quality♥♥♥♥♥♥The leveling system is cool (all characters have some degree of access to all combat roles) and it doesn't take forever to grind out levels.The best part of this game is easily the combat system. I've never had so much fun in FF combat before. It's fresh, enganging, and unlike other FF games.But of course, the massive downside here is the performance of the PC port. Your computer will not consistently put out more than 50 fps during most of the gameplay. I have the best AMD gpu on the market and a freesync monitor, but still my framerate suffers and I see a lot of stuttering/tearing in the game as I pan my camera. Battle fps is locked to 30, world fps is locked to 60."
,Not Recommended,292120,20273025,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,melonbeton,"Often loses the connection to the keyboard. You cannot skip cut-scenes. Gameplay mechanics are awful, avatar movement physics are ridiculous, the battles are basically just quicktime events which get triggered by choosing certain attacks before they are being executed. The story is lame and very forced - only tzhings that hold up are the music and some parts of the graphics. Skilltree development is upright boring. This game is as if Dragon Age Inquisition or Skyrim would´ve been coded by monkeys with an ear for nice music and an eye for nice graphics. At least I can enjoy listening to Japanese - the only third element which holds this - well how should I call it - ""game"" - up."
,Recommended,292120,32754828,Posted: 24 June,all,DrugsBunny,So far so great! I love this game and every other ff game lol i grew up on these only issue i had was with the game not starting i had to disable DEP once i had done that and restarted the game ran perfect at 60 fps looks stunning and the story is amazing! great port cant wait to play the others!
76561198055170203,Recommended,292120,13727390,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Howlin_Radio,"FF XIIIIdeal audience:- Those who enjoy JRPGs and will not be putoff or entiely deterred by linearity or moderate difficultyPros:- One of the more challenging FF games- great graphics- In my opinion, the best combat system final fantasy has seen to date; the game could benefit from slightly quicker transitions between paradigms- Overall, great gameplay- Weapon UpgradesCons:- Framerate seems to fluctuate; never below 30, but frequently approx. 30 and then back to 60 on 1080p and 4x AA- Crystarium is too simple and hinders choice of character development- linearity- lack of towns and poor interactions with other NPCs- IMO, the cast of characters is lacking and overall not very likable. I did like Lightning, considering her character wasn't constantly spewing extreme meladrama (unlike Snow)- More meladramatic than other FFs- Sub-par story in comparison to the other FFsSummary: Get this game if you think you'll like a fast-paced and engaging combat system. You may want to avoid this game if you are picky about story..it's not bad but definitely not FFs best"
,Not Recommended,292120,13496776,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shodan,"I will start off by saying that I used to be a big fan of the FF series and Square's JRPGS of the 90's in general. After Squares PS1 era, I never had the chance or interest in playing any of the later installments in the FF series, mainly because I was exclusively a PC gamer. Then one day I notice to my surprise that they've released this on Steam, so I figured I'd go ahead and try the latest game in the series that I used to be such a big fan of in the past.At first I have to comment on filesize of the game. When installed, the game takes 58 gb's of HDD which is insane!The filesize is that big because the game includes both Japanese and English audio in the game and in the cutscene videos. It really would of been a nice if the original Japanese audio/video was an optional download. That way you would save up about 20gb worth of download time.Now for the actual game:Gameplay:I found the gameplay incredibly boring and repetive. It doesn't have the ATB turn based combat of the previous installments, which I was aware of before I bought this game. Instead it has sort of real-time battle system where you only control one character. You can perform 3 moves in 1 turn and sort of chain different abilities and spells together. Or alternatively, you can just hit the auto-battle and it will automatically choose the best chains for you.Seriously, every battle is the same: Auto battle -> Auto battle -> Auto battle -> Heal -> Auto battle -> Auto battle -> Auto battle ->You can unlock new abilities and attributes for your characters with the Paradigms. Basically, your characters have these roles you can choose for them which include offensive, defensive and healing roles. Each of these roles have their own ""skill tree"" which you can climb to unlock more abilities. The skill tree is as linear as it can get, so theres no actual options to choose from at all. You will simply unlock everything in one order over time. You can also change these roles in combat at anytime when you need to go from doing damage to healing. Its also good to point out that you can't change roles for individual characters in battle.The game doesn't really have any actual RPG depth to it at all. Theres only 2 different stats (Strength and Magic) and only 2 different types of items that you can equip (Weapon and accessory). Can't get much more simplified than that.As for the difficulty of the game. Theres two settings, easy and normal. I played the game on normal and thought it was incredibly easy. None of the boss battles gave me any challenge whatsoever (but then again, how could it with such a simplified gameplay mechanics). The game also recharges your health back to full everytime you win a abttle.Graphics:The graphics are quite alright. The game is about 4-5 years old with initial release on 360 and PS3, so you can't realistically expect anything spectacular. Now that SquareEnix actually managed to get the game to run at 1080p, it looks even better. The game also runs at 60fps, but it has difficulties in maintaining it, so fps drops to 30 are pretty common. My GPU had max GPU usage of 10% when I played the game, so its simply bad optimisation.The art design is where the game actually shines a bit. The characters are all well designed and look good. Most of the areas, landscapes, machines, bosses etc look great.Controls:With the game being a console port, you can expect some not-so-great controls on the keyboard. My biggest gripe was that Esc actually EXITED you out of the game without saving the game (Its now fixed and it asks you if you want to exit instead). I'm pretty sure that any PC gamer will automatically assume that Esc is the menu, not the god damn exit button.Just goes to show that the people at Square Enix who were reponsible for this port, had no idea how a game plays on a PC.Music:The music in this game sounds quite dull in general. Almost like elevator music, with the exception of few tracks in certain parts. They really need to hire Nobuo Uematsu again.Also, theres no final fantasy fanfare. Thats equivalent of not having the blue policebox in doctor who!Story:I'm not gonna go into much detail about the story, but on a personal level, I found it to be quite uninteresting. For the first few hours of the game, I had no idea what the hell was going on at all. It starts you right in the middle of the action and doesn't explain much till later on. I can't comment on the entire story as I have yet to finish the game, but I'm about 12 hours in and it has pretty much failed to spark my interest yet.Characters:I don't really know what to say about the characters in this game. Lightning was ok, though she sort of represented your very standard JRPG pragmatic soldier archetype. Sazh was a funny sidekick with his very handsome afro.Vanille and Snow on the other hand made me want to hit the Esc button more than a few times.Conclusion:The game is INCREDIBLY simplified to the point where it felt like I was watching a mediocre visual novel, rather than playing a game. The game is very easy and offers little challenge. While the game has some redeeming qualities in certain areas, like in the visual design and certain aspects of the story, its not enough to make this game worthwhile at all when the only actual gameplay taking place in the game is you continuously pressing AUTO BATTLE and sometimes switching to heal mode when taking damage."
,Recommended,292120,12466952,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Τinkerbell,"PLEASE NOTE: This is a review from a gamer that has a 600+ hour game record on this title via the Xbox 360 version.This game has stunning visuals, great gameplay, and on a personal level there's something about this game that keeps me coming back to it. The characters are unique just like any Final Fantasy game where each game has a different set of characters to adapt to-- therefore making each game a matter of opinion regarding the story and characters. You don't have to play Final Fantasy 1 to understand Final Fantasy 13, you can play any of them in any order that you please without a worry of anything being spoiled.Now for the actual review. I've seen so many negative reviews regarding the gameplay, FPS drops, and so forth. In my personal opinion, I'm running on 30 FPS and I see no problem with the game. Most people take what they have for granted-- you don't have to have a perfect 60 FPS to enjoy the game. The game itself is mostly cutscenes to tell a story before you get into the grinding part of the game.Roughly chapters 1-12 are based around the player getting to know all the mechanics of the game while not loosing it's gameplay potential or limiting the player. You cannot free-roam like most games in the beginning, however, that changes. This is NOT a spoiler-- most people wonder if you're able to still play this game for achivements and what not after the game is over and the answer is yes, you can. I will not say what happens but the game was designed no matter what the ending was they wanted their players to go back and still play the game.I see a few negative reviews regarding getting 'stuck'. They're not stuck, they simply don't know what to do and ignored the tip screens that pop up which, by default, are there for a reason. If you struggle with a battle and/or boss, check a video on YouTube or read a guide on it to ease your way through it without dulling down your own experience-- pick the one that fits you the most.I don't care that I'm going to be flamed and harassed for this review, the fact of the matter is this is a good game.I'm running on an AMD quad A10/Radeon HD 86500/6 GB DDR 3 RAM/Windows 8 64 Bit.I don't have much issue with the FPS at all, try closing out some of your previous programs or restart your computer for a fresh process list and try it out. Actually play the game before making a review. Yes, you will get FPS drops and 99% of the community will get the drops but it will not effect the gameplay but so much.It is true, you cannot edit any settings besides a pre-set windowed mode or a full screen mode however that is bound to change in the future.8/10 personal rating -- great game, amazing visuals, outstanding character development, and the story really sucks you in if you're into these kind of games.The only downside I can think of would be something along the lines of you cannot go back to previous chapters after chapter 12 if I recall correctly causing you to restart your whole game just because you missed one item for an achivement. Be sure to pick up anything you can find on your map, you won't regret it later when you can't come back to the starter locations with basic items.Also, keep all of your items and save the upgrading for later down the road when you really need it (after you finish the game) that way you still have a ton of gameplay ahead of you without worrying if you messed something up or not for an achivement. It's trial and error."
,Recommended,292120,12426407,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Redwan,"To lock keyboard controls with 'esc' key as FORCE EXIT is an awful idea. 3 times I started the game and three times I accidentally hit 'esc' to exit menus. Japanese managers who authorized this decision have weird sense of humor or are on heavy drugs.I'm tolerant to graphics (playing roguelikes simplifies the taste), so I didn't pay much attention to the fact that graphics options are locked as well.Stiil I'll try to play it, as an old fan of the series, though it spirals down several last times."
,Recommended,292120,12426063,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TTIAP,"10/10 now get to work on them nude mods people, my underwear is wet thinking of all the lewd fun we can be having.>>Edit<<Day 3, still no nude mod but durante fix has brang me to a dehydration level that ieven i dont think i can come back from."
76561198122137942,Recommended,292120,12426347,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,I HAVE FAILED YOU SHISHOU,"well, its same like ps3, but its great to have lightning on PC. but too bad  cant raise the graphic.those who doesn't have console should try this."
,Recommended,292120,12647148,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Darky_35 uhh im in russia,My sister's playing this and this is a really HD game if u play with a particular controller. still good game 9/10 and -1 coz of lack of gameplay which u can make it better with a controller.
,Recommended,292120,12428853,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SethBio,Walked straight for 4 hours. 10/10
,Recommended,292120,12494165,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ziggy,Great Game a nice change from the usual Final Fantasy
,Not Recommended,292120,13731146,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Izeyash,All I need to say is this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47YPs-qwNQU
,Recommended,292120,12668148,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sanktaii_SWE,"I bought this game for about two years ago on Xbox. Then I thought it was one of the best ''new'' games.So when it came on PC I was like - Oh yeah I have to buy it now! - so I did it.While I installed it I had nothing to do so I just read comments.Everyone was like - Don't buy this game. You're locked in 720 blablabla. - b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t.If you are really fan of Final Fantasy, and regardless if you played FFXIII on Xbox before you should be happy that you can play on PC. If not, then go play on Xbox/PS. Nothing is stopping you.Only thing I'm dislikes is that game requires 60GB+. It took about 1 hour to just download and then came the patch part.Patching took one extra hour because I had to uinstall some♥♥♥♥♥♥ why? _Because patch needed extra space, only for installation time.When installation was complete, I plugged in my Xbox Controller (recommends) and then finally I could play the game.And you know what? I just enjoy it. Because it's still one of my favorite games.Btw. the ''ESC'' problem. Well, If you're playing with controller it's more positive than negative."
,Recommended,292120,12435709,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mr. Rabbit 兔,Not a good port but hopfully will get updated and ill play it then
,Recommended,292120,12691731,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Neevil,"I haven't completely played through this game; merely a sliver of time in it really. The Final Fantasy series of games has had  a celebrated history of amazing stories, rich and fully fleshed out characters, and soundtracks that put most every other game to shame. Unfortunately since Final Fantasy VI The stories have become more and more confusing and with trying to make a more complex story they continue to bog down the player with trying to find a meaning of it all. This would be wonderful if there was actually hidden meanings written into the storylines. It all started in Final Fantasy VII. Although I'm still hard pressed to call it my favorite (Final Fantasy VI being the best in my opinion.) The story of it started alright and then took a huge turn into the ""WTF Zone."" Trying to figure out who Cloud was, if he was even in SOLDIER, and what relationship Sephiroth had between him and Zack.Final Fantasy VIII was a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of WTF moments and I still don't think the ending for that was even a proper ending. IX and X had great stories but with X you had to wait until almost the end of the game to understand anything. XII; while I loved the new MMO play style and the story, the ending was so lackluster I felt like I had just watched Neon Genesis Evangelion when I got to the ending. That being said; I can only PRAY that FFXIII redeems itself to me. It's pretty damn confusing so far with the factions(?) having such closely resembling names. *praying*"
76561198099835421,Not Recommended,292120,27876013,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,iSinner,Hallway: The Game
76561198074000916,Recommended,292120,13310542,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,eff.cassiopea,Fantastic game :D ...
,Not Recommended,292120,28287194,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dan Niton,"So ff 13 is an upgrade in terms of models and textures but a downgrade in terms of gameplay. Truly one of the worst, if not THE WORST final fantasy game I've ever played.(Note: my cons could contain possible spoiler alert.)Pros:- Graphic details and CGI.- weapon upgrade system.- Perfect character model.Cons:(Boy oh boy get ready for this one.)- No more mana system. Now you get to cast infinite magic with no worries of mana management.- You control only one character in a party. Thats right. JUST ONE. Rest are automatic AI control.- During battle, 90% of the time you don't play the game, the game plays for you again because you control only one character.- Hp, Strength and magic. That's it. That's all the attributes you have in this game. No defense, no magic defense, no agility or luck.- Certain negative status effect are gone like blind, confuse (I can see why since this game has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ battle mechanic), silence (still there, just that its name is changed to ""fog"". Like wow.)- Near impossible Eidolon battle. Had to actually look at walkthrough.- Eidolons could morph into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mounts. (e.g Odin transforms into a god damn horse instead of him riding a horse. Shiva sisters transform into a bike!?!?!?!? WTF really!? This is ridiculous.)- Shiva sisters. Yes, that's right. Suddenly shiva had a twin sister.- No more limit break system like trance of ff9 or overdrive of ffx.- Super long tutorial + boring area. The graphic detail of the levels are no doubt high quality BUT I actually don't give a♥♥♥♥♥about exploring and just rush on through as the level design is boring AF. This is something I never do in a final fantasy game. I rather farm for dark matter from dark yojimbo in ffx then doing this.- Last but not least, the NUMBER ONE bad thing of ff XIII. HOPE. No I'm not talking bout hoping for a miracle, I'm literally talking about the character Hope. A whinny blame everyone for everything little as.11 cons compare to 3 pros. Take note that I loved to 100% the final fantasy series ff4, ff7-ffx including max everything but for this game I just don't bother. The only thing that keeps me going in playing this game is staring at the chick Vanille.I'm not going to say don't buy this game. I'm just going to say this game is NOT WORTH your time and money."
,Not Recommended,292120,34044457,Posted: 5 August,all,WittyName.exe,Just... Just don't play this game. I have 53 hours on it and I wanted to kill myself through 52 hours of it. That 1 hour was the ending.
76561198116322979,Recommended,292120,12435750,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,NaniTheFuck,"Story: 7/10Soundtrack: 10/10Characters:5/10Graphics: 10/10Gameplay:9/10As expected of Final Fantasy game it dominates with addictive gameplay and good soundtrack, when it comes to characters however it gets complicated because some characters are very original and lovable but others are full of cliche and have generally boring personalities.However this port is very high quality (if we ignore the lack of graphics settings) and graphics looks even better than it did on the console.What the game lacks in characters it makes up with addictive gameplay in which you can easily lose hours just killing monsters and barely making progress in the story.Some people reported low performance and FPS but i've had no similar experience since the game ran flawlessly.All in all this game is very well worth the money if you are into JRPGS and RPG's in general.It was also announced that sequels will be coming to PC too so if you plan to play it for story be prepared to get the sequels too, for me this is a must have game."
,Recommended,292120,12520370,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,br4t,Good game but Y U NO FPS?
,Recommended,292120,12606128,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Moralio,"Oh wow, just finished this today and I can definitely see why it's such a polarizing title. FFXIII unfortunately fell into development hell and it shows, oh gawd it shows.Plot is all over the place, often dragging on and sometimes making me wonder if I didin't skip a cutscene (or two) somewhere by accident. Main protagonits start as horrible cliches, and run around without any clear goal for alarmingly long time. And by ""run around"" I mean ""run foward"" because exploration is so non existant to the point where Final Fantasy X feels like a sandbox in comparison. You literally trod through endless hallways, sometimes taking a left or right turn to grab a treasure, retract, and continue your grand jog. There are no cities, towns, outposts or mini-games to break the monotony. Even leveling system is linear, artifically blocking your progress in case you somehow would like to grind. Thankfully FFXIII gets better and more engaging around Chapter 7 (yes, there are chapters!), as your party finally fleshes out and new subplots emerge. Combat system also starts to get better, as difficult foes come into play and when you reach FFXIII's one and only optional activity: hunting bosses and minibosses in quite large, open area. I mean it is not something groundbreaking, but it is much needed breath of fresh air after hours of railroads. Suddenly Toriyama's baby shows that we can have some variety in exploration and it makes me wonder why isn't there more of it. Real shame because FFXIII shows some very impressive production quality. Visuals and trademark cutscenes still look good, even by today standards.From technical standpoint this game is a mess. Perhaps it is not as terrible as Dark Souls at it's PC release, but still unacceptable. Resolution locked to 720p, zero graphic options whatsoever and overall very wonky performance. I had to use Durante's mod just to get acceptable visuals and FPS. Purists will like that there is a choice between Japanese and English VO, with appropriate lip-sync for every version.Overal I say FFXIII is a decent jRPG and ""only"" okay FF title. Lightning's trek is nowhere as bad as people say but still way below the quality we can expect from the series. I say pick it up, after all it is at a pricepoint of an average indie."
,Recommended,292120,12498196,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,shitstain,"I was asked to write a honest review of this game. So here I am.Short disclaimer: I haven't played any Final Fantasy games for PSX, PS2, PS3, though I played FFVIII and FFVII. Also be wary that I use this ""yes/no"" option regarding recommendation as a way to answer the question ""are you ok with the purchase?""As usual I will start describing the gameplay/game feel. I was expecting a jrpg similiar to any other FF game I've played. Story, party, exploring the word, kinda linear but open world style of gameplay, turn-based battle system.It's really hard to say if I'm happy with that. A lot of people are mad about the part when you get a really extended introduction part where you can't really adjust your gameplay and that really is annoying I have to admit. Game drags you through a lot of tutorials, some of them are helpful, other are completely redundant. This could've been done in a much simplier way, or via a seperate tutorial system. So be wary, you will not feel ""freedom"" for a lot of time.Let's talk about the battle system/leveling system. It really is different from what I've seen. You're pretty much controlling the leader and the other guys in your party simply follow the AI schema. I'm not saying it's totally wrong since you can just control them with ""Paradigms"" (AI schemas?), but sometimes it's more of an annoyance. Normally if you wanted to heal a party member using a Cure spell you would just queue a command, choose a target. Here you kinda have to switch your paradigm so your party member actually behaves like a healer and not a damage dealer. He might also just not heal the party member you'd like to heal, which is kind of a problem. Keep in mind: being inefficient about this (letting one follower be a medic 100% of the time) will result in lower battle rating, which is quite crucial as the higher it is, the more of your Technical Points are regenerated (points used to use some special abilities). This enforces a lot of switching, and strategizing as characters may have different roles. You can also setup your own paradigms so that eg. 2 of your fighters will deal damage and 1 will heal, etc.There's a minor issue with leveling I guess. The good ol' ""you leveled up!"" system was removed. Instead you get Crystarium Points (correct me if I'm wrong), which allow you to get more stats or new abilities. The character development is not linear so you don't get a warning ""hey, you can unlock this!"", and sometimes checking your Crystarium page so often might be a good (and annoying) idea.The story is a story, it's quite hard to follow, but unveils after a while and you really get the feeling of immersion, which is... good? I mean, usually at the beginning of Final Fantasy games you don't really know what's going on, and then you find out. I think the game is ok in that departament. Some moments and dialogues are pretty cheesy, but well whatever, it's a Final Fantasy game. If you're an anime fan you will be wondering ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is he talking about, it's perfectly ok"", provided that you play through the game of course.Time to talk about the audio/visual stuff. I will also talk about the PC port here.Music and voice acting are good. Audio fits the atmosphere/area, it's dynamic or slow and calm when it needs to (dialogues/drama/battle). Nothing to worry about here. As mentioned before some of the voice lines are cheesy but it's not like it ruins the game for you.As for the visuals I'll be honest with you: it doesn't really seem that bad to me, though I understand people's concerns about game being run in 720p out of the box (there are some fixes I believe). The areas are very detailed, there's a lot of variety regarding enemies/allies. It's all beautiful. I'm running the game on my laptop and all I was worried about is the performance. I was shocked when I found out THERE ARE NO VIDEO PREFERENCES.Quick rant about the port here: Well I've played older FF games, DMC3, and many other games just butchered by Japanese devs (talking about ports here). This is no different, I could be mad, but I'm not anymore after these years. Game will close if you press ESC (as in quit do desktop without asking). There are no video settings as mentioned before. There's a lot of checkpoints/savepoints in game though so at least you won't be losing much of progress if you accidently quit the game. Also you pause the game with 0 key. Yea, to skip the cutscene you've already seen you need to press 0 on your keyboard, then 1 on your keyboard. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ were they high?After all playing the game feels good. It's certainly no GOTY. It's just... good. I would rate it at 7.5/10, maybe even higher. It's not exactly addictive but you don't quit the game raging after a while, it's totally playable and considering the low price I'd recommend it even more, if you just love the FF beautiful stories, turn-based system games. Well actually, if you don't have a console this is most probably your best bet when it comes to jrpgs (or other FF games released for PC). It's so much better than Last Remnant, that's for sure."
,Recommended,292120,13315663,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Styger,thank you for the patch SE. well done!! now i can enjoy my game
,Recommended,292120,12434841,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kyster,"I'm trying to write down my first impressions here. Tested the game an hour ago.Yesterday I went to work at the time the game content has been unlocked, so I wasn't able to test it immediately. In work, I started to read the reviews and the forums. I've never experinced such hate around a game, ever. We all know the common technical problems, so I won't state them. What's important: I won't defend the flaws, which are definitely there, but I won't take a part in this riot as well. So let's go. First, the positives.I gotta say, the in 720p is not THAT bad. I have a high-end PC, and a monitor with a 1920x1080 pixels resolution. Some have problems with the cutscenes - they're beautiful for me. In the gameplay, it's clear to see that this can be better, but it's not as disturbing as everybody states it.About the FPS: with a GTX 780 videocard, and an i7-4770k CPU, with Win 7 x64, and I have 60 fps every time. When there's a change from cutscene to gameplay the FPS drops down to 40 - for less than a second. Cannot even notice.The Nvidia control panel has great advantages about this one. I feel sorry about AMD users - they NEED a fix. Period.So it is playable, it looks good for me.The major problems I had has all been fixed. There were two.-Immediate crash at the first startup. I had to disable DEP, reset the machine, It works since then.-There was a non-disturbing, but noticeable lag in the game, always. The solution is weird, but this is the only one - you need a controller. The game desperately tries to find a controller in every second, which causes the lag. I have a Dualshock 3 connected, and calibrated as an XBOX360 controller (XInput). It works with the game, and there is no lag anymore.Still, the game needs ingame graphics options, and to support at least 1080p resolution, to meet the VERY minimum of todays PC gaming requirements.I don't think S.E. will do anything about this. The only hope can be Durante, and his awesome work. I tried his early pre-alpha GeDoSaTo fix, it is great already, and it will be more awesome later.Last words: try to think about this another way. This game wasn't meant for PC, unfortunately.If you ever tried to emulate PS2, you know that it is really hard to make everything work, even on a high-end PC.I'm looking at this game as a PS3 emulation, and as we all know: we are ages away from proper PlayStation 3 emulation, and for this price, it is worth for those who wanted to try it, have a powerful PC, but never had a console.A tip: I'm not being the big guy here, I know where I'm came from, I only have built my high-end configuration around three months ago, so my advice is honest and sympathetic here: if you have a low-pc, don't buy it. If you have a mid-pc, you should wait for fixes."
,Recommended,292120,12436532,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Moogle,So far i like it and its fun except for the lack of graphic options. ^-^
76561198046288793,Not Recommended,292120,22923641,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,nobzlol,"Wow. I had to try this game for myself, but everyone was right: this is actually, genuinely, trash."
,Recommended,292120,13316952,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,diplo100,"Please, I beg you...I need language options.At least with the interface, to begin with..."
,Recommended,292120,12487352,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Protagonist,"What a great game, and challenging as well! I almost thought it has a short story (6 hours of gameplay). Until I realised it was all just the beginning of the game. This is my first time playing Final Fantasy game, so I don't really know what happen on the previous Final Fantasy game. The graphic is great and it runs smoothly on my tablet. The music feels like orchestra but very repetitive. And the gameplay is very relaxing, it's almost like watching a movie. Overall I recommend this game to 13+ kids out there.Story: 8/10Soundtrack: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10My tablet specs:Intel Core i7-4500U8.00 GB RAM120 GB SSDGeForce GT 750M"
76561198068827226,Recommended,292120,12676893,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Trickling,"The game is not as great as the other FF games, so everyone says.  But THAT IS OKAY.  It's $18, cheaper on sale.  Characters are...pretty.  Environments are...pretty.  Everything is pretty.  You will get $18 worth of cinematics if nothing else."
,Not Recommended,292120,28368030,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Valv Vader,It doesn't get better.
76561198067840185,Recommended,292120,13316540,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lethal Virgin,FANTASTIC update. now my game wont boot. tried playing with all the settings and still nothing.
,Not Recommended,292120,18659804,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"If you fans of oldies final fantasy like VII, VIII, IX and X. Then you gonna be dissapointed. The only thing good from this game is the graphic and animation which it expected from this game era. You're not gonna get awesome atmosphere and music like it's previous game.Summary: I tried to enjoy this game but still failed. RIP final fantasy :("
,Recommended,292120,23088344,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sir Dan,"The world of Final Fantasy XIII is stunning. Sadly, we don't get to see enough of it. Calling XIII linear would be an understatement.The game has a deep story with some really interesting characters, watching these characters develop as the story progresses is what Final Fantasy is all about. XIII doesn't fall short in this area.The Visuals and the musical score are beautiful as always, it's a Final Fantasy game after all. For a game released in 2014, the visuals hold up very well against games in 2016.The Crystarium levelling system, while also beautiful to look at, again feels linear. Another sucker punch to the hardcore Final Fantasy fans like myself, is the inability to power level. The Crystarium system locks to each section of the story and puts a halt to over levelling your party.I absolutely recommend FFXIII to hardcore Final Fantasy fans and users that are entirely new to the franchise.A fantastic game yes, but a fantastic Final Fantasy game?"
76561198087883063,Recommended,292120,12600777,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,K_rent,"I don't know why people seem to hate this game so much. I agree the game is very linear in the beginning but what I find fun in this game is the strategy in the combat.Paradigms are what make this game fun, paradigms control what role/skills your characters use when you select that paradigm. Creating/changing your set of paradigms to take down unique bosses and then successfully executing your plan feels awesome. In the beginning of the game it sets what characters you use but once you get through the main story your options really expand. You can select your team members and take on different challenges as their roles are unlocked. You can create new paradigms and gain bonuses from leveling roles. Leveling roles is linear sadly. Not too many options other than what role you want to level even though it may feel like you have options within the roles tree (or should I say vine?). Leveling weapons, I recommend reading and understanding how it works before you ""put all of your eggs into one basket"". It is very confusing at first but understanding it will help you make the most progress in leveling them.If you give the game some time and pull through the linear-ness and enjoy the story you can have some good fun with it. Especially late in the game."
76561198065853339,Recommended,292120,12435545,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AidanTheNerd ☮✌,"Okay... we need to see XIII-2 and Lightening Returns now! This game is Brilliant there was a reason i waiting almost 5 years for this to come out on PC and i don't give a single cr*p if it doesn't play in 1080p i have a 1080p monitor and i am perfectly happy playing in 720. also the graphics run fun and look beautiful. the controls were hard to get used to at the start but they have grown on me now, just remember not to hit the ESC button again. Apart from that this is perfect, and i would really hope that all the perfectionists out there would just shut the hell up because if you were a fan of Square Enix you'd at least appreciate that they brought the game to steam anyway. I give this a strong 9 out of 10 and people can hate on me for that but... hate on me for enjoying a Final Fantasy game i ain't gonna give a care in the world because I'm happy enjoying my game :) THANKS :D"
,Recommended,292120,12497105,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,hippontherun,"Love the characters, story and soundtrack and also gameplay. port was pretty meh but other than that it's a 8.9/10 from me."
,Recommended,292120,12434767,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FierySunXIII,"The same Final Fantasy XIII that I know and love......BUT on PC!!Forget what other people say,If you really love FF13 then buy this game and forget about what other people say.Some of them are just too nitpicky to enjoy the simple things"
,Recommended,292120,12436572,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kaywin,"I would recommend getting this game if you are just in it for the story and not for the graphic that much. I have problem with stuttering in cut scenes, but I fixed it by plugging in the controller (lol)"
76561198057888301,Not Recommended,292120,12452986,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jonbutler50,"I am running this on with :2GB radeon 86708GB ramAMD 2.5 GH processorAll of the video through out the entire game that I have been able to run without it crashing stutters every second at least.  The farthest that I have been able to get without it crashing is to the second fight.  I would complain about other things but there is enough about that already.  I am just disappointed that I actually spent money on it and waited, all hyped up, for it to come out and this is what I get.I will wait patiently for some kind of update.  I wish that I could program so that I can try some of the mods that people are posting, but alas, I should have spent more money on college.Please fix the game."
,Recommended,292120,12589976,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DestroyerF,Lightning is so pretty :3
,Recommended,292120,12688664,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Rivent,"40 hours’ worth of corridors and automatic battles then another 40 on top for tedious side missions. Despite a whole lot of brooding, the characters did grow on me throughout the campaign. Story and enemies were interesting while sticking to the usual Final Fantasy formula with the usual races making their appearances.My main criticism is that the RPG elements are so lacking that my experience wouldn’t be much different if I had just watched a video with all of the lovely cutscenes consecutively on YouTube. I still think highly of the game though just for being so memorable.…Final Fantasy 9 PC port when?"
76561198060825749,Recommended,292120,12575456,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Zeal,...
,Recommended,292120,12497286,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,NGC Viivi,"Let me just start by saying, the port is perfectly fine. Anyone who is having framerate troubles or drops anywhere must have pretty old hardware because I have no problems whatsoever. Being locked at 720p is no problem for me and the only real downside is the enormous download. Other than those two very small problems, there is no problem with this port, the game runs fine and if you liked it on ps3, you will like it all the same here.tl;dr-The game is a perfectly fine port, all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning is people with low specs/hardware."
76561197984215091,Recommended,292120,12571898,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Foxounet,"Game running at 60fps 1080p using GedoSato + VSync + TripleBuffering activated on Nvidia Inspector, cannot say that about every port and/or badly optimized game so that's quite good actually.Anyway:+Battle System (excellent and very dynamic for an ATB system)+OST+Graphisms (it's a 2010 game !)-Characters: Not as bad as FFXII (looking at you Vaan) but yet...-Story: Quite lackluster and stereotyped...The game is pretty linear too, for the majority of the game, which can be a no-no for certain ""J""-RPG afficionados.Overall I've seen way way way worse games.And there is a badass female cloud (bcauz Cloud should have never been a man amirite) with pink hair."
,Recommended,292120,12577256,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,√(6),I'm pretty much a fan of the series wanted to have another runabout with the series. It doesnt do justice as a port in some cases but at least shows the potential and possibly of future ports that may be possible. A controller isn't a must but always welcome since it very console friendly and steam big picture oriented. If you think its just mindless auto battle it's not after a ceertain point there is some strategy timing and luck involve as you progress further along in the game. Hope to see 13-2 and lighting returns come to steam too later down the line!!1
76561198065125813,Recommended,292120,13315061,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Accelerator,"Best Final Fantasy hands-down. The visuals are spectacular and the music is in a class of its own. The story-line is amazingly enchanting despite being a little difficult to understand at first. The characters all have unique backstories and personalities, though I do wish they didn't include Sazh as a character since he had no business in being in a Final Fantasy game. I just thought he was unnecessary and took away from the splendor of the game. The battles are amazingly fun and visually pleasing. I LOVE the paradigm system and despite people saying the fact you can only control one character is bad, if you did have control over them, this game would not work, since the battles are way too fast paced for the player to be inputting commands for every character.Pros:- Beautiful visuals. In a league of its own.- Superb soundtrack. Nothing can match. Almost every piece custom orchestrated.- Fun, fast-paced battles.- Thrilling storyline.- Very replayable game.Cons:- Sazh and his son.- Very hard to get gil in this game. And when I say hard, I mean prepare to dedicate a lot of time into farming.- Serah is kind of annoying. Snow too."
76561198005302048,Not Recommended,292120,12484539,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FTD.Go_Rush,"i ' m final fantasy fan, FF 7 8 9 10 support all the version,because i like use pc to play it,when i hear ff13 come out from steam,i 'm so excited to bought it, and waiting 1 week more for opening ,use 2 day to download 27gb file,when i try to play it,it only support window MODE!!!i'm so sad on it,for the 1 game,minimum full screen also don't have,this still call is game?"
76561198031099776,Recommended,292120,12484427,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,aeginidae,"Before I started to play, I read the dismal reviews and I went ahead and prepared myself for profound disappointment. I don't have a great system; I'm playing on integrated graphics with a processor that barely exceeds the minimum requirements. I've had a few FPS drops, but whatever. I was expecting an ugly mess, and I got a game that looks a little dated, but hey, it's five years old and still really pretty. The controls for keyboard were well mapped (except the notorious ESC key that exits the game immediately), and I didn't have any issues getting my Logitech F310 to work. Technically, I haven't had any major issues with the game.Next comes the reviled linearity. Personally, I adored Final Fantasy X in all its linear glory, and I'm not finding this any more restricting. There's even a later game area (I'm not sure how late; I'm not finished with the game) with vast areas for open exploration and many side quests. Where it's linear, I haven't felt uncomfortable or boxed in. Rather, where it's opened up, I've felt a little agoraphobic even.The story is perfectly sensible. If you pay attention, things will make sense when they're supposed to (and they won't make sense when they aren't, but rest assured that everything so far has been given a perfectly reasonable explanation). You're dropped into the middle of a confusing situation, the narrative is nonlinear, things are explained very slowly and only when it's necessary, and that's all fine and good storytelling. I personally have not felt confused except where I knew I was supposed to be, and anything that felt out of place or like some ridiculous deus ex machina device has been explained in a totally believable way.I expected the characters to be annoying. I heard that Lightning was intolerably selfish, that Snow was basically a cross between Seifer and Zell from FFVIII, that Hope hopelessly whined all the time, and that Vanille was just utterly obnoxious. I haven't gotten that impression yet. I'm spellbound by the characterization because it's all about how the protagonists are processing traumatic events. Every ostensibly annoying thing each character does is a perfectly realistic response to trauma and the narrative does nothing to hide that. In that sense, it's carrying on the tradition of characterization in nearly every Final Fantasy game since IV -- creating strong characters out of their responses to past and present trauma.I know I haven't really covered everything about this game, but I can definitely give it my highest recommendation despite not having played all the way through yet. If you're hesitating because of negative reviews, I say give it a try -- it's very inexpensive compared to the original price on the PS3. If the graphics bother you, there are apparently unofficial fixes, though I haven't even thought to look them up yet. It's a great game with good pacing, compelling characters, and a fast-paced though expansive storyline."
76561198033536201,Recommended,292120,12483505,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,_unlimited8,I was expecting a visual improvement to at lease support 1080p. Videos could use a better encoding algorithm... Graphics optimizations could be a lot better. Camera rotations are too slugish and no vsync makes it even worst in occasions. I'm hoping for an update patch to address these issues and continue to pass it on to the next releases that are suppose to come out soon. One should not depend on third party programs or force it using graphics panel utilities. I still recommend the game due to the complexity of the engine and some aspects of the game that I personally like.
76561198089314630,Recommended,292120,12518172,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Solaires,Great storyline and the character development is very realistic in the sense that the character's have conflict. Seeing how each characther's conflicting emotions and need to overcome differences and create a connection to overcome various hardships make this a great story. The gameplay is a bit linear but the battle system and challenges for fighting tough monsters make this game pretty good. You might have more difficulty with drops from enemies but this game promises hours of gameplay if your not just after the story. i would say to 100% complete this game it would probably take about 120 hours at least gameplay.
,Recommended,292120,12441855,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,𝔅Ƭ | Neph,"Worked perfectly for me, regularly played it the 720 p and resolution didn't bother me at all since I'm not a elitest. Better than the PS3 and 360 version that's a certain. Now with the mod that unlocks the 720 p (screenshot on profile) it looks even better. The game itself is very different from other final fantasys but in no means a bad game, just not a Final Fantasy game."
76561198033470545,Recommended,292120,23673244,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,C. Viper,"Great strategy, graphics and world."
,Recommended,292120,12489483,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Тапок в говне,"If you are playing on PS3, it's a great game.If you are playing on PC, it's a great game digged in the pile of SHIТ!"
,Recommended,292120,17114685,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Robbi,"Leider Geil, auch wenn das Battlesystem komplett anders ist, als ich es von den alten Teilen gewohnt war.Story war am Anfang verwirrend, hat sich mit der Zeit dann aber gebessert :)"
,Not Recommended,292120,22922130,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,エッチ猫,"This is my first time to play FF Series and this is my review from my HEART!!!I play until Chapter 11 and I feel bad with the game so much because of!!! ****ING BATTLE SYSTEM !!!- When switching role during battle ****ing camera focus on each character and they will get heavy damage during they are doing a pose AND DIEE!!!.- No formation, it depend on LUCK!!!! that how character standingif luckily they are separate they will not take serious damage by enemy AOE magic or physical attacking.if not DOOOOOOM!!!- Condition of game over is annoying a lot, if leader is die then game over even other member is survived or not(With my comments above)- Not fair magic skill, I observe for a long time during I play the game some of AOE magic (for example, Thundera, Fira, Watera) For player them they just doing damage while the enemy side can make INTERUPT!!!!Some battles I engage with 6-7 monsters and all of them have this AOE magic skill. I always get interupt and cannot even to heal myself and finally DIE~~~ because I always got interupt.- Potion is useless in the endgameI play until chapter 11, I have only healing item [Potion] only which can heal for 150HP.I never found greater grade one. Does it have only point?????- everything in the game looks very linear and limitation of resourceIt is very different from other RPG games that I cannot farm or leveling my character. Beating monster just receive only Skill point no money and items (it also drop but very low chance)- I cannot distingush between useful spoils and useless spoilsWhen I receive some spoils from monsters.I don't know which one is for crafting, which one is for selling, and which one for upgrading gears."
,Recommended,292120,12995627,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lu✗,Protips : Don't complain because you're mentally challenged and hit the esc key repeatedly.
76561198103770219,Recommended,292120,12770208,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Frosty,"I've enjoyed this port, but, as so many other posters have said, without Durante, this would've been a very problematic port.The graphics hold up significantly better than games made significantly more recently than FFXIII, so that's certainly a positive.  The characters' stories are better than are advertised overall.  The linearity is only an issue if you've become used to open world games.  If this is your the first FF game you've played, a lot of the complaints by FF series veterans won't really apply."
,Recommended,292120,12788320,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,cancius,"My amount of time spent in this game says it all.Pros: Very good graphics (yes, they are not the best, 720p, but really good for a ff), very entertaining, a brilliant story and great post-game events like the cieth missions.Cons: Story too linear, except chapter 11"
,Recommended,292120,12840677,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Momentum92,"Nice.Beatiful graphics, without demanding extreme hardware requirements.Love it much. :)"
76561198014869656,Recommended,292120,12770409,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kaynos,Finished the game on the 360 loved it to death.  Bought it the day of release on PC and just finished it again.  Great GREAT game.  A must for any RPG fan.  Cant wait for 13-2 on PC.
,Recommended,292120,12782895,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Leadergo,"Like most 13 players will admit to, this game is very linear. Follow a path, kill monsters, fight a boss, next chapter, rinse and repeat. Up until you get to Gran Pulse, which is like 20-25 hours into the game, then the game gets more open world-ish and some grind may be needed to max out your stats in the Crystarium.Personally, I enjoyed this game a lot since I wanted to experience an RPG story without having to tryhard to kill enemies and bosses. I never liked having to grind a dozen hours to get enough stats to kill a boss or something, so I definitely like this game. Despite the game being locked at 720p, the visuals are absolutely breathtaking, with the sole exception to Square Enix designing the character fingers hotdog shaped. The music is fantastic and adds so much to the environment.The battle mechanics are really interesting with the introduction of the paradigm system (role system, like attacker, healer, etc) and return of the ATB system. At first you can pretty much breeze through the first few bosses on a couple of paradigms, but later on you may have to craft some different paradigms to suit the needs of a particular situation (Barthandelus battle).From all of the FF games I've played, 13 is one of the easiest, so it's great for the casual gamer who wants to enjoy a sci-fi esque story while not having to worry about grinding like crazy.TL;DR: Great visuals, great music, easy game, very linear, little to no grind, somewhat confusing story."
,Recommended,292120,12451056,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,I Lost My Bagel,"People are giving this port a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is no worse than the ports of Final Fantasy VII and VIII, but people don't want to give those games crap. They want to step on Final Fantasy XIII. The game plays really well even without a controller (it is better with one). Even though you can't change the graphic settings the game looks amazing. You don't need graphic settings for every game that exists. The combat is better than almost any JRPG on Steam. The voice acting is great (I've only played with Japanese audio with English subtitles). I would also like to point out that many of the top reviews do not have very much play time so they can't judge the game correctly.The Final Fantasy XIII port isn't the best port possible but still deserves a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,292120,13317185,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RosutoHane,With latest fix game runs smoothly 1080p@60fps.
76561197999552631,Recommended,292120,13320874,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Frogfish,"With the December update, XIII looks better than ever. Just like in The Last Remnant, the attention to detail in every wall and floor and lush plant is amazing. They have an extremely talented group of artists that make every battle a delight to witness, and every step you take filled with intricate little details that are easy to overlook, but amazing to study once noticed. You don't control every move for each member in your group, you assign them class roles and let them do thier thing. Usually it's helpful, sometimes they do things that make no sense in the moment, like casting a lightning protection spell on each member becuase the single creature you are fighting uses lighthing, even though just adding water to everyones attack would take it out within half a minute. I'm playing on easy so I can get through the story line and start on XIII-2, so every battle is fun and slightly challenging, but not frustrating or needing super studying and planning and perfecting your loadout. I prefer it that way. The last detail I made sure of was to use Japanese voices with subtitles. Just like in my anime, I find the Japanese voice actors to be leagues ahead of the English speaking talent. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to any RPG enthusiast, especially anyone that loves Final Fantasy and Square Enix."
76561198060806210,Not Recommended,292120,13804812,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ryan,"Whatever happened to the fantasy part in Final Fantasy?. Final Fantasy IX was the last real good  Final Fantasy ( best story,music,characters,mood,humor,battle design,skills,world map,towns,airship)."
76561198169921233,Not Recommended,292120,23883785,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DarkLordTaterTot,"Literally play any other Final Fantasy game (that isn't in the XIII trilogy) because this game is not good. Boring characters, insanely linear, needlessly complex story and battles that just require to to press 'A'EDIT: the truth hurts, dont it?"
,Recommended,292120,23009053,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,YinAndYangAndZen,Very cool game!! Sick graphics!! :)
,Recommended,292120,34812842,Posted: 8 September,all,Fnuh,"When I play this, I'm ""lightning"" fast. HUEHUEHUE"
,Recommended,292120,26225019,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Kozlowski,One of the greatest FINAL FANTASY of all time!100/10
76561198000036727,Recommended,292120,12634806,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,xykynan,"People complain about the linearity of this game, but is it really different than any other Final Fantasy? An open world gives the illusion of choice, but the plot of every Final Fantasy game is linear. Rather than letting us ""decide"" whether to get lost on the world map or not, Final Fantasy XIII gives us interesting tactical choices. Every weapon you find can become an ultimate weapon. Every character is different and useful. The great feeling of trying out parties made up of different roles has been boiled down the core mechanic and we can make this decision many times per battle.I don't think the linearity hurts FFXIII in any way. Rather, I think the useless decisions have been removed and we're left with just the interesting ones."
,Recommended,292120,12436790,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GKChannel,"Totally, Final Fantasy 13 is port to PCI have waited for 5 years."
,Recommended,292120,12437509,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Durable,i don't know...people say this game is badbut i think it not that badi enjoy playing this game without any problem after follow this threadhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/292120/discussions/0/613938693083705359/
,Recommended,292120,12446999,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Purim,"Final Fantasy - awesome as usual.You might need some time to get used to the new, faster fighting system, but when you finally get a hand to it, you are gonna enjoy it real quick."
76561197985371958,Recommended,292120,12575249,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,PhysicxInc.-*,"The game is epic and hard to stop playng it if you start.for a player who dont know the other FF series its a BIG CONFUSE STORY at the begin without kontext and anything, but early you get a feeling for the story and the character and it rocks more and more.The graphics sucks if you dont configurate it but if you have it.. its WOW (Configurate it with GeDoSaTo to 1080p,high res and fullscreen).And for 13€ for this long cinematic epic movie/game by far fairpay BUY IT!"
,Recommended,292120,12638196,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,xsleepypanda,"I know that most of you aren't a fan of the linear system in this game.  I give you warning that this game is heavily story based rather than game feature.  If you want to be indulge in a Final Fantasy story and you don't mind the game's linear system.  I would recommend this game.  It sounds a little bias since I myself am a Final Fantasy fan.  I don't like to look at the bad things about Final Fantasy.  Just appreciate the game for what it is.  But if you think you're 60+ hours is worth more for doing other things, I won't stop you.  If you want good gameplay, I recommend you play the Final Fantasy XIII: Lightning Returns (Third installation to the FFXIII franchise)."
,Recommended,292120,12638538,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Luminos,"I don't really care if they say this is a bad port from ps3 or xbox360 because it doesn't have Graphic option which is common to all PC game and we can only enjoy it in 720p (there's a mod to make it up to 4K), at least it runs in 60fpsIf there is anything i hate in this game, it is battle system.I spent over 80 hours to play this game, all i did was building characters and paradigm (roles in battle). In battle, i just kept hitting Auto-battle, an option to automatically choose abilities to fight against your enemies base on what you had learnt about them (their weakness, immunity, resistance,...). If their info remains unknown to you, choosing Auto-battle will randomly choose abilities which allow you to learn more about them and sometimes give you disadvantage (there's also a technique called Libra and an item called Librascope, by using them you can learn everything about your enemies immediately), there's also Abilities option which allows you to choose abilities manually if you know what to do, when you face enemies who you learnt everything about them, Auto-battle might be the best option to beat them faster, but it just make the game easier and more boring, it feels like you're not actually the one who play the game but the system itself.Despite of battle system, i still many things in this game like story, soundtrack, cinematics,... Some people say the story is confusing but i don't think it is, cause i don't want any spoiler here. If you want to know more and even enjoy the game, buy then play it."
76561198073467099,Recommended,292120,13376941,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Einar,"Love this game.Just to throw it out there, yes, this is a linear Final Fantasy but the story & characters are beautiful, well, most of the characters. The story can throw you off at times (a little bit confusing) but overall it really does consume you.Battles are fun & fast paced but are heavily automated. You only control 1 of your 3 party members in battle, and even then you're mostly just going to be spamming A (auto attack). Strategy is added to the game however with the introduction of the paradigm system, at least for boss battles anyway, you're gonna need a plan.Don't play easy mode, normal mode isn't rediculously difficult, plus your drop rates are downgraded on easy mode & you can always switch between difficulty if you do get stuck.The resolution & shadow/AA additions are also a sweet new addition to the PC edition, making the version look noticeably better than just a console port. Frame rates aren't the best, even on a high-end PC like mine, but it should never drop below 30hz (which is faster than what you could achieve on the consoles!).Great soundtrack, but do I really need to remind you that it's a Final Fantasy?Buy this before 13-2... or any other game for that matter!"
,Recommended,292120,13404924,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Shadow_Hunter28,Just finished the game. Booyah :-PMy review for this game would rate 8/10.I liked the story. The mechanics were good and should be better in XIII-2 so hopes up :-).SE patched the game and it plays very good on my rig.So last but not least my final conclusion for this game is very positive.
76561198108662423,Recommended,292120,13289683,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,fromthedepthsbelow,"After finally playing this game on all 3 platforms (xb360, ps3, pc) I will say this, PC > PS3 > Xbox360 for this title. I don't have an amazing computer compared to whats out now, but this game looks and plays fantastic on PC compared to the other 2 versions. The 50 gig install of the game is huge , but wow, no loading, smooth transitions and JAPANESE voice option! Did I mention the JAPANESE voice option? Now I don't have to listen to Hope whine like an American ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the whole game again. Quick review for those still reading....+ Graphics 10/10 production value is through the roof like most Square titles+ Music 10/10 well done! Its not Nobuo but its really well done. When you can hum the battle tune at work, its good.+ Story 8/10 confusing at times, but not too cliche.+ Characters 7/10 I would give this a 9 or maybe a 10 if Hope didn't exsist. I wanted Snow or Lighting to punch him in the face in every cutscene.- Gameplay 5/10 Nothing new or outstanding here. After you get to a certain point in the game and over power your characters, it can play itself .- Replay 6/10 I never finished this game on the XBox360. Compared to the PS3 version it looked aweful and having 3 discs ....... I finished the game 2 times on the PS3 and I had to force myself to get to chapter 11 the second time. I am looking forward to comparing the Japanese voice acting though as my (technically) 4rth time through.I have been a Final Fanatsy fan since the Super Nintendo days. I Love the music and the production value of these titles. Over the years though they have gotten weaker and weaker. Unfortunately, Final Fantasy XIII cannot stand up to most of the older titles, but it does a great job in bringing new fans to the series. (Opinion alert)Plus, Lighting and Snow are badasses. Its is a great price, for how much time you can put into this game and the fact that it didn't come out at $60 still shocks me. Pick this up! Have some fun! When you get a chance buy Final Fantasy III , IV, VII and VIII on Steam! Crossing my fingers for the Final Fantasy X and X-2 HD remakes to make it to PC."
,Not Recommended,292120,28321263,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,OGlikeNES,Don't buy this if you have AMD processor and a R9 380. The game runs but the frames drop so low that its pointless to play.
,Not Recommended,292120,13803247,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Freddy Fainda,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.
76561198078960105,Not Recommended,292120,28696179,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jerle,Very poor port of the game.If you start the game up with no controller plugged into the game it WILL lag every 2 seconds.If you are like me and use a PC b/c you prefer to game with keyboard/mouse and have no controller then you are boned.
76561198020631659,Recommended,292120,12982211,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Snowsky X7,"I have loved this game. Everything about it attracts me. The soundtrack, the environments the story, the characters and of course the combat system. I would definitely recommend it to someone who can appreciate a good game."
,Recommended,292120,13060277,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kelpy G,"Despite bring 50~ GB's in size, the game run well (Even on my 4 year old laptop).The game itself is a port from console, so the controls are funky."
,Recommended,292120,12435440,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ghoul Next Door,"There's no windowed full screen option, otherwise the game runs perfectly. I have 2 monitors, so windowed full screen is very important, but it's not the end of the world. Alt-tab has yet to crash the game or cause any problems at all. This is more than I expect from most full screen games, so it is a bit impressive. Also the game required no intervention on my part to get it running. The controller worked without a hitch. IM LOOKING AT YOU DEAD RISING 2, PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!I remember having to play with english audio on the 360 version. The Japanese audio makes a lot more sense for the characters and animations, and having the option to play with japanese audio is very nice. Vanille and Hope are a lot less annoying now - or maybe they aren't at all annoying and my opinion is anchored to my initial impression from the english version.Can't wait to get some time to actually play this. :DThought I'd write a review, since this game has been getting a lot of criticism from some hive-mind♥♥♥♥♥♥ I suggest not letting mob mentality or decentralized decision making get the better of you."
,Recommended,292120,12464922,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kim Luc Un,"I have seen allot of people complaining about the 720p 60 fps lock (and they should)But aside from the complaining about the resolution I haven’t read a lot of reviews about the game itself which is a shame, because of the following:- The Voice acting (Japanese and English) is truly amazing- The music (like almost every Final Fantasy) is once more very good and highly addictive- Allot of fun and different characters!- even though the graphics problem the cut scenes (and there are a lot of them) are most of the times breathtakingly beautiful- And most important: the story (10/10)And graphics wise, nothing a quick mod can fix. Proof:http://i.imgur.com/qNEcaRC.jpgthat’s 4K"
,Recommended,292120,12459068,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Akaru,I've been playing Final Fantasy games since I was a little kid and so far I've never played I disliked yet. This one might not be like the others as it is very linear but the music and the story (IMO) is not too bad.  It's worth a try!
,Recommended,292120,12441221,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,nanaelsh,60 FPS and delicious armpits.  Who could ask for anything more?
,Recommended,292120,13254676,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Jonah98,"First of all,the game has some amazing graphics and Great story!!!! Just before you buy, you should know that a controller is a must for this game since the keyboard controls are bad. 10/10"
,Recommended,292120,12997703,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,dragon_blade,Well i guess it is time to review this one. After playing on the 360 and ps3 there is a lot to say On the 360 version i have about 50 or so hours in. On the ps3 version i  have about 120 hours in. so far this version about 54 hours in/ so i have some experiance with this game.Ill get straight to the point. Launch was not great for this game on the pc. Square failed at making a port by not giving us graphical options and locking the game at 720. ESC actually did what it is ment for but with no warning that the game was closing.Slowly square is fixing these issues so by the time you are reading this the game will probebly have graphic options 1080p ect.Gameplay is your normal turn based final fantasy except in battle your tecnically controlling one character. However there is stradegy in the game you can just go into battle and mash the a button and hope to win it doed not work like that. You have to judge what you need to do ahead of time. You need to know what each class does and you need to know a good combination of classes for the situation your in.Eidolan battles in the game are arguably the hardest in the game as you have to do a spasific thing to the gage to fill.Graphically this game is amazing a high level of detai and great music as well voice acting is not have bad so i am honestly not sure why people complained about no japaenese acting it just made the game a bigger file size for those who did not care.The reason the game is so large is because of the pre renendered cut scenes and the audio files are not compressed. though compressing the audio files would most likly makes it sound disorted over all though it is a good game. For those that have not played it yet you should. don't let the negetivity stop you from buying it. Though you may want a bigger HDD and unlimited internet  ;)
76561198022605600,Recommended,292120,13409315,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,bjw007wstp,The game is still glitchy. Im hoping that it will run smoother. I even put the graphics all the way down and it still runs kinda awful.
,Recommended,292120,23289456,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cegluk Cegluk,Good game....
,Not Recommended,292120,23424262,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Alien Cat,Glorified tunnel simulator.
76561198067458486,Not Recommended,292120,23966567,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Valkywrite,"Unfortunately, this game is unbelievably glitchy for PC, so much so that after 5 hours of uninterrupted play, the save decided to glitch again and I had to reset and start all over. Would not recommend just because of the glitchiness, specifically regarding the Human Interface Device problems, god. Couldn't even get a frigging refund. Just buy a PS3 and play. :("
,Not Recommended,292120,17390776,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Cadite,"Tried this game out, didn't get all too far into the game but I felt that it didn't deserve my time. I have no doubt that it could get really good later on but that's not something I want to spend several hours to find out.First off, the combat was pretty decent. I like how it made a difference where the enemies was at the moment your character used an AoE attack as that made things a little bit more dynamic although only controlling one character in a Final Fantasy game like this isn't that much fun it was acceptable.What made me refund this game was a few things like the score system after a fight; why am I getting score for a fight in a rpg that doesn't translate into EXP or anything? I'm not collecting a highscore as far as I could see and after a short google session I found out that I couldn't even earn EXP until chapter 3 or so, so what place has the score in this RPG?Also the story and the characters in the beginning, Lightning was a typical ♥♥♥♥♥ - something that's not all too strange for  someone to be in a Final Fantasy game, but why does she start the game of by being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at everyone, even someone that's helping you like the guy that fights together with her(forgot his name, but he was aside from Snow the only character I liked from the time I played. Also having a Chocobo living in your hair is awesome and cute).And you just get thrown into an event that has no context for you as a player and you're expected to just accept it that ""Those are the bad guys that you have to stop"" without even knowing who they are.My verdict of this game is 3/10, something I'm sad to give to a Final Fantasy game as I'm a big fan of the series."
76561197970778729,Not Recommended,292120,13750925,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,meanmax,"Crappy port, contorller dont work, worst is the camera dont work at all, keep your hard earn money and stay away from this piece of crap"
,Recommended,292120,25139576,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,hsien-ko,"-NOTE- this rating is temporaryI haven't finished the game yet, so bear with me.anyways, final fantasy xiii trilogy (specifically xiii-2) were the first ff games i'd played, well, not this one, i had yet to play it. the story so far is okay, the battle system is good, graphics are great for the time it was released in, but the overworld?absolutely terrible.it'ssolinear. i've never felt more bored in an overworld, i mean, sometimes the road isliterallya line. but like i said, i haven't finished the game, so i wouldn't know about the rest of it."
,Recommended,292120,13308395,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Y O K E,One of the best games I have ever played.Awesome soundtrack too10/10 would love watching Vanille running. <3
,Recommended,292120,13216102,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rexxel,"Of course this game is a type of ""Like it or hate it"", and i'm one of the guys to choose to like this game, so the reason beyond that choice, i'm going to tell them all below:Pros :- Characters, yea i'm not going to lie, i really like the characters, and my favorite is Snow, serah, and Noel (XIII-2). i just dont know the reason why people hate those characters. They are well made by SE for me.- Story, people say the story is confusing, not good, hard to understand, mediocre, bla bla blah... well it's just for people who just play it and didn't really try to think with how to blend the story for them, they just judge it with a flash. well for me, first while playing this game i don't understand what is it about, l'cie? cieth? fal'cie? what happened? well after playing and playing with trying hard to understand, i can finally know what's the meaning of the story, and it's great. in a rating maybe it's 7.5/10 though, but still great for story, especially seeing that Snow's story haha.- Combat/Battle system, yea it's just fun great battle, it's more fast paced unlike the older FF where it's a little slow and a little unlogic battle (anyway it's still fun, i'm not hating the older FF) while this one's battle system is more active like on a real fighting battle and more of a logic for fighting ( for me ). well anyway if only SE could make a little challenge for the battle system like adding maybe some MP, so using magics will be limited, so items are usefull in the game.- Graphic, damn you all can see it the graphic for a 2009-2010 era graphics, it's an eye candy and the motion of their face are like very lively.- Music, well i don't know why people didn't get soooo much interest in the OST of FF XIII unlike on the older FF, maybe because the FF XIII name got like ugly on public that makes people not trying to touch some great feature on FF XIII like the music. It's cool you know, especially i really love the prelude ( opening ), the battle themes ( almost all of them ), and some other themes.Cons  :- The gameplay linier from the beginning chapter to chapter 11 ( the end of linierity ), this game just keep on forcing you to just rush all way to the front while fighting the enemies again and again sometimes boring enemy repetitive.- No towns, like this is not an usual RPG that have been played by people, cuz people expected RPG to have some towns, shops, different shop location with different items each placed or maybe some hidden good shop, instead an all-in-one shop in a save point that doesnt really make sense ( even though it's a fantasy..) and the upgrade on the save point, really -_-- I hate the idea of no COOL CHALLENGING BOSS!! oh c'mon that's some thing that MUST have on RPG, well for me haha. i know there is Cid Rayne, but that's just a normal boss, not really challenging. What i mean by challenging is like a post game boss that's is humanoid and a little cool, just like you make for Kingdom Hearts :( aw cmon, like Vanitas remnant, sephiroth, Lingering Will (Terra), Roxas (KH2FM+), and some other ones..- The Ending Cutscene of the game, well the stories and cutscenes in the beginning and middle game is good u know, but after hours of playing to see the ending, it's kind of dissapointing, like it's just like that ending, especially on the later game (FF XIII-2 i mean it)..- The equipment and status uncomplexity, well maybe for you guys this doesn't really bother, but for me it really bothers me for realll. Look the equipment, only weapon, and accessories?? wazaaa????? cmon where is the little complex equipment for them, for each char, and i'm complaining the status too dude, only STR MAG HP and ELEMENTAL/STATUS RESISTANCE. For what is that resistance if the equipment isn't that much complex, like at least add armor, or something for more customization equipment, so each character have VERY different statuses. oh god SE you ruin one of my very favorite FF series T_T i really love the chars and musics actually ...- From what i know, this game FF XIII is an anti mini game game.. The mini game in this game is where hope use the juggernaut for cleaning the way. But that's not a repeatable mini-game, like for what is that, not really important with that juggernaut mini-game, i hope for more detail on it, like you got some badass good important item for destroying a certain amount kill. I forgot which is the other mini-game or maybe only that...- Eidolons not very useful throughout the game, oh really like how much do you rely your fighting using eidolons...especially bosses, cuz eidolons is just a crap weak being -_-That's the pros and cons of the games i wrote based on MY opinion, as you can see the CONS is more than the PROS, but but but, the pros is  more complex from what you see unlike the cons, and i still would recommend this game for real, if you are a type of someone who loves cool characters, stories, battle though..That's my opinion, sorry if there is some hard to understand sentence on my review, so... What's your opinion?? Hope it's some positive :D"
,Recommended,292120,13359153,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dystasia,"After graphics options where added, I could honestly say, this is indeed a port I wish it would have been released way earlier than it did (hoping the same for new releases). Square Enix is doing some amazing work with all the games they have been releasing/porting for PC so far. I will give this a 10 out of 10 not only because the game is good (underrated as well) but also because of the novelty decision of bringing FF games such as this series to PC. This is a huge step forward to the removal of game exclusivity.Keep up the good work."
76561198050326896,Recommended,292120,13268192,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Excelsior,awesome game clocked over 200 hours on ps3 and 150 hours on xbox to nows date i have clocked 90 hours on steam (I am taking my time with this play thru ;) )
,Recommended,292120,12918292,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blini the Kot,"After install and play it, this my opinion about this gamePros :- Specs friendly, this game doesnt need an expensive rig- the battle system is intersting , totally different from other turn-based RPG that i have played beforeDespite its lacks in- Limited resolution- Unstable FPS / Strutteringthe game is still enjoy to play, and dont worry, SE will always improve it"
76561198098778061,Not Recommended,292120,12987552,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,auron321,"Worst Final Fantasy ever.I won't say much - a lot of comments from different people, from different ages and countries already... - the plot is awful, and linear approach in everything - from ""leveling"" to going further makes me dizzy.Chocobo World 8 bit mini game is even more interesting."
76561198020398177,Not Recommended,292120,12989427,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CraymelCage,Another horrible port from square enix. Don't support this lack luster effort.
76561198090299972,Recommended,292120,12476783,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Quadra,Finally on PC . hope Final Fantasy XV also available on steam
,Recommended,292120,12501820,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,𝓂𝒾𝓈𝓉𝒶𝓀𝑒𝓈,"good game, but vanile is my waifu"
76561198035552649,Recommended,292120,12439423,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,drummingdemon,"Do not listen to the nay-sayers and the bashers. It is another great Final Fantasy game which finally runs on PC. Currently, it is locked to 720p resolution. On the flipside, the render resolution for both the XBOX360 and PS3 was the same if I recall correctly. Let me tell you one thing: I've tried to play this game on the 360 a couple of years back - and it suffered from spontaneous freezes and lockups - just google it if you will. Now, I'm able to play this game without having to worry that it'll randomly freeze on me. It might not be a perfect, flawless port, but it runs without lag or hiccups on my iMac that has a  GeForce 640M (i'm playing it BootCamped to Windows 8.1). The reason behind me writing a review is that this game deserves credit and we should really show Square-Enix that we are willing to play their masterpieces on PC given the price is right - and c'mon, paying around 10 EUR for this is more than a bargain. Looking forward to the other two parts of the triology, and also count me in for FF XII or FF XV for that matter."
,Recommended,292120,12454703,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Red Loup,"There are some problems with this game. Like needed to get a mod to fix the resulation and also that if you hit the ESC key it quits the game.But personality, I love this game. I am very happy that it is on Steam and I been playing whenever i get the chance. It is one of the best FF games i know of."
76561198112908917,Recommended,292120,12504434,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Alpharr,"The graphics are seamless and flawless, the characters , the story, etc I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561198025071240,Recommended,292120,12503791,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Deja Drew,"The port as its sold isn't that great. Very limited resolution, no video options, and controller schemes are a little confusing at first.   Download a program called GeDosAToTool - this will allow for much nicer resolution and effects.  After I got that set up and my xbox controller working the game has been great. Looks much better than 360 / ps3 did and I have ran in to no crashes."
76561198059707749,Recommended,292120,12439634,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,wishmythos,I've had absolutely no issues with the game.  It plays just fine.
,Recommended,292120,12445467,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,.I.,"i don't know why all negative review,i can enjoy the great graphics on my 1366 X 768 monitor,didnt notice the framedrop or stuttering,accidentally press escape once, and learn not to press the button afterwards.and while the beginning of the games really is boring and hard to understandeventually it gets betterso if you enjoy the previous ff titles and never play ffxiii before, definitely get this one.SE please bring ffX and xii please :)"
,Recommended,292120,12458520,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nightray,"This is a very good and solid jRPG title that has been awfully ported to PC. It is a real shame that SE released a broken and unplayable game thatcommunity managed to fix within two hours from the release.Yes, the community fixed the game with GeDoSaTo and you can play it with 16:9 resolution. Texture quality is still 720p, but lets be honest, we all played worst looking games then this one; and with this price tag it is not that bad of a deal regardless.As for the other issues:Frame rate is dropping below 60fps.It is dropping below 60fps, but never below 30fps, and given the nature of this game, the frame rate doesn't really matter. This is not a first person shooter that requires high precision, this is a turn base combat game, for crying out loud, and as long as you are above 30fps you'll be fine.ESC quits/crashes the game without saving.As far as I can tell there is a working solution to this issue, I have never tested it, I am using a controller.There are no tool tips for Xbox controller.Wrong. There are, you just have to go to the in game settings menu and turn them on. The game does not switch automatically when the controller is detected.Is the game worth it?Yes, it is. But be advised:First two chapters are boring and annoying. You are thrown into the middle of things, you have no idea who your character is, who the other characters are, you have no idea what is going on, and the game tries really hard not to explain you anything whatsoever and to confuse you even further. Also, majority of that time you will spend on controlling Snow and Vanille, because playing as Lightening is too mainstream.During those two chapters you are constantly interrupted by cutscenes and battles. Battles are especially annoying because you have one fight every 5 seconds, the battle is one hit = one kill so it is usually over after (literally) 3 seconds and on top of that you are forced to watch unskipable intro and unskipable statistics screen every single time which adds another 5-10 seconds to each battle.After 2-3 hours you are in the 3rd chapter gaining access to Crystarium (magic) and the fun begins. Battles are longer and more challenging, killing monsters is more rewarding and the game finally starts to explain the story. Unfortunately, the game insist on being painfully linear to the point where you cannot even choose your team and the party leader.Aside of that, it is a solid title, grab it if you enjoy this genre, you'll not be disappointed.Also, shame on SE for this laughable port. If the community managed to fix the game in two hours there is no excuse for releasing it in this miserable state."
,Recommended,292120,12465322,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Volg Shan,the pro: with a outside source you can make this game look extremely pretty.the con: Everyone in your friendslist will make fun of you for playing this or think your trolling.
76561198078262261,Recommended,292120,12439601,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,XvXUrbanNinja,SUTCH A GREAT GAME...  It need more dev in the controls but its still a great experince. sutch a great game for a good price.
,Recommended,292120,12455656,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hitude,"I grew up with this game and so far i've played FF VIII, IX, X and XII. I would say that im a fan of the series, just maybe not a fanatic one. FF XII its different from the rest of the series, if you played all of them you know that SE its always trying to improve the FF series and trying different things its always risky. FF XIII its not a perfect game, but its a good one. The combat system its a improvement but i'd rather choose what all my characters do it. This doesnt mean that the combat system its bad, it just has space to be better.The port its a bad one, 49gb download with low resolution and bad on keyboard controls. Luck we have a mod to fix the resolution and i have a controller to play just like in the console. Considering that this game was one of the first games on PS3 i didint get mad about it but id rather see a better job next time.Im still playing so i will not tell anything about the story just yet.I think this game worth it buying, just low your expectations, the other FFs are better."
76561198158630579,Recommended,292120,12541308,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lejon,"I can recommend this game to people that loves the Final Fantasy world. Those that plays games for story and some old school rpg combat. The music is fantasic. To me this game has a place in my heart where i keep all my final fantasy games and memories. You love it or hate it but one can't ""not""appriciate the beauty of this kind of fantasy!"
,Recommended,292120,12632451,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Fei Long Huang,"What I like:- A port to PC (FINALLY!!!) for someone who's beyond reach for any consoles- Battle system (More strategic factors involved: timing, position, skill & abilities combinations, ....)- Music- Scene & atmosphere- Graphics (Few years old and still looks great, at least for me)- Japanese voice actors sounds great (can't comment on other language since mine is Japan/Asia version)What I dislike:- Limited settings options for a PC port- Personally feels that not enough exploring space- Limited NPC interaction- No option to view item models in detail (only viewable through battle sequence?)Neutral:- Linear storyline- ""Level up"" system (Like for I can choose what stats/skills to progress first, dislike for being fixed when everything maxed out in the end)Overall:Like it, enjoy it, looking forward for XIII-2 and Lightning Returns. Hopefully SquareEnix recognizes the flaws in this PC port and makes the subsequent release better."
,Recommended,292120,12472657,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ottman,This game is awesome. Square needs to fix the resolution. But for now I just use the GeDoSaTo patch program.Plays great on my 50 inch tv with Xbox 360 controller. Keep the Final Fantasies coming Square! Now I can't wait for Final Fantasy XV for the PC I sure hope they release it. Thanks Valve for SteamOS I believe more devs will support PC now.
,Recommended,292120,12579472,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,die-ratte-mann,"Journey through Cocoon and Gran Pulse once again with Lightning waifu.Sigh constantly as Hope finds new ways to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the player.Find out what Final Fantasy would be like when set within a hallway!Presented in stunning 720p, sporting resolutions that don't fit most modern monitors. A technical marvel, and don't forget the extensive graphical options, jokes! There isn't any!Graphical ♥♥♥♥ery aside, still a very decent game. Beware the 60gb size.Also Chapter 11 redeems the otherwise linear navigation."
,Recommended,292120,12439699,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,VeNoM,"UPDATED:THE GAME IS AWESOME, PERFECT STORY JUST BUY IT ALREADY !October 10:Ok its not the best way to bring it to PC but with GeDoSaTo res fix i really enjoying this game fps drops are not that bad for me barely noticeable. Big thanks to Durante cause one more time after the Dark Souls he came up with a pre alpha huge mod that fixed the resolution and thanks to Square for havent forgotten about us.. the PC users.RATING: 10/10"
,Recommended,292120,12470995,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Eidorb,"Will preface this saying that it isn't a BAD port, but it is a bit of a lazy one. It operates almost indentically to the console version and for all intents and purposes works perfecly well, but the resolution lock and the bizarre rarity of framerates above 30fps let it down. You can do some manual tweaks via your GPU control panel to bump the framerate a bit, and GeDoSaTo can be easily applied to increase the resolution to your liking, but really options like this should be in the game's graphics settings already.That being said, if we're to judge the game on its merits, whilst it's seen as a bit of a black sheep of the FF family, it IS a well made game with some properly stunning visuals and an interesting fast-paced combat system. The game world has some very intriguing lore and the story in general is quite good, but do keep in mind that it's quite a linear game and you don't really get to explore much.So yeah, a good game that got a serviceable, if lacking, port."
76561198062860587,Recommended,292120,12502931,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Mc pastorn,love the game it is wonderful. but i want 1080 and more graphics options not because my computer is bad but to VSYNC for my fps to ♥♥♥♥up and it is not possible to switch off the :( but the game is damn good the rest is to die for. played get 100 of 10 points
,Recommended,292120,12580128,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mirana Renatha,confusing story but graphics killer which make you eyegasm...... very love the graphic and loghtning chan too xD
,Recommended,292120,12440780,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ARMRgarden,"If you download and play the game as is, it's still plays and looks great. In fact, it's the exact same experience for the most part as everyone got on PS3 and XBox (720p upscaled). As of the writing of this review there are Resolution and graphics fixes linked on the community hub page that does 1080p beautifully with added effects. If you download and use that (GeDoSaTo), which is super easy, then you get the full PC experience that really should be available by default. Game companies do need to understand what PC gamers expect and adding some graphics options is just common sense...that has eluded SE for the most part.This game has an awesome story and the gameplay is fun and addictive. The battle system is traditional JRPG for the most part and is very accessible for all gamers. It's also a very deep combat system if you explore the nuances. The cut scenes are top notch. The voive acting is great in english and japanese. Keep in mind that due to the inclusion of Japenes audio it's a 60GB file. Also has to do with the vast number of HD cutscenes.The game opens up around Chapter 11 for all you looters and grinders. The character trees upgrade stats and earn you spells based on CP points eraned through combat. Weapons are upgraded through components, some more rare than others. This is where the game shines and allows for hours of maxing stats and hunting. Get the Gamefaqs and get it going!All around definitely worth getting, even considering the resolution issue. I understand why people put pressure on SE to do this right, but this is an awesome game regardless, especially at less than 20 bucks."
76561198092496251,Recommended,292120,12584563,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Aquacrest,"This game.. Final fantasy, 'nuff said. This game has awesome gameplay, very nice ability system and a different storyline. That being said, most of the terms and their meanings get fogged out and are understood a lot later, and the beginning is more than confusing. Overall it's a great game that seems to have no end of fun times. My computer is just a bit over minium requirements and rarely runs at full speed, but after getting used to that it can even be an advantage, so try it out!"
76561198089769491,Recommended,292120,12499772,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,therainbowzippo,I thought I would have a problem with the keyboard/mouse controls.  But they're actually pretty comfortable once you get used to them.  The only problem I have is that the Esc button default is set to Quit instead of Pause.  Just got the game today and this has already caused me to accidentally quit without saving a few times.
,Recommended,292120,12569958,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Catalyst,"It's final fantasy, either you like it or you don't. Or you're a total nerd about it and sleep with huge pillows depicting lightning.At this price unaffordable ... to miss out on. Too bad japodevs have this worldview where pc-gaming doesnt exist so we here always get it when its cold.Played over 200 hours on both xiii and xiii-2 each to get the achievements on xbox360, sold off that moneygrubbing box before lightning returned. Will do it again on steam now. How come square enix cant do like from software and listen to 'the fans' and port it to pc. At least port it, even if its just a total recompile ignoring superior hardware capabilities, then why not just do a quick recompile on FF XV and have it on steam in a simultaneous release ?Is there one good reason other than monopolistic console ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ?ANyhow, yea, i recommend, and if comes in the steam wintersale at even less you'd be a fool to miss it if you dont already  have it on some console (you know those things that are outdated by the time they hit the shelves)"
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,292120,13384014,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Smokey,Compared to Final Fantasy XII then this game feels really borring.What i mean with that is the gameplay is very easy on normal and it takes under 10 sec to master the combat system (atleast it did for me) story is also very borring and does not manage to catch the players attention instead you more feel like taking a nap if you force yourself to watch it instead of skipping every single cutscene.Note: It's not worth the full price but i can recommend it on sale!also since many people have performance problems with this game & that it takes 60gb space = badly optimizedps. cannot force myself to hold forward in any longer and just sit and press 1 button
,Recommended,292120,14770127,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,jayxan,"Fantastic game, if you havent played it. Play it. Ignore the fanboy trolls. This game is a cinematic experience so expect a lot of plot. It is also very linear until the end of the game which works for the solid story. If you want a deep plot, entertaining battle system, entertaining leveling system and a ton of post game character and item building then this is the game for you. If you want an open world action rpg, go play skyrim."
76561197971120253,Not Recommended,292120,28734052,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jcdenton,The worst 'Where is the next save point' simulator I have ever played.
,Recommended,292120,26428770,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Dandy,"Dear unholy mother of god this game's got one of the tightest active time battle systems in final fantasy history,but GODDAMN did they sacrifice a lot of the gameplay for the sake of pretty graphics when they made it, it's basically a corrdor rpg, and sure that's a bad thing, but this has one of the best character driven final fantasy stories i've ever played, they took a direction then stuck with it, even if it wasn't a good idea, leading to some pretty cool character development for each person.and then they ported it to pc and ruined everything.thanks squareenix, you tried.7/10 it....well i mean the game itself was always pretty fun. it's just....y'know....unplayable on pc is all..."
,Not Recommended,292120,16279624,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,tinkee,it's okay
76561197977189791,Not Recommended,292120,34786309,Posted: 6 September,all,gearz557,"Dissapointing entry. I knew it was coming, but couldn't turn down the deal for the whole triology. The way I see it. If I could finish The Witcher 1, I can finish this. Wish me luck.Edit: Just beat this game. It's pretty terrible. What an absolute chore of a game. Not looking forward to playing the rest of the games."
,Not Recommended,292120,13807708,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,vSv,"1/10.I have completed every main Final Fantasy game there is and this is by far the worst of them.Battles:~30 hours in and I have not enjoyed one single battle, that says a lot. I just try to avoid as many battles as I can because they are all so dull and boring.The battles consist mostly of getting the enemies to ""stagger"" and then finnish them off. The best way to stagger enemies is to have one character with the Commando aspect and one/two characters with the Ravager aspect as having two or more Commando's will for some reason make them attack different targets and having no Commando's will make the stagger drain extremely fast.There are no random encounters but instead there are a lot of enemies in your way and there is no way to run away from the forced encounters.There is no way to control more than one party character other than change their stances. This way you have to rely on the other characters to use their abilities in a perfect way, which sadly they don't.If you die with your party leader it's game over for some bizarre reason. The problem with the party leaders death was already solved in FFXII, when the party leader died there you just selected who would be the new party leader instead. This pretty much forces the player to always use the tank as the party leader to decrease the chance of dying, but it's extremely boring to control the tank as he does nothing but taunt and guard.After the battle ends you are getting a 0-5 star rating based on how fast you completed the battle, you also get better rewards for getting a higher rating. I personally feel that this rating is worthless as it only rewards one type of gameplay, a speedrun type of gameplay.The battles consist of mostly just chosing the relevant aspects and then mash auto-battle. The game will almost always chose the most obvious attacks, for example thunder if the enemy is weak to thunder, so there is almost no reason to chose anything yourself, just let the game play itself. If you have a debuffer and the debuffer has used all debuffs available the debuffer will do nothing. If you run low on health just chose an aspect with a healer/tank and then continue to buttonmash the auto-battle button.There is no mana or overdrives so all the characters will just keep on doing the same thing over and over.The summons are somewhat similar to the summons in FFXII which I found pretty boring. The player can only summon the party leaders summon and if you're always the same party leader you will only get the same summon as the summons are locked to specific characters.You can't move your characters around as you could in FFXII. This is quite annoying as your characters will more often than not stand in almost the same spot and as such they will very easily take damage from area attacks.If you die in a battle you will be resummoned just outside of the battle. This makes dying pretty much irrelevant as you can never loose your progress in any other way than a single battle.One of the larger problems about the enemies in the battles is that so many of the enemies HP/Armor is way to high. It's not challenging killing tanks, just time consuming and dull. The only hard part about it is not dying of boredom.Level system:The level system is quite locked for the most part. It's nowhere near as complex as the sphere grid in FFX. You get experience from battles which can be used to open up some abilities and stats.At the start you are only allowed to put the experience in certain aspects but the system opens up later on and allows the player to put experience into any aspect. However, the aspects that weren't unlocked from the start requires a lot more experience.Environments:The game starts on tiny railroad and will continue to be a railroad for most of the game. It was not until ~20 hours in that I got to an open savannah, but that savannah didn't last long as the story lead into an underground tunnel which continued the railroad that the environment consist of.Graphics:The graphics are nice. There is really nothing to complain about here.Music:Most FF games has awesome music that I would be able to recall if I heard them and I think Nobuo Uematsu is the reason for that. Other than the battle theme, the music from FFXIII is nothing I will ever remember.Characters:Lightning - A very plain character with anger issues. She goes around punching the other characters and tries to deny her emotions. This is the character I used in my party for damage. I didn't like her and I didn't care about her.Snow - A muscular guy with a trenchcoat who think of himself as a hero, he's also a leader of a resistance group consisting of child/teen soldiers. This is probably the character I liked the most and the one I used as a tank/damage dealer.Vanille - A young girl who is just plain annoying and sexualised. This was my main healer/debuffer. I didn't like her and I just wanted her to be quiet.Sazh - A condescending black man in his early 40's with affro hair which is used as a nest for his pet chocobo. I really disliked this character. He was always calling the other characters kids and tried to show his superiority by reminding the other characters of his ""old"" age. I never used this character when I wasn't forced to use him.Hope - A scared young boy who blames Snow for the death of his mother even though his mother chosed to leave her son because she wanted to aid Snow. I never used this characted when it wasn't forced upon me. I didn't like this character at all, it seemed like a mixture of a young version of Tidus and Vaan.Fang - A pretty plain and normal character. There isn't much to say about her. I didn't use her as I already had a tank/damage dealer and I didn't really find her intreresting.Story:I don't even know what I was doing most of the time. I wonder if the producers even knew what they were doing. Theres a lot of talk about a place called Cocoon and much talk about l'Cie and some other Cie. I didn't even knew if I had witnessed this Cocoon or why I should care about it.Other things:After the battles you barely get any gold at all. One potion costs 100 gold and seeing how little gold is gained from battles I had to restrain myself from bying things.There are only one place to buy stuff and thats from the save point. Everything in the shop is extremely overpriced compared to the money you get from battles and you can almost only buy things that you have already found in the world which makes buying anything else than potions unnecessary.There were too many things with similar names that was just plain confusing, for example L'Cie, Fal'Cie, Cie'eth, Pulse l'Cie and Sanctum l'Cie. I didn't even bother to try and learn the differences between all of them.There are way too many cutscenes and to little gameplay, but perhaps that's a good thing as the gameplay was nothing more than a tedious buttonmash.TLDR:Inferior gameplay to anything I have witnessed in FF history.Square should have spent their money on making a movie instead as the in-game movies are the only interesting part about FFXIII.Update reason:I completed the game. The rest still holds true."
,Not Recommended,292120,16143298,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aya Shameimaru,"With Final Fantasy Type-0 announced for Steam, i think it's time for me to tear down my ""buy this so eff eff ecks vee can be on steam"" excuse of a review and tell you all what i actually think of FFXIII.When i first bought the game, I was already waiting to be disappointed because I saw my fair share of complaints about the porting quality and if I had wanted to to get FFXIII for reasons other than wanting FFXV to be on Steam, i'd get the PS3 version instead. And I'm somewhat thankful that i didn't get FFXIII-2.Asides from a combat system that I personally find worse than the iterations of ATB I incessantly insult for being too outdated to warrant a 1:1 FFVII remake, I've also noticed that the performance leaves a lot to be desired, and this isn't because it's the PS3's Crysis killer.Oh no, as it turns out, the game actually uses less system resources than it should. I have found this out when i decided to play TF2 one day and when i was playing the Engineer in Team Fortress 2, i ended up getting bored enough to run Final Fantasy XIII AND TF2 at the same time. When taking system tempurature and TF2's frames per second into consideration, FFXIII barely made a dent on my system performance despite FFXIII running like crap.As for the actual story, it's.... okay, i guess, but it doesn't do enough to distract me from performance issues i shouldn't have and what might actually be the weakest iteration of the Active Time Battle system. Hell, even before this game was out on consoles, i was more interested in Final Fantasy versus XIII (now called Final Fantasy XV) because it's supposed to be more like Kingdom Hearts.So yeah, you're probably better off waiting for Type-0 to release on Steam."
,Recommended,292120,22856964,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Leojet Niopal,"""Hallway simulator""May include combat, fancy graphics and a somewhat good story & soundtrack.6.5/10"
,Recommended,292120,25119648,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,adpt Nwagerhr.o7- ಌ,Great game! Interesting characters! Story is okay. Lots of hours of gameplay!40+
76561198017438051,Recommended,292120,25864998,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zhies,"Should you buy this game? Of course, why are you even reading this review.Final Fantasy.... another awesome title from Square Enix. This game gets a 9/10. It would get a 10/10 if there was a FF7 movie based on the original game. The Final Fantasy movie sucks.I feel like I am Cloud in real life.Sometimes at night I dress like Cloud and go into Tokyo city swinging my big aluminum Buster sword around. I feel like I could beat any boss.Now stop reading my review and buy this game. Square Enix needs more money so Japan can build more Gundams, which are required to take over all of Asia and battle Godzilla."
,Not Recommended,292120,14392689,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SBRK,"Who, in 2014, does a game that you can play entirely with a controller, with (finally in a Final Fantasy PC port) an option to skip the launcher (yay, Steam Big Picture friendly), yet puts no option to exit the game besides pressing Escape on the keyboard, then clicking on a dialog to confirm ?SquareEnix does."
,Not Recommended,292120,24024021,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Limited space on the review page, so I wrote down the entire review as a guide instead.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=732392951"
76561198057297973,Recommended,292120,13961834,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kyriakos,good game i bought it at christmas sales nice game play and wonderful cinematic awesome :)
,Recommended,292120,23391688,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DJ_Trollin,Lightning got that booty.
,Not Recommended,292120,29365600,Posted: 19 January,all,gooses are neat,"It's just a really, really bad console port. The biggest issue is if you used any resolution other than 720p important gameplay text doesn't render.At the point I'm writing this I haven't played enough to have an opinion about the game itself. But, like, come on, seriously, in the patch notes they seem so proud of themselves that they added resolution options, which don't actually work."
,Not Recommended,292120,24396753,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Blakerivix,crashed 3 times in 20 mins terrible port as well to top it off
76561198094675316,Recommended,292120,16567934,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,More groans in this game than in a Japanese porno.
,Recommended,292120,13709450,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,633,NICE!!!
76561198019984245,Not Recommended,292120,13419717,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,><,"omg, I fell aspleep at the begining. It is boring. It is repeateable and cycled. Maybe there is a great story and characters, maybe, but I'll never know that."
76561198126437443,Not Recommended,292120,21673901,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dixiedevi1,"The characters are great, the story is good and visually it's absolutly beautiful. Unforunatly, it's barly a game. Walk down a path and have turn based battles for hours as a story is put together with flash back cut scenes. I really did like the characters and world but the game itself is so mindnumbingly boring I don't think I can bring myself to keep playing. I've been walking down a path for 21.5 friggin hours!"
76561198063290971,Not Recommended,292120,13761667,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jon,"It *really* is a hallway simulator. I mean, there's a part where the characters go to point A from point B rinding bikes, and you CAN'T EVEN USE THE BIKES. It's just a cut-scene.While I was playing this game I was just thinking about FF VII AND VIII and how this game has nothing to do with those.Extremely disappointed. Feels like a waste of my time and of my money. I wish I hadn't bought this game."
76561198034284916,Not Recommended,292120,24101992,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wikki Waughn,"It's a beautiful game, but there are issues with the game regularly stuttering during cutscenes. Signs point to this being caused by the game checking for a controller about once per second and momentarily freezing. There are workarounds, but they're pretty clumsy. In general, I'd advise against getting this game unless you're willing to commit rescources to making it work."
,Not Recommended,292120,18428119,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ore wa Kawaii Griffith desu,"30 fps limit for amd, I should never buy this game. I have gaming pc but still my fps is 29-30. %20 cpu usage wtf"
,Not Recommended,292120,21229087,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tako,"This game is a Hallway Simulator.It is extremly linear and no matter how hard I try to like the game, the cons outweigh what little is good about the game. Enemies are obnoxiously tanky most of times you are pressing one button. Not to mention the performance inssues many players are getting including myself is horrendous. Anyways here are the cons and pros:cons:- linear map design- they introduce important game mechanics way too late into the game leaving bad taste in your mouth- tanky enemies to waste time- performance issues (FPS,crash,etc)- Very little PC support (no true fullscreen, vsync, other options you would see on proper port)- Skill animations and paradigm shifts take too long and interrupt the flow of the game- 0 utilization of currency 40 hrs in I begin to wonder if it is for show- eidolons are uselesspros:- after maybe 10~15 hrs into the game battle system becomes actually interesting- cinematics (some people consider this a con but I like story rich cinematics)- chapter 11 (why didn't they do this from the start?)"
76561198253260155,Recommended,292120,33079457,Posted: 1 July,all,12,recommended
,Recommended,292120,14024150,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,HenryLeonheart,"Hallway simulator XIII -Actual working gunblade edition-In all seriousness, it wasn't the best Final Fantasy out there but it was well worth the money. The story was nice and the music is really good, soothing I might even say.The main characters are well developed, especially some like Hope and Vanille but at least for me, the story didn't make me care much besides the finishing the game part. It's one of those games that you like it but won't replay it unless like 7 years have passed and you forgot a lot of details.Would I recommend it? Yeah, it's a Final Fantasy game, why wouldn't I? If you're a fan, it's worth it, if not, then I advise you to start with another title like VII or VIII. The better question is, does it have replay value? Not much. It's a linear game almost to the end."
,Not Recommended,292120,13976285,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Localhorst,I finished this game out of sheer stubbornness and I regret that much more than the fact that I bought it in the first place.
,Recommended,292120,16856682,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ylodamry,"if u already play ff since PS 1 u should play this game,,, cant want for FF7 Remake xD"
,Recommended,292120,16938502,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,miramu,"A game series usually known for being overdramatic with the story and intensity of the plot/progression, this adaptation brings out difference into the series. Following the standard FF guidelines set by 6-8, This is a game that shocked people on its official release. The game itself features different playable characters and many different arcs to get you situated into the story.Most people would complain because of the time it would take you to beat this game, or because of one of the characters. But I am looking aside for that. Everyone knows now that if you wanted to play a Final Fantasy game for the sake of playing a video game, then you shouldn't play anything past 6. (The MMO's are an exception, but I do not count those)GameplayTo start it off, the game play is very simple. It is a linear story with some nonlinear features later on in the game. You play as a few different characters that all have the same goal in mind when they come together. Movement is very fluent in this game, though where you interact with certain things is always set.About the combat sequences, where most people seem to have trouble. The original Final Fantasy was a turn based strategy combat style. With this in mind, I think this brings about a much faster pace in the battles, letting enemies attack while you are planning your moves, or vice versa. This style of combat does stray a bit from the turn based you would have seen in 7-10.The gameplay itself is just moving from objective to objective, or finding objective, to complete an arc in the story. Most people would find this a bit tedious, so prepare yourself for an overextended playtime.CharactersEveryone knows that when you review a FF game, you must talk about characters.Lightning is the soul main character in the game. (Excluding FFXIII-X2)You will play as her for a majority of the game, so most of you people would have to really get used to her. She is a very monotone character, but sexy and intruiging. She keeps you interested with her morals and ways of keeping her team in tact.Hope is a character that most people can say they dislike. But I will say he is not close to being as bad as Limel from Star Ocean. Cmon, he isn't.Hope is a character you will find to be much more useful in the later stages of the game, but he will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off in the beginning. His unreliable combat phases and silly dialogue choice is very bad for you at the beginning.Of course these are not the only 2 main characters, there are 3 others you will constantly play with, but I do not want to spoil anything.Music!There is not much to say here, other than the battle theme is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!This soundtrack for this game is of course, a masterpeice. There are not many games you can say that you have played that present and Operatic style of progressive classical music.Overall, I recommend this game because it was a thrill to play, and the story is what will capture your heart!(Also, the graphics on this game are amazing for when it came out! Please do check it out!)"
76561198070478777,Recommended,292120,13510950,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JOHN CENAA,Best way to spend ur money and say its worth it :D
76561198062033152,Recommended,292120,13511475,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ChuKhiMhay,addicted game
76561198001514426,Not Recommended,292120,32752609,Posted: 24 June,all,SeaSideSamurai,Dont buy.  Crashes.  Lag.  Framerate drops.  Refunded.
,Not Recommended,292120,24013614,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dayle Rees,"An 'ok' game ruined by a poor port. With an XBox controller plugged in, the controls for menus will no longer work."
76561198053356113,Not Recommended,292120,31459016,Posted: 30 April,all,cendrieR,"Boring FF, really disappointed by the lack of anything even remotely interesting in its story/character progression/mini games, which usually makes for great FF experiences. The graphics and music are nice, but a game should be much more than that."
,Not Recommended,292120,14409805,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zero Talent,Unplayable. The camera keeps spinning around in circles. There's fixes online but we shouldnt have to deactivate gamepads every time we want to play the game. Yet another dissapointment from se's lazyness...
76561197991252340,Not Recommended,292120,32649583,Posted: 22 June,all,BobSkywalker,the story is unbearable at the start. the dialogue between the characters is incredibly bad. i couldnt even make it to the part of the game that people say is when the actual combat begins because all of the systems are unlocked. probably a good game ruined by bad writing.
76561198153083067,Not Recommended,292120,14207734,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,homed,I started playing FF from FF IV on SNES 20 years ago and have played every one sinceI have to say FF XIII is the worst out of them all
76561197973187402,Not Recommended,292120,16346512,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,El Moosechacho,"It was on SaleIt was CheapIt was still not worth itIt was badVery dissapoint(terrible voice acting, dialogue, linear gameplay, plot was borderline, lack of control of character customization and leveling even once things opened up a couple hours into the game)but at least the graphics were pretty..."
,Recommended,292120,19350485,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SirRoxasXIII,"This game gets alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for it's gameplay forcing you to go fowards and battle system. However, the battle system doesnt take long to get used to and is really fun once you do, and the hallway game design is thrown away towards the end of the game. And the sounbdtrack is the greatest thing on this planet. The game also looks fantastic.Also, Lightning"
,Recommended,292120,19509515,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Head Crabs Vahn,"the story is amazingly bad, but the gameplay is very fun."
76561198097514313,Recommended,292120,19580224,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TCMonster25,"If anyone tells you that FFXIII is not worth the time, there is a good chance that person is HopeEverything aside Hope is great in this game"
,Recommended,292120,26224765,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Felix (The Indecisive),Sightseeing simulator 2011
,Recommended,292120,18708939,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ah po Earth Spirit Fanboy,i spend 60 hours on this gamewell played..worth it !
,Not Recommended,292120,20268646,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Damienn,"This game is both interesting and beautiful. i am a giant Final Fantasy lover, why then do i not recommend this game you ask? because it took me over 4 hours to finally get the game running to play. i run an AMD 6300, 24Gb Ram @ 1880MHz, and a GTX 970, so please don't tell me that it was my computer. Downloaded the game, which had nothing to add to the 4 hours, and launched it. Ok, a window poped up asking for SOME graphic options. I then click ok, and i see the Square Enix emblem with a white background. Waited 10 minutes+ and nothing... still on the white screen. so i looked up information online and tried and tried, did a file validation through Steam, only to find that 4 files were MISSING.... that was 1.8Gb of information MISSING? how? i have perfect steady stream internet at a fast speed! download the files, run the game only to find out that ALL OF THE VIDEO IS STUTTERING!!!!! By then i am so angry that i want to just get a refund and play ARK, lol. And let me tell you, some people would say that it wouldn't bother them. You have no idea how bad it is, not only is it a stutter, but it stutterd perfectly with the music.... the fix you  might ask? PLUG A CONTROLLER IN OR TURN ON YOUR STEAM CONTROLLER........................... yep.... i am done now......*throws everything in the air and walks away*"
76561198075229283,Not Recommended,292120,13752255,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Serval-Chan,"Spent 45 minutes configuring to highest and lowest resolution settings for best graphics,  highest and lowest Anti Aliasing for smoothness, and deleting <20 gb of useless data to get rid of low fps.Did not get rid of low fps.Got a head ache and decided to write a  review for this game and not recommend it to those who get head aches from shuttering graphics.The game is beautiful, no customizable fps rate (30). Will change my review if the shuttering ever stops."
,Recommended,292120,19687803,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,神殺,I cried within the first 3 hours. It's quite the emotional experience.
,Recommended,292120,23781932,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,King Gankins,Bought game during steam summer sale.  Ended up playing it a lot.  Gameplay is a little slow and linear for a long while.  The game really shines after about the 20 hours mark where the game opens up.  Gameplay is a fast paced almost turn based system.8.5/10
76561198167803094,Not Recommended,292120,15818388,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,build wall,"This, and it's sequel are literally two of the worst games I've ever played. Everything about both of these games is a ♥♥♥♥ing catastrophe and anybody that says ""it's not that bad"" must be blind. This is not Final Fantasy at all. Clearly some crazy weeaboo got a hold of SE and forced them at gunpoint to make this Mary Sue ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the new frontrunner."
,Recommended,292120,16691979,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"Gorgeous game.  Negative hype = sexism.  The homage to previous Finals is palpably heartwarming.  The same overarching fable told over & over again in different worlds that are essentially our Earth.""The Wheel of Time turns, and ages come and go. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow.""  -- - Robert Jordan""I wouldn't confide in the Prodigal Son, The die has been cast, the battle is won..""  -- - R.E.M.""Real heroes don't need plans.""  -- - Lebreau"
,Not Recommended,292120,29081662,Posted: 7 January,all,SuperChris64,"I bought this game on sale hoping maybe playing it on my PC would give me a better taste after not touching the game in years. Trying this game again makes me wonder how I ever beat it originally on XBox 360. I can't bring myself to go through the games opening tutorials. The characters are utterly unlikeable, none of them have redeeming qualities at all. The opening section when you play as Snow highlights this entirely as his comrads keep refering to themselves as ""heros"" that can't possibly fail, just because they believe they are morally justified in fighting back."
,Recommended,292120,13014646,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Aflate,"After waiting years to play this game, (I was on the verge of buying myself a second hand PS3 and then this beauty came out) I can officially say: Wow, what a game!Yes, the game puts you in a corridor from beginning till really close to the end.Yes, the game holds your hand too much most of the time.Yes, the game lets go of your hand at other times and decides to let you freefall without a parachute.Yes, the game does get a little long by the time you reach chapter 11, and then you still have 2 more chapters to go.But really, none of that compares at all to the sheer beauty, attention to detail and love that the game developers put into crafting this game. The story, if you can follow it, is amazingly crafted, the Protaginists have depth of character that exceeds that of almost all games being developed today (There are exceptions ofcourse) and the gameplay is fun for the first 8 chapters. The graphics are astounding for a game from 2009 (5 years ago!) and it is still able to compete with quite a few next-gen titles!Square Enix can really be proud of themselves on this one. The only gripes I really actually have is that I do not have enough control of my party, and your characters are artificially limited in terms of their strengths and weaknesses for most part of the game. But all in all it is actually just nitpicking for a game that goes out of it's way to tell you a heartwarming, loving story that is presented in a visually astounding and pleasing wayPro's:+ Great Story+ Great Graphics+ Depth of Characters+ Interesting battle mechanics+ Quite Challenging after you get halfway through the gameCon's:- Not enough control of the Party- Artificially limited levels (Depends heavily on where in the story you are)- Very Linear for most of the gameIf you are a fan of Final Fantasy in general, or just want a good single-player story, then get this now! If you want a game that is the most fun thing to play since the invention of galvanized rubber... Here's a stick, fetch!"
,Recommended,292120,13173999,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,drake,"great game i absolutley love it, the huge download is totally worth it. this game is better hd than any other game (even the new pc games)  but u have to have a machine with some decient power to play it.  deffinatley worth the price and cost of  disc space cause of the massive scope of this beautifull world & charicters that inhabbit it.. once more i have to say these graphix put todays pc games to shame but then again its 50gb lol much bigger than any other pc game out..12/10 for graphics10/10 for gameplay10/10 for them fixing the error that occured when u hit ESC lol"
76561198014564033,Recommended,292120,13182036,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Gears,"November update really make this game runs better, haven't played it for a while, but worth it :)"
76561198045453791,Recommended,292120,13366070,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,zz360NOSCOPENOSWAGzz,"I played this game many years ago on an Xbox 360, and it's a pretty good game. I picked this up to refresh my memory, since I'm planning on getting the other FF13 games in the future, which I haven't played. I'll assume you know what you're getting into regarding gameplay and focus on the port itself. I haven't looked into 3rd party tools to try to fine-tune the game yet, so this is based on the ""out-of-the-box"" experience.I was wary of the port quality, so I waited until the graphics settings update to buy the game. So far, I've been pretty satisfied. If you haven't played FF13 yet, this is the version to get if you think your computer can handle it. The game looks great, and while the framerate seems locked around 30 most of the time, and ocassionally dips to 20 (and less occasionally gets up to 60), it's very playable. Load times are pretty snappy and faster than I remember them being on the Xbox, despite my HDD being pretty slow (7200rpm). No room on my SSD for this 50GB game.What's interesting is that after playing with shadow resolution and AA settings, the framerates aren't really affected that much for me. Whether I'm at the lowest shadow and AA settings (512x512 and x2) or the highest settings (8192x8192 and x16), FPS tends to be at 30 more often than not. The only difference is that at lower settings, I'll occassionally see framerates jump to 60 for brief periods, and the dips to ~20FPS are rarer (but still occur). At max settings, 30 is as high as I get, and dips to the 20s are slightly more frequent (and I can hear my fans working a bit harder).So it's playable, pretty, but not perfect. Definitely room for improvement regarding performance. You probably won't get solid 60FPS by playing with the settings using the default config options, unfortunately. I'm willing to look past the dips and accept 30 FPS because this is a pretty slow paced game and not a twitch shooter - they're annoying, but not terrible or gamebreaking. If you're on the fence about picking this up because of the port quality, I'd say go for it.Misc info:1920x1080 resolution, fullscreen (not windowed)Using an Xbox 360 controller (controls are fine - maybe the camera angling is a bit wonky at times)i5-3570k @ 3.4GHzRadeon HD7950, not overclockedOther stuff I forgot aboutThe description text for enemies isn't displaying at 1080p, so that's pretty lame.There is an option to choose English or Japanese voices when you launch the game.There is an option in-game to specify whether messages about user input should display with keyboard prompts or controller prompts. By default it was set to ""keyboard"", so I changed it.I didn't try to play with keyboard settings, but for the controller there was just an image displaying which button did what (i.e. no re-mapping).Early in the game there is some female-on-male violence that may trigger sensitive MRA types. The scenes would have been loudly protested if the genders were reversed, I imagine."
,Recommended,292120,13329323,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kristallnacht,I had this for the xbox 360 and I absolutely loved it. There is a unqiue battle system from which each battle is a struggle because the HP resets each battle. The story is a mess but I still enjoyed it regardless. The linear nature isn't the most enjoyable but towards the end the game opens up which I can appreciate because there are some mighty beasts that need to be taken out! I haven't played much of the PC version but I haven't heard any different compared consoles vs PC so this review is verified.
,Recommended,292120,13195517,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,fijea,"Nice game, as expected, but too bad there are some issues that haven't been fixed until today;there is no option to choose 1080p resolution (locked at 720p) and the gamepad mapping is messed up.Other than that I can play the game very well on bootcamp.I'll be looking forward to the next sequel, keep up the good work SE!"
,Recommended,292120,13368626,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Stonepaq,Buy it if you enjoy the licence and playing at 25 fps with a good PC
,Recommended,292120,13458097,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hinken,"I mostly will focus on reviewing the actual port of the game.Final Fantasy XIII is probably my favorite game in the franchise. It has a unique playstyle not present in most other games in the franchise and it makes it look so futuristic and cool. The story is very touching and i love it. Some do not prefer the one-path gameplay where you only have one path to follow but I actually prefer this over always freely exploring because I can often get lost and dont know what I should do. Later in the game you can actually explore a bit but thats as far as I'd like it to go.Now about the actual port:This was a very good attempt at making a port to pc but there are some issues that i simply do not like. Firstly, the optimization of the game is very bad. I mean, they started creating the game in 2004-2005 and they released it in 2010. The graphics werent that great at that time as they are now. Assassin's Creed Unity has uses much better graphics than this game and still it performs better than Final Fantasy XIII on my PC. Also, as a PC gamer i know exactly what is needed for every game demanding game that is on a PC.After experimenting alot, I found out that the HUD in the game is bottlenecking the fps. Everytime the HUD dissapears (when engaging a battle and when ending it) the framerate is immediately 60. During the actual battles, the framerate often drops to 20-25. Even though they added the option to change the resolution and Anti-Aliasing, this doesnt change the framerate almost at all. The Shadow Resolution seems also to be bottlenecking the fps and I am forced to set it to lowest. I also dont feel that we get enough options to change settings so we can play on a bit weaker systems. The fps numbers, when on a graph, look like a crazy rollercoaster.Every PC game should have AT LEAST 60% of all these settings below when it comes to graphics:Screen Mode (setting to fullscreen or window)ResolutionShadow ResolutionAnti-AliasingCustom Keybindings for almost every action in the game (this isnt really graphics related but it is kind of missing here so i feel like i need to shed some light on this)V-SyncTessellationAmbient OcclusionField of ViewDepth of FieldTexture FilteringAnistropic FilteringPost ProcessingMotion BlurBloomSome are more important than others of courseFinal Fantasy XIII uses almost 30% of all this. Not only that but the lowest available resolution is also pretty high, almost maximum for most laptops (1280x720 and most laptops use 1366x768 screen and its almost the same). And changing the resolution or the AA has almost no effect on the fps from what i've seen. When the game was released, it had no graphics options at all. Still one guy (GeDoSaTo) managed to fix the resolution problem and AA problem in 1 day after the game was released. Two months later, a update was available offering the same options that GeDoSaTo did. I don't know about you guys but it seems like the people who ported this game to PC are kind of lazy. I prefer the PS3 version over the PC version by a long shot."
,Recommended,292120,12937461,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,cumanzor,"This review may contain *SPOILERS*It is not like any other Final Fantasy. It's set in the same univerve, same mythology but both combat and gameplay element are completely different from other FFs.PROS:- Great story (so far... it does look great. Not perfect)- All characters has a nice background story that really represent what they are.- Cinematics are really cool (like any other Japan Animation)- Great environment- Background Music is goodCONS:- No real character customization (just weapons and accesories)- No way to customize screen resolution (stuck as 720p)- Linear- No Map exploration (I really miss a good map)- Combat looks cools but dumb. On previous FF titles you earn AP points to increase certain attributes or get powers, Now it's completely different and boring, you need to collect Crystal points in order to get powers and that takes a lot of grindingI do recommend the game, but only if you see it at 70% off"
76561198112626016,Recommended,292120,12987488,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The0nlyRaiden,"I enjoy this game so much, specialy after fixing the fps drop and the downsampling of the GeDoDaTo software and also following the instructions of this videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5OhZ7bN1q4is working flawlessly with my Nvidia GTX770 i dont know about AMD."
,Recommended,292120,13014829,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,child friendly name,"don't mind the old mans rant MMMM final fantasy Viii. For returning final fantasy fans(that haven't played this title yet) you  are in for a leason. the combat system has chnged (i believe it's going to keep changing wit more titles to come) you can pretty much play the game without really doing anything(i don't like that) forget about gems and mana because they aren't in this. basically forget about everything you use to know this is a whole new chapter in the FF series (if you can call it a series).   I enjoyed it the first 3 times on ps3 but I am having trouble understanding what is wrong with the vocals during cutscences. sometimes they work other times they don't.  it is annoying but it's still playable. I still enjoy this game even with the ""lack of graphics settings"" and the sound issues and the easiness of it. But i do wish for the old fashioned free roam world that the FF series was famous for. love the game hate the devs"
76561197983830786,Recommended,292120,12893815,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PaintedHimself,"I want to be clear I loved ffXIII on the xbox! But this port is crap, any final fantasy deserves better treatment. I recommend it only because i love the game and not because of the awful port. The devs claim to  be correcting the port and have made improvements already.Pro:-Great game (Some love it, some hate it, I love it) not for everyone-Not super dumbed down for accessibility-I for one like the main characters, besides ine whiny little baby but i love to hate him-Usual long story final fantasy is known for, lots of content-Amazing soundtrack-Great combat, some may disagree with this if they are finatics for older games in the series (if u dont like the combat dont complain go play the old games alot of them are available on steam now)Cons-Linear game/story (i was ok with it but i wish it had more exploring)- the port itself-720p res, can be adjusted using outside mod which is so simple to install (gonna be corrected in december update)-NO GRAPHICS SETTINGS (gonna be corrected in december update)- Poor performance, jittery at times-press esc and u are usually booted from the game. occasionally it will ask if u want to quit (i keep hitting esc to get to menu but crash the game and have to start from last checkpoint) (supposedly corrected in nov update)Hopefully they will fix the port with updates but til then buy with discression. Btw they claim to be fixing said issues, may become more playable with time."
76561198077268193,Recommended,292120,12932195,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Blackenedman,The only downside to this game is usually right before a big battle that your not ready for and will die there will be a huge cut scene that you will memorize before its all over with. other than that its beautiful controls are a little odd but nothing you can't get used to fairly quick.
,Recommended,292120,13010961,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,NB88,"Have it on the 360 and now on the PC (since i dont realy touch consoles anymore). Still a good game, works best with a game controller for the pc but is fine on keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,292120,13011721,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dennis Ian,"Thank you Square Enix for releasing this game on steam! This is a great release guys. One of the best Final Fantasy game I ever played and. Though, much better if they patch for an ENG dubbed on Asia release in the future."
,Recommended,292120,13124703,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shiranaini,for FF fans like me... i can play this game without buying PS console is like a blessing
76561198155445018,Recommended,292120,13133519,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,blue moon,"Final Fantasy checklist- Long, sometimes epic, sometimes absurb story? Check- Hours to complete? Check- Lots of sidequests and monsters to find, kill and loot? Check- Some characters you hate, some characters you like? Check- Great graphics? Check- Great soundtrack? CheckSummary-Worth your time? Check,check and check!"
76561198097958655,Recommended,292120,13324830,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Amarok,"Not the best Final Fantasy game so far, but nevertheless a great game all-around, nice (but confusing) plot, breathtaking visuals, an awesome gameplay and a fairly good cast.If you are a fan of JRPG and Final Fantasy, then is a good choise."
76561198050456921,Recommended,292120,13330131,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,*~TiraMisu~*,Awesome experience! Buy this game so the developer will continue to make Final Fantasy series playable on PC :)
76561198054117559,Recommended,292120,13356210,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,~Skarlecia~,Amazing graphics. The characters are amazing and the gameplay is fun. Downside is ya only use a couple of buttons so it does get a bit boring. But other then that I love it. ;D <3
,Recommended,292120,13344558,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bjax,"Being a Final Fantasy fan, I have myself a love and hate relationship with this game.Story-wise, they delivered amazing story like they always do with the previous ones, but in exception for XIII, that you have to finish the game to ""say"" that. Cause the story is not start from the beginning and the scenes will be throwing at you randomly and at the end, you have to put several pieces together just like completing a puzzle. I know that the story was complicated and mind-juggling at first, so you have to just go along with it and hope that your brain can handle it. But there's a ""Datalog"" in the menu in which contained data that you get from watching the scenes and it will save it in a form of text so you can understand the story more.The gameplay has its ups and down. The battle system has its good strategy of letting people learn the basic and it started to expand by adding another and another and another so it doesn't get bored in mid way of your playthrough. I love the job system that you can switch while you are in battle and can customize it to have a good strategy. But I wish we could change the character in battle so its not just stuck to only handling one person while others just act as a support when you are in combat.Along the ride of your playthrough, the beautiful scenery and the amazing CGI scenes are what makes me keep going through the game--with less complain that is. The complain still there because of the unbalance fps drop. Some area have that little drop on my fps. But nonetheless, Square Enix has been a good listener and did most of the complained that people gave about since the first day it was released on Steam.What lacks of the game was there were none of free-roam exploration, like where you can go from city to another city freely or find a secret path that leads to fighting secret boss or just a huge area filled with monsters and such. Its just a straight way with monsters on each side. Which what the downside of this game to me. Unlike any other Final Fantasy games.Along with that, Almost-amazing story. Beautiful scenery. Awe-inspiring CGI scene. Unique battle system. Overall, this game is worth to have on your library especially looking at the price and how long the playthrough is. So I'm here to recommend you to buy this game and to the next 2 games of FF XIII that will be out on Steam in hope that they will continue porting another Final Fantasy games into Steam. (told you I'm a Final Fantasy Fan :p )"
,Recommended,292120,12895195,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,newyear,"They are updating the graphics, and giving us what we asked for. The fact this game, and its sequels to follow are on PC shows square is listening to its fans. FF13 is a great game. Not the best FF in anyway. But.. I love Square, and a game like this deserves no less than a thumbs up recommendation."
,Recommended,292120,12914614,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Chicony,"Final Fantasy XIII is not a 100% awesome game, however if you expect the right things, you'll get them and the game will fulfill your expectations. In other words, if you consider awesome main story being a reason itself to play the game, give it a shot. Story-wise, I don't regret buying this game at all.So, where is the bottle neck in my opinion? Well, let's go over all important points that sums up the game.+StoryYou just need to see it.+CharactersReally, they all were good. Vanille was annoying sometimes and seeing Hope for the first time, I immediately imagined Tidus from FFX. However, Vanille got her's bright scenes and quotes and Hope turned out to be one of the best character in the game. Others were decent throughout the whole game, including their own stories and background.+GraphicsLooked good enough, even on PC. I didn't really use any 3rd party stuff and didn't mind the lower resolution with no graphics options. And, the cutscenes were, yet again, trule amazing.+EidolonsIf you are familiar with Final Fantasy, you know there are some creatures you're able to summon to help you in battle. Guardian Forces, Aeons, Eidolons, however they are called. Anyway, they fit in here somehow; story-wise and aren't only battle-pets.+CrystariumSimple and good way to boost your characters by gaining points and spending it.+/-Battle systemLater in the game, you'll notice you probably pressed Auto-battle most of the time. It was fun for some time, though. And for challenging fights it's still really good.-LinearityOk, I actually do not mind the game being linear, not at all. BUT. I would choose one way to approach such a game, not something between the two choices. Let me tell how the things really are first;In Final Fantasy 13, you are going through tight corridors, leaving you with very few choices (actually none) where you want to go. Short dead-ends usually lead to a treasure and that's it. But then, in chapter 11 (out of 13), you're thrown into a huge area with many many possibilities to do side quests and stuff like that. ""Fine, finally."" one might say. Sad thing is, the game pretty much forces you to do at leastsomething(even if you liked the linearity and you already really want to see the ending), because otherwise you'll just be too weak to finish the game.Moreover, the side-quests are shattered all over the map, so you also need to do a lot of walking, when you don't even know where you should go next to do the quests in order. I can't imagine going through this without a guide.So yes, sidequests are cool, but I would choose other way to unlock them.1. Continuously, throughout the game.2. All at once, but at the end of the game, not after finishing 90% of it, when you are hyped for the ending and then you need to do hours of completely irelevant content.The last issue, however, isn't big enough to not recommend this game. It is different from previous Final Fantasy, but it's seriously not bad. Just don't compare it to what you could do in older FFs."
,Recommended,292120,12922425,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,William Stefan,This game is very awesome!! The story and the gameplay and the graphics are excellent!! Everything is awesome!
76561198066920553,Recommended,292120,12925563,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Makun,"This is the first time I played this game, the combat system is great but the game is too linear."
,Recommended,292120,12934756,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LukkA,"Great game so far, waiting for the next episode."
76561198089551029,Recommended,292120,12947162,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,kurosakikun96,"2 hours on my clock, and I can already tell this is a bad port, the frame-rate is all over the place, and I can safely say my PC is NOT the issue, as the sound quality is perfect, but the visuals are at times at least 5 seconds behind (ok my PC might have SOME issues, but I'm not the 1st to complain on this), also I already have 2 characters I'd rather up kill than put with for the rest of the game, that's the negatives at this point, but the lore is intriguing, thus far the combat has some nice workings in it (honestly I'd prefer this combat system to FF12s), and the music is beautiful, so I'd actually say it's a good game (I am NOT a newbie to the series, I have played EVERY none-MMO main game, and most of the sequels/prequels)"
,Recommended,292120,12958048,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Maybe,"I liked this game a lot, even if it has mixed reviews.Well it has a good gameplay (far different from olders FF, but hey, different isn't meaning it'll be bad), good characters (Lightning !), good graphics (with GeDoSaTo for 1080p) and some incredible soundtracks.The storyline is good, but it can be confused at some points.Personally, I liked this game more than some others olders FF.Really worth the 15€."
,Recommended,292120,12960146,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DJBPace07,"Story: The Final Fantasy franchise is known for stories that draw in the gamer and make them feel empathy or otherwise emotionally invested in an outcome. FFXIII does just that. It is not on the same scale as FFVII or FFX, but there are some moments where you cannot help but feel something for what the characters are going through. Without spoiling too much, the basic story centers around a group of characters. In their efforts to save people they love, or exact revenge, they are drawn together and are given a mission to carry out. Their fates, from this moment forward, are forever altered and bleak. They either complete their mission and turn to crystal, or they refuse and turn into mindless monsters. This story is very linear and cannot be altered by the player. In previous Final Fantasies, you had the option to explore the world map. Although you had this freedom, going to any town or village not immediately connected to the main story or side quest was pointless since they were static and rarely changed. FFXIII is unabashedly linear. In fact, most of the maps for the game are lines with minor areas open for treasure hunting. There is no world map or towns to explore. The developers have created two main areas of the game, Cocoon (An area you will spend the majority of the game in, story-wise.) and Pulse (A sprawling open-ended area with plenty to see and do where you will spend most of the time hunting in.) These two areas were designed to be polar opposites of each other.  Once you complete the game, you are encouraged to continue playing as many areas, and enemies, of the game can only be tackled by an advanced party.Battle System: Before going too much into this, I will explain the level-up mechanic. In FFXIII, you do not obtain levels in the traditional sense. Instead, you earn Crystogen points (CP) to spend in the Crystarium. Tougher enemies yield higher CP. The Crystarium functions very much like the sphere grid from FFX with new areas unlocking after major game events. CP are used to move between the points on the grid and become stronger. Each character has a class, or specialization, that you can level up. For the majority of the game, there are only three primary specializations that you can use and level up. As the game progresses, you will have access to three more secondary specializations, though you shouldn't bother with them until after the end game since the CP to unlock the secondary skills is high. The classes you play as are: Commando (Physical attacker who can slow the chain gauge), ravager (A magical attacker who can drastically increase the chain gauge), saboteur (Causes status ailments to the enemy and can slow the chain gauge), sentinel (Acts as a beacon to draw enemy attacks and has high physical damage resistance but does not attack directly), synergist (Does not attack but applies status enhancements to the party), and medic (Does not attack either, but focuses on healing.) A character can only perform actions of a given class and cannot use others unless you paradigm shift, which changes everyone’s class. For instance, if you have an enemy with loads of hit points (HP) you can attack with a commando to slow down the chain gauge then shift to a ravager to drive it up quickly. These work like a streamlined version of the gambit system from FFXII. You can shift as many times as you need during a battle and alter them outside of battle at any time. This means you have to plan ahead and choose paradigms that will fit situations you think you may face.The battle system for FFXIII is very different from previous installments, it draws on the ATB (Active Time Battle) system from previous Final Fantasies but it makes several significant alterations. Only one character is under direct user-control and if they are taken out, it is game over. All of the other characters are AI controlled and can easily be revived. The AI is good, but there are times where they fumble. For instance, normally your characters will perform actions against an enemy they know will work. Unfortunately, the game lacks a move button and the AI has a tendency to keep all characters close together. This can be a problem at later levels where almost all enemies cause area-of-effect damage and everyone gets hit. When you make contact with an enemy, battle begins. The battles can flow very quickly and it is usually a good idea just to let the game make the decisions. Normally, attacks don't cause too much damage. Your best option is to drive up the chain gauge. As you attack, the gauge goes higher, if you don't attack, it lowers. The whole point of the gauge is to drive it up to the point of staggering the enemy. While staggered, your enemy will be vulnerable to certain kinds of damage, may not attack at all, and the damage you cause can be multiplied. When the enemy is staggered, the chain gauge slowly lowers and then resets. You have to cause as much damage as possible while your opponent is staggered.Audio: The music in FFXIII reminds me of a mix between FFX and FFXII and is very well done. Uematsu is not involved with the soundtrack to this game. Because of this, many of the audio staples of the Final Fantasy franchise are gone.  You can still hear vestiges of those themes and the game still retains the leitmotif music the series is known for. There are a number of standout tracks that are some of the best in the franchise, such as ""Ragnarok"", ""Determination"", ""Born Anew"", ""Fabula Nova Crystalis"", and ""Miracles."" As for the voiceovers, most are well done, with Lightning and Fang being personal favorites, though Vanille's voice can be grating at times. This port does have Japanese tracks.Graphics: There are many moments where content rendered in-game on-the-fly looks as good as pre-rendered CGI. The developers knew how to use the system and work within its limitations. For example, close-ups of characters cause the frame rate to drop, I assume this is for texture rendering and lighting, as such, those scenes are slow paced and you cannot tell that there is a drop. On the PC, there are no graphics options and the cinematics are compressed more heavily than on the PS3, there are also large framerate drops in some areas, especially battles.Misc.: I was conflicted about Final Fantasy XIII, I loved FFVII and FFX so I wasn't entirely sure if I would like it. Since Final Fantasy X is my personal favorite in the franchise, this game ranks second in my list just between Final Fantasy X and VII. It is not as tactical as FFX nor does it draw me in as much as that title, but the battle system is much more enjoyable than that in VII and ranks as my favorite in the entire franchise. The story is compelling, though a tad melodramatic and convoluted. Fans of the franchise may not like this incarnation very much, as it is, in many ways, vastly different than previous installments. Players who lack patience may become bored very quickly as the story is doled out in bite-sized pieces and the battle system takes well into the middle of the game to fully unlock. In fact, the first eight chapters are mostly tutorials with the eleventh chapter opening up game immensely. The beginning portions of the game are quite easy, but in the last few chapters, the point where the training wheels come off, the difficulty ramps up. Instead of a difficulty curve, FFXIII has a difficulty wall where every battle, unless you know exactly what you're doing and how to win, could be a grueling fight if you haven’t devoted enough CP to increasing your abilities. The PC port of the game is fairly stable but the lack of graphics options is baffling. It is possible to get the game to look better with a third party program, but this can slow the game down. Controllers are supported with this port and I used a Wii U Pro Controller in Xinput mode. I enjoyed FFXIII and recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different in the RPG genre, just remember to read the datalogs."
76561198076380864,Recommended,292120,12960254,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,npbranco,"This game is actually not bad, no matter what people say. It's just not a Final Fantasy game. There's no cities, no huge maps to explore, no choices. Just a linear game where you muscle through the maps.BUT, I've always heard fans saying the game doesn't need you and that is not true at all. I've played quite a few Final Fantasy games in my life and this is one of the few you really have to take care of your character even end-game. Things can still kill you and quite easily.I would say the battles are the good part, they're worth it and it's fun. Even when you're ripping your hair out because Neochu is kinda impossible. But, as nothing can be 100% good, Lightining is a ♥♥♥♥♥, Vanille is aggravating, Snow is invisible, Hope is cookie-cutter emotionally stunted anime character with mommy problems and Fang is kinda okay (but as a fighter she rocks). Sazh is awesome.I repeat. It's good if you like challenging battles, it's just not Final Fantasy."
76561198051964631,Recommended,292120,12962400,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ham1sh,"Great game it is good having it on pc now, didnt want to buy another ps3 to replay this great game."
76561198079289379,Recommended,292120,13321063,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,illydia_jones,"I don't have any game console, but the Final Fantasy series are always fascinate me. When FF XIII gone out, I see all the cinematics and I start to love Lighthing and the story. I can't wait to play on my computer! It's one of my first RPG since Baldur's Gate and my second Final Fantasy (I have Final Fantasy III on my smartphone). And I love it. For a first time, the linear story help to master the base and have some fun without major complications. The graphics is gorgeous and the battle system a little bit different, but still interesting. If I except the SIMS it's the game that I put the most of my time..."
,Recommended,292120,13325613,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,アイマン,this game is epic...like the new update where we can actually choose resolution that we like to play...but there is something that bother me...is this game is not available in english audio??....i heard people in US get an english audio version for this game...hope that Square Enix would release an english audio update for us people who live in Asia...sometime feel like it kinda racist dont you think??...looking forward for this update...can wait to purcase myself the FFXIII-2... ^_^ like this game so much....
,Recommended,292120,13327958,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,J-Fire_Man,"This game pacing is very slooooooooooowwwwwww.Just like other people say, it took about 20 hours before Final Fantasy XIII shows its best. Be patient if you are playing this game.For me the story is hard to understand, I need to read a wiki in order to understand it. The ingame details doesn't provide much information.However the good things is the graphic is awesome, the paradigm battle model is great, the sound track is great too. And once you pass the 20 hours mark, the game is truly beautiful and exciting."
,Recommended,292120,13338756,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,despe,Good
,Recommended,292120,13345215,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Taktrellarin,"Personally I think it's a good game, great in fact, but for some reason, it runs fine on my laptop all menus work and such, on max res, etc. But on my PC the inventory/menus don't show up, only the Pause menu, and abilities won't even show up :/"
76561198089910101,Recommended,292120,13356729,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RaveN'Fury,"uhhhh...the voiceovers are gone either japanese or english, tried validating my local files but nothing happened.i dont wanna reinstall since it took me 5-6 hours of downloading and that hours are so precious so please help,anyone?"
76561197992823020,Recommended,292120,13360451,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ChiliP,Thank you SQUARE! Finally with the resolution patch I can recommend this game :3 thx square
,Recommended,292120,13362807,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,qazgosu,i wished that every starring FF character would be as manly as Lightning >.>
,Recommended,292120,13364083,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,frog,nice
,Recommended,292120,13375404,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Scribble,"Played on PS3, good game"
,Recommended,292120,13451488,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kupuntu,"XIII, despite its flaws is still an enjoyable game. It suffers from the same linear design as FFX (where it was much less of a problem, in my opinion) and the combat starts out very slow. However, when the game near its end you start to get to harder and harder battles and eventually you actually have to plan your battle choices more. Paradigm shifting is a neat way to control your characters in battle, but it should have been a little more mandatory in the first few hours to make it more interesting. Characters are very bland compared to other Final Fantasies but the story otherwise reminds me of FFX. Sounds and music is still great, as expected from Square.Overall I'd say this is a game you should buy if you're looking for a non-standard JRPG and you're willing to overlook the problems it has. Otherwise, save your money."
,Recommended,292120,13471906,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Serdan,Thanks for the fix. Hopefully there is a fix where in battle scene fps drops to 30. at some point it is stable on 60fps while using 1080 reso.
76561197971222686,Recommended,292120,13485591,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,treros,Been playing for more then 8 hrs and all is well. Great Game !!!!!!
76561198015428964,Recommended,292120,12941987,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,joegotrice,big fan of final fantasy great game had no issues what so ever on Geforce GTX 660M and GTX 750 Ti.
,Recommended,292120,12944970,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,NegativePositive,"Not sure what everyone is so butt hurt about. Plays just fine for me, and I really enjoy the game."
76561198164468525,Recommended,292120,13065354,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,mrtoma45,played this game when it first came out on ps3 and loved it ever since playing it now with the same excitement as i did the first time around and i completed the game at least three times
,Recommended,292120,25083920,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,silper terossss,"epic story,i like it"
76561198143742606,Recommended,292120,13031777,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,bgenovesmd,"So, since the update in Dec, the game runs so much better on my Laptop. Higher resolution. Battles are smoother and look like PS4 graphics with improved FR and Resolition. Thanks Square Enix. Hope they continue this when they release sequels."
,Recommended,292120,13092919,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Grawn Castillo,"I really love this game,  and not free roam, i though it was when it relased for 360 or ps3."
76561198178070621,Recommended,292120,23904424,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,pmahouti,"very nice game, but it starts to be a little boring at later parts. still good it has a very good story"
,Recommended,292120,33001968,Posted: 29 June,all,Reakz1337,love
,Not Recommended,292120,16477339,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TuTo,I'cant play this game is not working in windows 8.1 64bits
76561197972391474,Not Recommended,292120,16487789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dinomoto Mennovi,"Play it reluctantly.Story doesn't make sense or just very badly explained.The Battle system is cool at first, but oh boy is it boring after a while.Couldn't give a flying fish about the ""protaganists""Do they not get hurt from falling from great heights, no cuts, nothing.Oh and musn't forget the amount of SERAH!"
76561198089203225,Recommended,292120,15153609,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,bloodredrose666,"brillient game, grphics amazing"
76561198115788509,Recommended,292120,12567291,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,zambo.zsolt,"At the beginning I really hated this game. But after a few hours of play, it became better and better.What I don't like:- Scripts are too cheesy for me.- During battle I can control only 1 character.- I miss the old turn-based game mechanics. Here, I only have time to switch between paradigms and use autobattle. I prefer to think over my next step and choose wisely.- Too flat, no really interactions, no real shops, hotels etc.- PC port is really simple. There's no customization of settings at all.What I like:- Massive content- Great story- Great music (in-game music sometimes a little boring, mostly at the beginning)"
,Recommended,292120,26592913,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ǝɟ!ן.ou.ǝɯɐƃ.ou,I do recommend this game if you are a FF fan.
,Recommended,292120,12451003,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,jernesto,"So far no problems with the game. Runs good, i hope i don't find problems ahead.If you like ff series you'll like this one."
,Not Recommended,292120,15394185,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,poop device,"Pretty, but difficult to get into. Sazh's character made me uncomfortable."
76561198012410856,Recommended,292120,12452856,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SkyLancer880,"Not so bad port of console game, as many people say (especially for that price).+ I'd like to see more [not] ported games from consoles on PC.+ ""Final Fantasy"" - is a great series of games (at least been), that many years been exclusive for home consoles and, finally, comes to PC (but after many years, and the loss of relevance).~ I play with gamepad and have no any problem with ESC button (but it must be fixed).~ Really, why low resolution and no even simple options, settings for sound and display? As many, i modify profile for the game in video card options.~ I have only minor frame rate drop (and my system setup meet recommended), so i have no questions of optimisation for PC (but even on my ""full AMD"" system it must fly, like a supersonic jet). This game of home consoles of 2006 year, and today is end of 2014 - you know, that i mean.~ Game in some places colorful in some looks barren (looks like heritage of lack of RAM and video memory on consoles).- It's really linear, and it bad (but of course it not fault of those, who ported game). I wish that there was an open world, because i like it very well.- You can play in this game (and win) by pressing only one button - this is degradation.- And yes - 60 GB it is not for this quality of game. Cut scenes must be on game engine (and it can be). Natural size of game is about 8 GB.I compare this game with Final Fantasy VIII, which was also on PC.May be [not] ports from PS4 and Xbox One be in better conditions?""Smells like"" Final Fantasy Definitive Edition - with more shaders, more polys on characters and game objects, hi res textures and so on...Just play and don't think about bad (all we know it, why it is so).And please, more localisation for more countries, so that they could also enjoy this game.Thanks to ""Valve"" (and Steam)."
76561198098065301,Recommended,292120,12451910,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Kill3rTeddy,"If you don't have a PS3 and are a fan of Final Fantasy, you definetly should try the game despite of what others may have said about it. I understand the game is a whooping 60GB and the graphic is stuck at 720p. Even then, the game itself is still amazing.Now stop reading the comments below, don't let others decide the game for you. If you're interested, go get it!"
76561198044910564,Recommended,292120,12456602,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,miyamoto,Watched Lightning wash her hands with her gloves on!Would watch again.
,Recommended,292120,12451816,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Archangel,"Not that far in, but the game is excellent - unfairly hit with poor reviews thanks to Square Enix not including any advanced PC graphics settings. Even so, 5 minutes overriding the settings with nVidia Control Panel sorts out a lot of things. Pity the resolution can't be pushed up, but it's not enough of an issue to hold back my overall enjoyment of the game."
76561198070548619,Recommended,292120,12452405,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Willcutus,"I am happy this game got ported to PC, because it was a good game in my book.  Was it ported well? No, but there is already a mod to fix the 720p issue, and it's still a good game that got ported to PC.I hope to see more PC ports of FF games in the future, provided they are able to learn from the mistakes they made with this one in future games.If you liked FFXIII on console, you should pick this game up.  If you are on the fence, wait for a price drop.  Even with the flaws (that can be fixed, get the resolution modhere), it's worth it."
76561198239677292,Recommended,292120,33870788,Posted: 28 July,all,The Three of them,"Take me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the mother♥♥♥♥ing headuh ha ha ha ha ha ha habet you've never seen a wreck like this,yo, but I'm always doing better than your peers and your ♥♥♥♥♥, so,what you trying to say about my wrists?yo, I'm old yeller, yelling at the top of my lungsbut I'm always at the top of it,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm like the runt litterI made a deal with God that let's me live to the fullest,but with the company paying bitter."
,Recommended,292120,24315042,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Plaincow,"DONT LISTEN TO EVERYONE ELSE THIS GAMES DOPE AF, just has fps issues"
76561198081966238,Not Recommended,292120,13419639,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,berderder,"Man.  So linear.  I know it is tagged as such, but still.  C'mon.  It gets really repetitive.  The battle is pretty cool, but it's fight/dodge enemies for a little while, pick up some item orbs, fight a boss.  Repeat.  Rinse, repeat.  I am 7 hours into the game, and I feel that is plenty of time to establish some other interesting elements to the game.  The art direction is awesome, I enjoy the voice acting, and otherwise the world and story is interesting, but, Final Fantasy XIII in my opinion leaves a lot to be desired."
76561198356328672,Recommended,292120,33041577,Posted: 30 June,all,Panic,"Creative combat and excellent characters and story, though linearity may be a problem it isn't something that bothers me much.Though I do have to admit it can get repetive at some times it'sworth it once you get to then."
,Not Recommended,292120,34320139,Posted: 17 August,all,Zora,"This game is way too linear, all the maps are basically corridors with slight deviation in paths. the combat isn't fun enough to make up for the linearness. The cutscenes and the story is good tho"
,Not Recommended,292120,13953341,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,John Hadley,"I enjoy the Final Fantasy games and this one is no exception, but I have to suggest that you play this on a game console not the PC if that is available.  It has crashed a number of times while playing it.  I have up-to-date drivers and don't have issues like this with other games that I own.Its not unplayable.  It crashes infrequently enough to play but still frequently enough for me to call the game unstable.  I've never had that issue on any console versions of any Final Fantasy game on PS, PS2, or Xbox 360.   The issue might be limited to a particular graphics effect that some bosses use or some kind of leak in the reloading system because these crashes usually seem to happen when I have to keep retrying a boss fight that I have failed.  Currently I am fighting Barthandelus the second time in the game and it has crashed three times in about 3 hours as I keep retrying this fight."
,Recommended,292120,33569645,Posted: 15 July,all,solace,Gr8
,Not Recommended,292120,18185390,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,dorimani,Boring story. Horrible user-experience. Just don't...
,Not Recommended,292120,18332927,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The Vicious Snake,"The game itself is good, but the port is pretty damn horrible. I'm also unable to rebind my move keys to ESDF which is an instant no-no in my book."
76561198213215289,Recommended,292120,29037684,Posted: 5 January,all,Raineru,"I like JRPG, that's all that matters I guess"
76561198051579437,Not Recommended,292120,17585635,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,NepNep,Call of Fantasy: Lightning Ops
76561198044268582,Recommended,292120,21631545,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mrbean,It's OK.
,Recommended,292120,23780912,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NBMTX,"I'm not sure if this is a game FOR Final Fantasy fans or the complete opposite.It could be said it was a game looking to try something new and/or capture new comers to the genre and/or franchise... but the gameplay is more ""interesting"" to seasoned RPG players who want something different, while newcomers would likely just be put off by it.It looks great, even with limited enemy models (which is probably an FF fan point of acceptance), but that initial hallway grinding is seriously a dozen or so hours too long... granted, it did more than get me in tune with the combat mechanics and role strategizing in advance of being let loose into a fairly tough world (which is what they had claimed it would be the entire point up to then)... I could see that initial grind fest putting off A LOT of non-fans of the series... as well as fans of the series.For Final Fantasy Fan Points:-it's a JRPG where you assign roles [as opposed to classes like in past games, which are also roles but  with micromanaged actions].-From a game/story design standpoint, the experiences you have in the opposing worlds have interesting parallel values to the playing experience. It starts off repressive, linear, seemingly easy yet aggrevating, expected, etc... and as you learn things and you approach your sort of exile, as you learn your focus, things become more complex and tougher, but you also become more free... eventually leaving that bleak world for a more expansive open one with a lot more freedom but also some pretty tough obstacles along the way also.-great looking animations, IMO-I like the music-in terms of a game in an RPG collection, it's IMO a unique game to have in a collection and once your far enough along, further grinding towards a goal is a lot more enjoyable .Not so Fan Friendly points--grinding in various hallways for dozens of hours-not being able to make your preferred group for dozens of hours-not being able to earn gil AND exp for upgrading for dozens of hours (its one or the other)-not being able to change into new classes for dozens of hours-sometimes aggrevating wasted efforts by certain group characters in certain roles who could/should clearly be doing a different action in their assigned role (for dozens of hours, till you can change into their place and execute the proper actions)-Seems like story events could have had more impact with just a little more effort. (at least in terms of the trilogy)"
,Not Recommended,292120,28332585,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Oridjinn,"I have had minimal performance issues, they were consitent through the entire game, but they barely affected the gameplay for me.I do not have a huge issue with the hallway like design of the dungeons. It is a nice change from the massive confusing dungeons other JRPGs tend to have that make me want to put a game down and never touch it again.The issue I do have is with the absolutely enenjoyable battle system. The tactics needed to defeat enemies is zero fun to figure out.And the only thing worse than the combat is the absolute garbage storyline.I am happy I finally made it through this game (Owned on PS3 Since release day)... But there was no satisfaction watching the end credits. Just frustration that square could no have made a better game."
76561198123392571,Recommended,292120,23855562,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hooker,NOBODY better touch me! Thats all I know ! :-)
76561198346962597,Recommended,292120,28606693,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,labaker1999,cant wait to waste my life replaying this game
,Recommended,292120,21622038,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DAFUM,Chocobo <3
,Recommended,292120,21681918,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,An,LIGHTNING FOR SMASH!!!!!! WHO'S WITH ME???
76561198124838976,Recommended,292120,21585125,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Specterfuge,"MehEdit: Allow me to elaborate. While I still maintain my initial one word review is perfectly accurate for how I feel about this game, I should probably add some insight.Is it the best or worst rpg you'll ever play? Extremely unlikely in both regards. The game is very linear for the longest time and while I personally believe that that's not neccessarily a bad thing in story driven rpgs, there is very little room for exploration within that linearity. It does consist of mostly hallways and if there's a route you don't need to take to get to the next objective which is always marked on the map, Spoiler Alert: 9 times out of 10 there's a treasure sphere there (this games chest equivalent).Despite it's linear style, I actually liked the story and thought it was well told however it is alittle confusing at first especially with key aspects of it having similar names. The battle system is another thing I liked especially with the depth it gains as you advance further in the game and unlock new characters. Enemies are visable on the world map and you manually engage them (most of the time) allowing you to actually sneak up on them for a pre-emptive attack which nets you a huge starting bonus for the battle.So with all these seemingly positive things to say about it, why just a ""meh""? Well, there are times when the game gets really frustrating. Early on (and for quite sometime after) you deal with split partys of specific characters. While it functions well with the story and it serves a secondary purpose of allowing you to explore how those characters work within the battle system, one character in particular is just outright insufferable.The segments where you are stuck with him seem to take forever for two reasons: One, terrible character and two, early on he isn't exactly a powerhouse. Near the end game he's not nearly as bad in both regards but you hang in there because it takes QUITE some time for that to be the case.So a terrible character ruins a lot of the early to mid game and by the time he finally comes around, the damage has already been done. Outside of that though, its not the worst game you'll ever play though it has its fair share of poorly executed aspects.I intend to play the entire trilogy so I'll be reviewing them all."
,Recommended,292120,15413779,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xyloritus,Amazing game. Don't listen to negative reviews. Graphics are amazing an performance is not bad despite my medium spec rig. The conversion is not perfect but I've seen worse. A lot of ppl is complaining about the story but that means they didn't understand it because the game doesn't tell you the whole story. You must read some stuff and inspect logs in the menus. The story is awesome. I have played almost all FF games and this one is one of the best.
76561198014154969,Recommended,292120,14851709,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Lestat,now can't exit game.
76561198109309735,Recommended,292120,14938912,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,StarlightsGleam,this game is great
,Recommended,292120,29940203,Posted: 15 February,all,Jão,"Good port, albeit have limited graphical settings"
,Recommended,292120,13821795,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,cosporcos,"Very nice game and the first final fantasy that i play.amazing deep battle system, beautiful world, well organized menu navigation."
,Recommended,292120,35119749,Posted: 21 September,all,WonderWaffle207,"it was pretty good when it came out, and it's pretty good now."
,Recommended,292120,35150250,Posted: 23 September,all,Arknight,Final Fantasy + Transformers = This game.
76561198154745863,Recommended,292120,35232482,Posted: 26 September,all,Speedy Gonzales :),N1 :)
76561198036802919,Not Recommended,292120,27994900,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chicken Loco,"Is this really what FF has become? I can’t get over the voice actors, or the battle system, or the story, or any of this really. Remember when story was the key element of a FF game? When everyone stood in a line, like it was the Revolutionary War, and each side smacked on the other until something died. When the characters didn’t stand around looking awkward half the time because at those pixel rates awkward didn’t really exist. I’ve been playing the series since I was a kid. FF1 and then 3, then that one that was either 4 or 5 or 6, and then 7, 8, and 9. Then 10 came out and I played that one as well. And it was 10-2 where I started losing interest because something smelled funny about it. Then I picked this one up, on sale, thank the gods, and it seems like Square has just given up.“They want something new,” a manager says.“Does it have to be good?” a programmer yells back.Then they all laugh, because people will buy and fanboy on it regardless.I honestly feel bad for the characters. Their performances are cringe worthy. The story doesn’t make much sense, and yes, I realize this was a continuation, but shouldn’t it still make some sense? X2 stood on its own, even if it wasn’t that good. And the battle system is boring. Jump over here, stab, stab, jump, lose your place. Creatures mindlessly wandering around the battlefield. Sure, I’ve only given it 2 hours, but I can’t for the life of me commit another minute to this game."
76561198260021189,Recommended,292120,34892538,Posted: 11 September,all,Dolh,"It's hard to say this is a good or bad port...At first, i can't get it to run at 60fps no matter what i do, but now, after i upgraded my PC from AMD Phenom II x6 1055t to AMD Ryzen 5 1600x, using the default setting, i can run at 60fps.I really have no idea how to do it, maybe just need a proper cpu? But IF u can get it to run at 60fps, this is quite a nice port. Everything just looks great on 60fps"
76561198252285880,Recommended,292120,25873764,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,sutairianosu,I guess it is ok
76561198163766004,Not Recommended,292120,15429259,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,bakisha,"-Story 4/10Confusing plot, confusing end...-Battle system 5/10Auto battle simulator, no sense of party control, boring button-pressing.-Gameplay 3/10Linear corridor gameplay, sidequest avaible only after completing 75% of game-Graphic 10/10Graphic is good, effects are good, for me is quite satisfactory-Sound 9/10Enjoyable, nothing extraordinary but good-PC Port 6/10Beside resolution, shadow resolution and antialiasing no other options. Framerate hickups (that i manage to minimize by setting cpu afinity to ""high"" in task manager)-Replay 1/10Worst FF in terms of replayability. It means another 40 hours of corridor autofighting to be able to something different then previous gameplay. ""Non-ending"" game means i'll rather continue playing after story ends then start a new one. Meh...Overall 5/10Not bad game, but so much things wrong with this Final Fantasy compared to previous ones. I love turn-based FF's, I'm still playing FF 7/8/9 on my Xperia Play and FF X/X-II/XII on PC with PCSX2 (and yes, i still have PSone and slimPS2)I'm sad to see that FF franchise is transforming from party turn-based battle system into single leader real-time hack&slash KH clone"
,Not Recommended,292120,32268466,Posted: 8 June,all,fireYtail,"This game isn't as bad as they say, it's even almost acceptable, but it doesn't deserve to be named as ""Final Fantasy"". Its graphics are very good, and it has an acceptable soundtrack, although the later can result repetitive at times and isn't as good for a Final Fantasy title. The story is very confusing and it's just vomited at you, you're just vomited lots of information which is never explained, I had very serious trouble understanding what was going on for about the first half of the game. It's so linear you can hardly get lost, though. I've played it on Intel HD Graphics, 3.2 GHz CPU and 4 GB RAM. I haven't had any important FPS drops but I had a crash during the first cutscene on chapter 8. In order to get past the crash, simply play in windowed mode. Fortunately, all cutscenes are skippable if you pause the game first.The battle system forces you to abuse potions until you're allowed (or rather, forced) to use ""formations"". Potions are so underpowered, as they only heal 99 fixed HP, while phoenix downs are so overpowered, they heal over 50% of your HP, making death often preferable to healing, which is messed up. You can only control your party leader and if they die, it's game over. Running away has been completely deleted in this game, so it's either win or lose. ""Formations"" consist of changing your characters' roles in battle, and it's the only strategy battles involve since the only other thing you have to do is spam autobattle. This game consists of excessive grinding once you reach the end of chapter 6, which is annoying and desperating. What makes it even worse is sometimes you can't come back and grind, so make sure to have multiple save files.To finish, the final boss is almost unbeatable. Not only does it have insane HP, but it has attacks which instantly kill your party leader (game over), apply stop on your whole party, or apply ""useless"" on your whole party, not to mention poisonga, and it casts doom on your party leader once its HP hits 50% (Doom cannot be removed) The best from this game: its graphics and the fact that you (almost) can't get lost. The worst from this game: its grinding and the final boss' deathly attacks, not allowing you to beat the game."
76561198031839889,Recommended,292120,12623423,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,jassonator,"Good game, lazy port."
,Not Recommended,292120,12449275,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Subli,"MAJOR ISSUES:- Locked at 720p (reallly ?? you port it to pc and can`t even make it 1080?? I mean on the PC world 1080 is standard and the minimum expected, i was hoping for 4k)- ESC instantly quits the game with no warning and no save. (REALLY ?? of all the keys you chose ESC ?? )- No key binding option to remove that ESC (-_-)- No video/audio configurations at all ( We are not dirty console peasants with the same low end setup, we are the PC Master Race we expect 1080 @ 60fps minimum,  improve your game SquareEnix)MINOR ISSUES:- 59GB download of uncompressed video (really is it so hard to compress the videos?)- Stuttering, I personally didn't get tons of it but so far it's happened 2 or 3 times in certain locations.- Key bindings are awfulPROS:+ They added Japanese audio on EU/NA Steam packages.At least the modding comunnity stepped up and already fixed some issues (they fixed it in 48h and are not even payed for that), Should have downloaded the torrent and donated my money to the modders. Spending my money on this game was a waste and a incentive to bad ports like this, and for that i`m sorry."
,Not Recommended,292120,12627938,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Shaman,"I love this game. Just wanted to get that out there, I love the franchise and the trilogy. I've watched every cutscene from 13, 13-2 and 13-3. And the story is magnificent.All that being said I need to give my honest review.For those who have played the game before...head to a flea market and pick up the ps3 or xbox version. The port is too glitchy and buggy to be enjoyable and function in many people's cases (see the community pages.) I've finally gotten it too work somewhat on my machine but with 20 or so fps max. Square seems eager to patch some problems but we're still waiting.For those interested in this game or the trilogy...The characters are cookie cutter archetypes, the story is good and presented well, but many times the game is so concerned with it's  fantasy concepts and terms that it leaves the players in the dust. The combat is fun but confusing. The leveling up system is confusing but ultimately gives you no options in character customization. The weapon upgrade system is difficult and confusing. But that's pretty common Final Fantasy stuff. Watch some videos before buying, it's a love or despise game"
76561198112586838,Recommended,292120,12636188,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,northsidelunatic,"I played the game all the way thru and had some fun times in combat, couldnt tell you about the story  cause I didnt watch any of the cutscenes"
,Recommended,292120,12644523,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Himi-chan no kanojo da!,"Great jRPG, deep story and intense combat. It also has a great number of difficult challenges in the end game content. It took me around 75 hours to complete the game and get all the achievements, so at this price it's a steal imo. Also to be noted the PC version is ALOT smoother than the PS3 version which I have also completed. The 60fps is really a new way to experience the game. Also to note that the PC version has the Japanese Audio which is awesome and also I encountered no frame rate drops anywhere in the game, for me it was a solid experience."
76561198006014195,Recommended,292120,12621696,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Echonight,Whatever you do... Do NOT press the Esc button!
76561198124085451,Recommended,292120,12668814,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ChaosUltima,"I have waited for this game for so long... A great RPG and a great battle strategy game. It is really addictive as well! But... it can be a little repetitive. Anyway, the game is worth it."
76561197999994731,Not Recommended,292120,12468934,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Blank,Complete Trash. Controls are terrible. The visuals are extremely choppy. If i had bought a physical copy of this port i would have sent it back and demanded a refund. I am unable to get out of the tutorial. None of my controls are responsive and the screen just keeps spinning. Please do not give them any more money until they fix the blatant problems with this port.
,Not Recommended,292120,12652364,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Gothique,"Linear third-person action game, with some RPG elements, and faux 'free-roam', disguised as a Final Fantasy.It also features the worst character ever in the history of Final Fantasy: Hope Estheim."
,Recommended,292120,13734537,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cheese Time,"-Fight as a shota with a boomerang-Or as a guy who has a chicken in his hair-Turn into a sparkle crystal-Enjoy a game that doesn't have fetch quests or a time consuming open world, just one continuous story and some development of characters.-Get lag on your top spec $1k gaming PC"
,Not Recommended,292120,12445170,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Asterozoa,"As of PC vanilla release,- 720p only- Stuttering in battle, frame rate fluctuates from 60 to 30 whenever the HUD is present- Video and audio options are non-existent- ESC key exits the game with no warning whatsoever- Unable to remap keybinds on controller- Asian IPs that purchased the game from Steam are locked in with the JP voiceover with no freedom of choiceOverall an atrocious port that is on par with Dark Souls 1 PC release.And here I thought SE would have already learnt from their past FFXIV failure to not release a half baked game, I guess not!Not recommended to purchase. Stay away(for now)."
,Recommended,292120,12635518,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,WINDBAYOU,"For those who loved Final Fantasy series, this game inherited various things from the previous games. Aside from its linearity and other weaknesses, this game is worth playing."
76561198024732291,Recommended,292120,12636336,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Buggy,Pretty good.
76561198055837140,Recommended,292120,12743156,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Y2K_L.Barns,cant wait for sequel... i hope will release ASAP
76561198000254031,Not Recommended,292120,12661955,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,romaric,"This games seems beautifull... but it's not working correctly with my computer. I'm unable to get the correct visual ratio and there isn't any option to set screen resolution or aspect ratio. I don't mind using an old resolution like 720p (this is an old game) but the fact aspect ratio isn't configurable is very bad. It's playable, but I'm crazy to see lightning deformed :(I've tried to use GeDoSaTo, but for some reason the game doesn't start any more when it's activated.Until this will be corrected by square, I will strongly advise you to avoid this game on PC."
76561198029817853,Not Recommended,292120,12578300,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Vermilion,"Do NOT buy this game unless you can tolerate the stuttering every 1 second (along with other problems like freezing, lags, fps drops etc.)I did some research and found out that it's caused by the client constantly searching for a 'controller'.I guess you can fix the problem if you have a ps controller but why the hell should you need one when it's on PC?I'm really disappointed by this poor porting and it looks like they didnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about optimization.I strongly suggest you dont buy this game until they release patches to fix these problems."
76561198058473743,Not Recommended,292120,12482215,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lady Rainicorn,"so after a 50gig download, first thing i notice is that the the visuals are jumping and freezing constantly, and on top of that sor some reason the there is no voice audio. the background music and some of the sound effects work but on the opening scene all i can hear is the train passengers screaming and lightning grunting, no gunshots or voices to go with the subtitles. shortly after this i noticed that once ""ingame"" the video seems to speed up then slow down continuously. i have played emulator games better made than this. this is an insult to the final fantasy franchise."
76561198031519534,Not Recommended,292120,12605408,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,tuton,"Not enough graphic options. 720p only in recent PC games is just absurd. This could've been fixed before game was published in PC version. What the hell was Square doing before the release?No freedom in key-bindings. It seems so god damn obvious that Square doesn't understand a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what PC games are about. Before even planning about releasing the rest of the series, Square should research more and fix what they have done wrong in this game.One of the worst optimization I've ever seen. Games stutters and lags a lot in high-end PC. It was unbearable and I had to uninstall the game. If this issue is not fixed soon, I'm very much doubtful that I would ever install this game onto my PC again.I'm so unhappy about this purchase. The sole reason I'm not asking for a refund is that I still believe that fixes will be coming."
76561198035272057,Not Recommended,292120,12620429,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SP,"Doesn't work on my PC - as for many others it seems - rubbish,  There are many suggested solutions from the community, but nothing works, and there's no support"
76561197975225049,Not Recommended,292120,12642660,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MissQQ,"I played this game on PS 3 and this ame is good. But the voice over option for Asia is pathethic. No choice at all but just given a Jap voice with english subtitles. Not all asians speak jap and it is disappointing Steam does not recognize this but prefer to set an Asian stereotype. Till they resolve this issue, not recommended."
,Recommended,292120,12628397,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chit Dynasty,"Beautiful masterpiece.Watched a friend play this game back when it just came out for ps3 and xbox. I fell in love with the graphics and scenery right away. For months, I kept looking for a way to play this on a PC but was fruitless in my search.Until now, when they finally ported Final Fantasy XIII over.Because this is a port, the graphics were limited to 720p with the fps locked.But, the game is just as beautiful and enjoyable, even on my crappy old laptop with Nvidia 350M and Intel Graphics.The character development was extremely well written. Each character had their story very well developed and I was fully immersed in it.As always, Masashi Hamauzu's arrangements for the soundtracks were brilliant. My first hour was spent just watching the opening scenematics and listening to the start up menu soundtrack.The game started out pretty draggy, but it was because the tutorials were implemented. Pretty easy to pick up, even when I've never experienced any FF games before. *Though I will get the rest, when I do have the time to play them.*For the price, it was a steal and a no-brainer. I'll definitely get my hands on FFXIII-2 and FFXIII: Lightning Returns when they come out next year. Get this game if you want to experience something else than just regular hack and slash and have lots of time to burn, because it does get grind-y at a certain point."
76561198095319249,Not Recommended,292120,12613446,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,zxb5022,"the esc button simply exits out of the whole game, really annoying wouldnt normally be a problem except the fact that Ive grown so used to hitting the esc button to bring up a menu for the game that I accidently hit the button and exit the game all the time"
,Recommended,292120,12613924,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,jeremy.santos88,"I had originally bought this game for PS3 when it came out. Off the bat this game doesn't have any way to change the resolution so you have to download a plugin which will allow you to do that OR you have to force the resolution to what you want through your nVidia or Ati settings.With my logitech pc game pad it plays just like it should on the console version, except now i get to play it in 1080p goodness at a SMOOTH as silk 60fps.Amazing game, and with a little tweaking, a awesome port to PC. I hope Square Enix continues to cater to it's PC crowd because I am just not seeing the appeal right now for the latest in consoles."
,Not Recommended,292120,25527893,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dudemanguy,"This is my first Steam review because that's how bad this interactive movie is. The first 3 hours have no gameplay, and I only stuck it out that long because Lightning seened cool. But it seems as though they focused 99% of their efforts on Lightning because every new character that is introduced has cringy dialogue that could have been written by a child.. except for all the silly proper-nouns that get thrown around.The graphics are the only positive about the game, but is far from perfect. They spend all this effort on the faces, but the hands! I was very distraced whenever they would do a close-up on the hands.Apparently the gameplay does not start until 20 hours in. Sorry, I am not waiting around that long. I'm gonna go play the FFX HD remake instead."
,Recommended,292120,12568117,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,▬thrysray,Do you recommend this game?Yes.
,Recommended,292120,12692317,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,へ ( =￣ ^ ￣= へ )彡,"because lightning, thats all"
76561198025920513,Recommended,292120,12488736,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,HotBasio,it took me 6 days to complete download. but it worth it.so you want to know why 6 days because my internet speed just 1mb.
,Recommended,292120,12619785,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Maive,not a perfect port to pc but awesome game nonetheless.hoping they will patch the stutter bug and video options.
76561198058366863,Recommended,292120,12624414,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bobtail Cat,"For Final Fantasy fans , i recommend this . Nice storyline . Good soundtrack . Voice over Japanese . Just like watching anime . Good battle system . Keep Calm and Love Final Fantasy !"
,Recommended,292120,12611784,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Lightning,Amazing game 13/10.
76561198218128432,Recommended,292120,25482880,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,无限剑制,best game
,Recommended,292120,12439115,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Athener,"Despite the huge hard disk memory requirements and ""Esc-Insta kill"" This game is very good, works fluently even on PC with low spec, the graphic is also amusing although graphic options are still not availabe.I hope the developer will release patches soon, and make this game even better! :)"
,Recommended,292120,12701730,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Chobie,ONE OF THE BEST FF STORIES EVER. THE SOUNDTRACK IS AMAZINGGGGGGGG. WOULD RECOMMEND TO A FRIEND 10/10 CUZ WE DEM BOYS
,Recommended,292120,12429260,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Yoru,Such feelings! For those who already played it on the console and bought it again thumps up. Even when this game got criticize very harsh it is still a wonderful game with a complicated but heartrending feeling! Every character in this game got such a nice personality and damn I just forgot how cute and adorable vanille is. Maybe its just because of the japanese audio and this is such a cool feature for the pc version. Its sad that this is only capped to 720p but still its running so lightly and smoothly without any fps problems. Even when its very linear it will always be a good game in my eyes and Im sure that im not the only person who think so. For new players who didnt play this game yet just be sure that the game is very linear but you will definetely fall in love with the characters and the story and in my opinion final fantasy games need that :)So if you dont compare the FFXIII Series with the older FF Games then this game definetely wont disappoint you. Its not the old classic round based gameplay and the setting of this world is more like in a new century with airships guns and stuff. Except of the linear story which is only included in FFXIII the game comes up with a nice new gameplay and lovely characters and story!
76561197999978585,Recommended,292120,12650858,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Spaghetti Man,"Before continuing to read this review, please consider the general rule that this game is without a doubt a poorly done transition from the Xbox360 and PS3 consoles, and a port that still needed a few more tweaks before releasing it for the PC but with that out of the way, please allow me to continue.Final Fantasy XIII is without a doubt one of the greatest games I have ever experienced. The gameplay is strategic and challenging, the music is enchanting, the atmosphere is magnificent, and it truly feels like Square Enix finally pulled their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥ Unfortunately, there are flaws to this game which must be pointed out. A lot of which are minor, but are introduced early in the game which will immediately discourage players and completely sour their initial experience. Please allow me to place the cons before continuing.Cons: -First two/three hours of gameplay are spent with boring battles with little difference/challenge (THE BIG ONE)-If the party leader dies, it's considered a game over-On occasion, there's a rather lengthy animation between switching paradigms-You cannot modify your party until towards the end of Chapter 9-You can only acquire Gil by either selling items or by finding it (ANOTHER BIG ONE)-Tricky to understand plotPort Cons: (You probably already read about it, but take it from me)-50 GB-720p-No graphical settings-I've heard rumors of a drop in frame rate, although I've never experienced this, I have no reason to doubt itMain Con: -Lightning and Hope don't get down and dirty ; -;Alright, those are basically the main reasons why I wouldn't recommend this game. People who stand on unsteady ground in terms of how strong their rig is, you'd be better off just playing the PS3 and Xbox360 version.FF13 exhibits a change in gameplay which is a bit different than Final Fantasies prior to it. Instead of turn based combat, you'll experience ""real time combat"" which I've seen done in Final Fantasy XII, but have never truly grown accustomed to. The whole point of the combat system is to create ""Paradigms"" which are basically your battle plans with each character posing as a different class. There are six classes in total. The first is Commando, which is basically your Warrior class. The second is Ravager, which stands as your black mage. The third is Medic, which shall be your white mage. The fourth is Saboteur, which will work to lower the offensive or defensive aspects of your foes. The fifth is Synergist, which works to strengthen themselves and their comrades. The sixth and final class is the Sentinel who works to protect the party. Creating Paradigms involves selecting what each character will play as to suit the fighting style you wish to establish.For example, if I switch to the paradigm, ""Relentless Assault"", which is a composition of two Ravagers and a single Commando. I would have two characters using black magic (which involves spells such as Fire and Water) while somebody tackles the foe with Attack or Ruin (non-elemental damage).The gameplay, as I briefly mentioned earlier, is strategic and fun to master. I still continue to learn a thing or two and I've played this game countlessly on my dusty old Xbawx. All there is left to mention is to not let the beginning portion of the game deteriorate your will to continue playing. The rest of the game is simply magnificent. The plot may be difficult to rest a finger on, but it quickly draws you, alike the rest of the magic this game has to offer.I would strongly recommend it (8.5/10)"
,Recommended,292120,12428150,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MrAntiHappy,"*Updated*I see SQ fixed a lot of the problems people were upset over. The gameplay is fair, although the leveling in this is the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥*Updated**Original Post*This wonderful story takes place when Final Fantasy VII was the only story they could think of when making the beginning part of the game. Follow along with a female Cloud as we watch each character learn that they're not the only asshats in the world. Trust, love, kindness and hope. There's none of that♥♥♥♥♥♥here, no sir there's not a bit of that. WONDERFUL MUSIC SO BUY THIS AWESOME GAME. 13 out of 7 for this game.The card are all Lightning, so if you ever wanted to tell all of your friend (If you have any) how much you love this game. you should get them all and print them."
76561198112067539,Recommended,292120,12610280,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,netjunky23,"I used to play all the final fantasy games on playstation many years ago with such memories, i switched strictly to pc gaming and lost interest in ff games after ffx. i was looking forward to the pc version of one of the lastest ff titles in the series and glad this was released. If you can live without graphics settings or no resolution options then this pc version is satisfying. the game still looks great and the cinematics are excellent. im happy with it and getting back into the ff series again is like old times. great game"
76561198010299734,Not Recommended,292120,23506490,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,JBay,"Why would you inflict yourself such punition? It has to be the worst AAA game i've ever played. 6/20Tl;dr. Avoid at all costGood:Graphic: Arguably decent if you don't mind dumb looking monster and character wearing coat at a sunny beach. Movie part looks amazing but are completely empty, it's just random action.Tech: I didn't have any problem running the game, alt-tab, loading etc. I could change resolution.Japanese voice, too bad the dialogue are completely dumb or meaningless.BadStory: InexistentCharacter: totaly plain or simpletonExploration: You run in a corridor for 40 hours. Straight ahead of course.FIght: You spam press the A button to do automatic action because it's the most efficient things to do. Change stance of your main character from time to time. You don't play the others so ... if you need some buff/heal, you can pray RNG gods.Balance: I avoided monster as much as possible, I was under leveled, I couldn't beat early boss after 25 minute fight or even some random monster. I still managed to beat the last boss in 2 minute, around 3 rotation. Go figure.No city, no shop; you find weapons in crates along the corridor you walk into, impossible to miss any. no side mini-game, weapon upgrade consist in blowing loot you find while killing monster, didn't upgrade anything, still rekt final boss.Summon monster are link to character you play. Since I played only with Lightning (the main chick) I just saw Odin the whole game. Design of summon is a joke. I mean, Shiva transforming into a bike ? Wtf. Ifrit is a derby car ? damn.I played most of the game watching tv, not even looking at what I was doing. I feel I didn't miss anything. I'm sur you can find a better use of those 40 hours than I did."
,Not Recommended,292120,13282936,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Chiken | Gamdom.com,I wish this game actually had some MiniGames like IX.Where you could challenge anyone to a Cards Game.or go on a ride with your Chocobo and hunt Treasures.Catch frogs with your Character and a lot more.Final Fantasy 9 was most certanly the BEST FF - Game.had a Great story like EVERY TOWN had its own STORY plus with a lot more Minigames.Positive++Great Graphics and Story+Vanille looks Cute :)- EVERYTHING- UPGRADING WEAPONS- NO MINIGAMES- NOTHING INGAME TO ATTACH YOURSELF TO IT.  besides Vanille ( playing the ViVi ROLE of FF IX)I ended up CHEAT ENGINING Myself Unlimited Money + Unlimited Upgrade items and Got the BEST GEAR and well i still don't know if i have the BEST GEAR ?! Because SOMETHING is ABLE to survive 3 HITS ?
,Recommended,292120,12428982,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Aria,"I absolutely love the game, nevermind about the 720p for the moment, its not a game breaker, the storyline is the most important. It gets kinda linear, but its not a game breaker once again, try to see past these and I can assure that you would enjoy the game."
76561198071185809,Recommended,292120,12576851,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Michael,"I have finished this game on PS3 and am currently replaying it on PC. For many years I was skeptical of FF13 and said the game was the worst thing to happen to the FF series without even playing it. However, I eventually gave it a try and was pleasantly surprised! This game has one of the funnest RPG battle systems ever and the Paradigm Shift mechanic is incredible! The game does force A.I. control on two of your three party members, but via the Paradigm Shifts you can pretty much essentially narrow down and command your two A.I. characters to do what you want them to. The game is very hard for an FF game and one of the harder RPG's out there. You can easily die on normal battles and you'll really have to strategize to win against most enemies and especially bosses. Exclusive to this PC release is the Easy mode version. Which makes the super tough eidolon boss fights much easier and is good for RPG players less experienced. There are some controversial aspects of this game some won't like though.First off, the game is very linear and has next to no puzzles in any dungeons. So if you don't like linearity or lack of puzzles in RPG dungeons then this might bother you. However, the linearity is practically the same as FFX excluding in FFX you get the airship at the very end and can backtrack anywhere. While in FF13 backtracking is non existent. Some will also not like the story or characters. I found the main plot to be very confusing and unfulfilling.I had to read logs of info on the game's lore to fully understand the main plot. Last, I thought Sazh and Snow were great characters, but Vanille is one of the worst RPG characters ever in terms of writing. I'm almost never annoyed by RPG characters, but she was pretty annoying. All the other characters were just okay. It's sad that Lightning was a stoic and realistic, but yet uninteresting character. Another thing that could be viewed as good or bad is until you complete the main story you're restricted in how much you can level up. So you can't just overlevel and win every battle. It's also hard to find broken setups. Next as mentioned this is an extremely hard RPG!You will have to strategize very well to win even normal fights! Newer or less experienced RPG players will get wrecked hard in this game especially towards the end! My final thing to comment on in the game is that it has a pretty good soundtrack. The main battle theme Blinded by Light is excellent and a joy to listen to. Overall, this is a great game, but play it mainly for the gameplay and music. I found the story forgettable and the overall cast pretty poor. I am skipping all story scenes my 2nd playthrough. Last, my comments on the Steam port.It is sad to see Square Enix got lazy with this port. You're initially locked to 720P at 30 frames. However, a program called Gestado by a person named Durante will allow you to play the game at 1080P 60FPS and with Anti Aliasing on. Even without the Gestado program and playing at 720P 30 frames capped it still looks a lot better then the PS3 version. I hope Square Enix gets their head screwed on right for Final Fantasy XIII-2 and that it has 1080P support. XIII-2 is my favorite of 13 series and is one of my favorite FF games of Final Fantasies 1-13. Yes, I also have beaten them all. I will leave it to you as to whether this game will appeal to you. I am not going to rate the game because games are a artform and cannot be ""objectively"" graded. Thanks for reading and hope this helped!"
,Recommended,292120,12438017,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MushyBilla,"This game needs to be enjoyed for what it is, not despised for what it isn't. On its own merits, I found this game to be incredibly enjoyable. The story was good and surprisingly character-driven when you think about it. The battle system, as has been noted, is great. The battles are the best of any FF game yet. I'm not going to complain about the lack of exploration in this game because that isn't what the game is about. The first five hours or so really stink. I felt that I was being treated like a bit of an idiot. The end makes up for that. Great game... though all-in-all not as compelling as X or XII."
76561198004002001,Recommended,292120,12440544,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,{FIN}Eorden,"good game, if you dont count the stuttering, kinda annoying and hoping for hot fixTL;DR warning and my review of the gameEdit: Ok i fixed it yesterday by putting my PS3 pad in usb port with scp monitor on, and the game worked fine, today i tried without pad on, worked perfectly still, dont know if fixed or something but works and have played since.For me the game is first ff game i like to play, tried X when it came on ps3 but that ended in about one hour :D So i cannot say is it better or worse from it's predecessors but xiii is good and i think if and when 13-2 and lightning returns comes to pc, ill buy them too.For this game's porting to pc, ive liked the keys on keyboard, yes, there's somethings you have to get use to, but you will learn it pretty quickly. Some say it's as bad if not worse than Dark Souls port, i say that's a lie.For graphics; people, the preorder said it's locked to 720p, stop whining bout that. secondly, it still is pretty good looking in 720p, ok, some bad fingers here and there but wont affect your gaming experience. How many you whiners play Minecraft? That's like... Pixels in High Definition..."
76561198077144198,Recommended,292120,12624043,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[T]hrow boy,"I'm waiting for the PC version so long,its finally out:D Thanks to Square Enix."
,Recommended,292120,12563267,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Trablesome Ting,"Plenty of up and down reviews already out there that I agree with, so I'm just putting in my personal recommendation as a yes.Why?-This game is a visual spectacle. I have to run Nvidia settings to smoothen out the rough edges, but the game looks absolutely beautiful that I'd expect it to be from 2013 instead of 2009. The cutscenes are also still mighty gorgeous.-So long as you care about Character development, then the cast is pretty prominent and memorable.-A mesmorizing and intriguing story as expected of Square's fantasy legacy.What almost made me say no, but were minor for me.-The game isn't ultimately linear, but it wasn't open enough to the point where I got a disappointed that I couldn't discover more of Coccoon in-person.-The camera movements tick me off quite a bit, it's forced at a few angles and isn't very 3rd-person free. I want to see more of the landscaping...-The combat gets boring here and there. The paradigm system and summons are nice to use, but I just have a preference for interactivity and true action combat (I was raised on FF8-10, but I personally don't like the classic jrpg combat systems).-Wish they'd have more settings able to be changed here and there, espescially that damn esc button, but I guess we'll have to go to mods for that."
,Recommended,292120,12482005,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,God Senpai,"This is one of my all-time favorite games. When i played on consoles, i pre ordered it for ps3. I played through the game and was amazed at the graphics, music, and amazing gameplay. Since i do not own any consoles anymore and couldnt play Final Fantasy XIII, I really wanted it to be ported, and bought it as soon as i heard it was being released on pc. I was shocked at the 50gb i had to download because of the japanese audio and japanese lip synced cutscenes, but i was willing to look past that because i was too excited about playing one of my favorite games the way it was meant to be played, at 1080p 60fps on ultra with msaa x4. Sadly, this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port. There are no video settings (you should be able to change resolution, there should be graphics options from low to ultra, and antialialising options), the game is locked at 1280x720 (wich is not exceptable for any game in my honest opinion), all of the non-prerendered cutscenes are in 30 frames per second, and controller support does not allow you to change the botton functions while auto-assigning your controls to odd button layouts that arent the same as they are shown in game.This may be just a test to see if the pc community will respond well to future final fantasy games being released on pc, so i will say that if you are a final fantasy fan or like rpg's, buy this game. Although, if another final fantasy game/port is released and has the same problems as this, I will not be buying any more final fantasy games until they are fixed."
,Recommended,292120,12769964,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sam Hyde,"It's no FFX, but it's alright. Be aware that the port is not good at all. There are basically no video options.it should be mentioned I had many hours on the console version years ago. I got near the end but found myself at the point of needing to spend hours to level my characters and I just didn't bother.The game itself is... well I'm sure the reviews are pretty mixed. It's not as good or even as bad as people will say. Although Michael died."
76561198089303916,Not Recommended,292120,12810765,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,hajek.e,"Loved this game on the PS3.  Its almost unplayable with the awefull Battle scene graphics.   It's so jerky and visually jarring.  I tried all the hacks and they help but it's still very slow.   I have a decent Rig that surpasses the recommended requirements:Amd Phenom II X4 840 (3.44GHz), 12 GB RAM,  1680x1050 Monitor, GTX 750 Ti , Windows 8.1.....  Ether my Rig isnt good enough for this game or it's jus the worst port ever!"
76561198049206331,Not Recommended,292120,32960234,Posted: 28 June,all,Hypernought,"ok obviously this is one of the best ff games we have ever had but..........that was on playstationi must say this port is very horribly optimized.. the big issue for me was fps drops, that have litterally no work around for my pc, i am way surpassed the reccomended specs. Now this doesn't apply to everyone because some state they play the game on a constant 60 fps, but not me, i face huge drops, even with the lowest settings and i have tested it all, i was able to play on max, with the same results!The fps in battles killed it for me, just made it too frustrating...i have a gtx 970, which can handle this game with ease, it is the optimization.I decided to refund this game, so try at your own risk, and if its unplayable or annoying like it was too me, you can always refund"
,Recommended,292120,12629075,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hate,"Great game,Visuals are pretty darn great especially considering this game was first released in 2009.Combat is really fun especially later on in the game.Story is good nothing groundbreaking but just good.The music is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome as well.The port however is a little lacking with no video or input options at all"
76561198026225521,Recommended,292120,12437889,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,excelciax,Great game and looks even better on pc. There is already a fix by Durante for high resolutions up to 3840x2160@60 and it is now stable. This game can be played with  a keyboard and or controller. I myself use a wired xbox 360 controller with no issues. For some reason when in full screen hitting esc key instantly exits without asking so you got to watch that.The game is worth getting despite alot of negative reviews on graphics. XIII-2 and Lightning Returns are really great games and understanding the backstory helps so much. With Durante's mod graphics options do exist and even exceed most games with downsampling. Don't skip this.
76561198005880039,Recommended,292120,12564163,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,LazyAndy,"The core of a game with Final Fantasy in it's name has always been about telling a story, and this game is no exception, with its main goal being to attempt to blend game play and story into one seamless concept compared to other games that boast open exploration, but at the cost of a cohesive plot. If you are a gamer who is looking to play a game, but while at the same time enjoy a thrilling story, then this game is for you. It may even surprise you that if a story is told well enough, the lack of traditional game play elements like exploration and the standard de facto formula of spending hours of grinding to  level up your characters won't bother you at all.The story elements of the game are staggering to say the least, given that the cutscene files amount to over forty gigabytes alone. That's right, forty gigabytes. Time to move over Titanfall, for your audio file bloat amounts to nothing in the face of this game. This alone tells you that the focus of this game is the story, with game play as a secondary priority. Instead of wracking your mind about how to min/max your characters, this game allows you to sit back and enjoy the plot as it is revealed to you through many cutscenes. Gone are the moments where as a gamer, you miss important plot elements due to being too focused on playing the game. And for those who button mash too much, rest assured, most of the cutscenes cannot be interrupted, preventing those moments where one would accidentally skip important cutscenes.Saying anything more would spoil the epic tale this game has to offer. For fifteen dollars, this purchase is definitely a good buy."
,Recommended,292120,25781005,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,10/10 Best game in years
,Recommended,292120,13768438,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,731 Squad,"When I first started playing, I was there for 12 h (unbelievable for me)!It is my first ""Final Fantasy"" and it is AWESOME!♥ Awesome heroes ( really beautiful girls, yeah REALLY BEAUTIFUL);♥ Awesome graphics;♥ Awesome gameplay;♥Awesome story;I recommend it!I guess 10/10.P.S.I need ""FINAL FANTASY® XIII-2""."
,Recommended,292120,30741390,Posted: 25 March,all,Mexious-,RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,292120,12433881,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,cardinalgray,"Самая противоречивая часть Final Fantasy за всю историю серии. Откровенно странный сценарий и неадекватные персонажи, зато очень интересная и глубокая боевая система и безупречный визуальный стиль. Если вы хотите познакомиться с серией - выберите какую-нибудь другую часть. Если же знакомы и любите - что ж, от безрыбья играть в 13-ю можно, и большую часть времени вполне приятно. Но тех эмоций, что 7-я, 8-я или 10-я в своё время, и близко не вызывает."
,Not Recommended,292120,23816957,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rmmmike,"Honestly can't recommend this game, I got it on the 360 and got through the 3rd disc before I chucked the game out the window.I bought the PC version because I hoped that they fixed some of the gameplay issues but somehow they made the game run horrible. Worse part is that it's still FF13!"
76561198002415186,Not Recommended,292120,13073552,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Astro,Its not up to FF series.. its linear and boring.. FF7 and FF 10 are way better..
,Recommended,292120,12598834,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,BoxPanda,"Although it's not a good pc port and there isn't any graphical options i found this game fun, i don't have the best computer but i believe mine has around the minimum requirement you need to play it and the most problems i get is a little lag here and there, so anyone that has played this on a console and want to play it again on PC i fully recommend this game for this price."
,Recommended,292120,12437955,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Doctor_who,Broke the Escape key on four different keyboards.No REGRETS!10/10
76561197997754115,Recommended,292120,12475113,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,mountveggie,"I absolutely love the FF XIII trilogy. Played and completed it in its entirety on the PS3, and bought the PC version the moment it was announced.Unfortunately, the PC port (at launch at least) is sloppy, lazy and really lacking. No graphic options, locked 720p resolution, lower quality cutscenes than the PS3 version and if you live in Asia, you're stuck with Japanese ONLY voiceovers (the English voiceovers for FF XIII are actually really good - plus the characters chat a lot during gameplay and you'll tend to miss a lot of it if all you hear is Japanese).So.. great game, absolutely lazy port. If you haven't played it on the PS3, it's still well worth every cent - I just wish Square Enix treated us (especially Asian customers who are getting the worse version of the game) PC gamers with some basic respect. :("
,Recommended,292120,12443884,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,.Xyz,For those who never play this at console buy thisfor those who has been play this at console dont buy this because there are no different
,Recommended,292120,12437202,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DemonAngel,Its Final Fantasy XIII just the way it always is. Only downside is that it plays at 720p instead of 1080p but if you are like me it wouldn't bother you too much. The layout controls on keyboard are pretty decent and easy to pick up. If you have a mid range computer like I do you will have the game running under the framerate of the console( maybe around 20 fps)  because the game doesn't provide much graphic configuration options. Instead you have to go to the control panel of you gpu and set up from there to get your game to run they way you like it. After some configurating with the Nvidea control panel the game ran exactly at the same fps as the console versions. Those who have high end PCs will be running at 60fps only for gameplay. Cutscenes are at lock 30fps.
,Recommended,292120,12440242,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,shane7218,Excellent game with a gripping story. Please ignore a lot of the hate this game gets most it from nostalgia of older FF titles. Yes the game has issues with resolution but there are easy ways around it (NVidia control panel can fix this) and mods are available to correct any issues. I highly recommended you pick up this game and experience the story for yourself.
,Recommended,292120,12597074,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Stormydove,"Same as I remember, fantastic game until you get past the opening and have to use the dumb Comander/Ravager/Sentinel system, etc. Hate this system so much, and while most of the game is a auto push button win there is one fight I never got past half way through the game when I played on console because the fight was too hard.The good is that the game looks so damn good, the movies are amazing the characters are fun the voices are terriffic. It's final fantasy so you know it's going to play like the others, which if your a fan your all set.The bad beside the stupid attack system is the 50gig download! Seems excessive for something that wasn't 50gig on console."
,Recommended,292120,12440532,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Alinoe,"Despite the technical difficulties i love it. The Graphics, the soundtrack and the story are all really, really good."
,Recommended,292120,12437260,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,@bodzaital,"The PC Port: Final Fantasy XIII is locked at 720p, a hotfix has been released by Durante. There are no graphical options whatsoever, only the launcher, where you can set the language (Japanese or English), and whether you want a 720p window, or 720p exclusive fullscreen.Gameplay: I'm new to the Final Fantasy franchise, so I can't say if this game is worse than its predecessors. So far, the game is very linear.Graphics: The graphics are nice, exactly what you see on the store page's screenshots. There are pre-rendered scenes, which of course look better, but isn't day-night difference. Animation quality is good.The huge size: The pre-rendered scenes are re-rendered in Japanese and English, meaning their lip-syncing are updated for the language.Verdict: For a 13 EUR port, this game is enjoyable. Yes, it could've had unlocked framerate and resolution, or a more detailed options menu, but if you just want to play a game that has an average storyline, great battle system and soundtrack, this game is for you. If you can't put up with the limitations, then you shouldn't buy it."
,Recommended,292120,12481891,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,awe,"never play final fantasy game since final fantasy IX, then play the last remnant. This is a good game i think, both on battle system, world and music, but lack at story"
76561198016733996,Recommended,292120,12520481,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ToMeK,"I have no idea what people are complaining and tripping about. This game is gold and so glad I didn't have to get a console to play it. The graphics and the story are so good, yes you can't change resolution or graphics but who cares.I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the FF Series. Well worth the $16."
,Recommended,292120,12591845,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Dusterino,BEST!
76561198063401785,Recommended,292120,12438275,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Exz,"Is it a bad port, absolutely. Is it still a fun game worth playing, I think so. Having been a fan of the Final Fantasy games since  the early days I've always wanted to play this. However, I converted to pc over console a long time ago. I've never owned a 360 or a PS3 so I was never able to play this game till now. I'm glad it's available and I've been enjoying it even with it's limited options. The combat system is great, the leveling system (very reminiscent of the sphere grid) is way better then the job board from XII, and the story has been keeping my attention. If you want to play Final Fantasy XIII and don't have a console, then get this. If you have a console, you're probably better off just getting that version though."
,Recommended,292120,12438750,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,F'rynn,"Well aside from the lack of graphical and audio settings although it didn't bother me too much ...The game runs just fine ...Art Style , storyline are pretty goodand the gameplay though lacks input from the user to select a battle command rather you just keep pressing the same button again and againPros :-Good Artstyle-Dual Audio-Nice StorylineCons :-FPS drop especially in battle-No Graphical / Audio options at all-Pressing the ESC key closes the game without warningalthough i sometimes had FPS issues ... at least the game is still playableHope SE will release some patch soon ._."
,Recommended,292120,12739385,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Thoraxes,"Great music, setting, and battle system. Love this game."
,Recommended,292120,12437692,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cherno Alpha,"Seems this has got quite a bad wrap from the reviews. Personally ive had no lag issues and no Frame rate drop issues, still annoying tho about no graphics settings and the absurdly large download of 49.4 Gigs. Still this title is one of my favourites, would rate 8/10 , but port quality of 5/10. Still Highly Recommend!"
,Not Recommended,292120,13792220,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rude,"This review was edited after a few paragraph.This game is NOT a final fantasy.The combat system lets you control one character and the other two are controlled by the computer (no you didn't read that wrongly).Fights are really really long. Or damn near impossible. It's one or the other. There is a bug on the game where you play in 1080 that makes you miss hints that are MANDATORY to kill some ennemy so you need google with you to play this game.Also the music is damn bad. It's elevator music. Where are the epic music ? Where is the level system ? A RPG without a level system ? Why are the characters always moaning ? There is a girl named Vanille that moan ALL THE TIME. And when i say moan, it's like people that came to the room asked me if i was watching a porn movie (yes it's that kind of moaning).Maybe the story is great. But... my horryfying dislike for the bad combat system is stronger than my desire to finish this game for its story (appparently it's great).EDIT : SO i reinstalled it because friends urged me the story was great.So the music is beyond terrible (harmonica happy song for... when you learn that a kid is dead). J-pop music all over (Yeah Uematsu didn't work on this one).Alos Vanille is UNBEARABLE with her moaning. I just cut the sound of battle when she is in there.I found out that the level system is like Diablo 3. You don't have a choice. It's a straight line (unlinke the FFX system for example).The story is... okayish (unless a 40yo man react like the 14yo character (it happened)) but yeah ok the story is kind of good.I won't comment on the ""invocations"" that pop out of nowhere then go Michael Bay and transform into a car...Yeah in this game. Shivah is... a bike. (no i'm not kidding). I'm like 20hours in now (playing offline so steam counter doesn't mean anything) annd it's still the worst FF i played.Still... the story is nice.  (but it's 20hours in and i don't even know who is the bad guy)So... pros :- Story- Lightning is great- Music can be goodCons :- Music can be bad (real bad).- No customisation of character. You can choose a role and go straight line on it.- Item customisation is ... not great because when you upgrade a weapon really far... it's just better than anything you find.- Invocations (i have only 3) transform into bikes or car. And Odin (god of death) is a horse how appear with small heart petal of love... NO ! WOULD IFRIT SPIT ICE ? NO !Now tht comat system...- Combats are slow. Really after playing a lot i found what bothered me most.  In a normal FF you would ""wait"", ""choose command"", ""choose target"" and your character would attack. In this game it's : ""choose command"",""choose target"", ""wait"".. So you input your command and wait like 2 or 3 second to launch the attack.Also there is the fact that if i asked you what looked like the Ice3 spell in FF7 you would tell me : ""Oh it's like a big thing blue and it construct itself etc..."" I'm sure no one can tell me what a spell look like in FF13. Because you can't really watch with the camera that turn around.Also there is random movements in combat so you could have a AOE spell that would touch ennemies but they can randomly go on the other side of the screen and... well you touch only one guy. It's the same thing for the boss. Sometime they aoe and sometime your characters clump and they all take damage but sometimes they don't.Combats are REALLY REALLY long. if you want to play it safe... it will take you sometime more than 5minutes to kill a simple monster.Did i mention how Vanille moan ALL THE TIME ?In the end. It's a REALLY BAD Final fantasy with a nice story. (And i did not finish it for the moment).EDIT : I am at 48h of gameplay (i play offline don't look up my hour count) and i have to add that there is quests you can do after some time. The famous optional quests of Final fantasy. Well here... It's 60 missions that are ALL THE SAME.""Kill a random monster on a random side of the map"".And Vanille Moan.EDIT : Ok 51hours. I finished it. In the end. Vanille moans.Worst FF ever. They even reused half of the FF7 ending..."
,Recommended,292120,12460063,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ast. dewpee,"Decent game, don't buy it if you've got it on console, but for new players its not a bad alternative.I'll admit, the frame rate is pretty terrible at times and they really should have put a lot more effort into the port.If you're not happy that its 720p, well neither was I so make sure you get the patch by Durante.Square really should've bothered to add in game graphical options themselves. The sheer laziness of the port is probably why it was only for $15 instead of $30-40 as many ports can be.Anyway, in conclusion, this version isn't too much worse than the console version if you have a good gaming pc and its a huge positive that it supports both Japanese and English audio."
,Recommended,292120,12479467,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,R/a/i/n/y,"It has no graphics options and locked at 720p so the advertised full screen support is pretty much a ♥♥♥♥ing lie. Personally I can't stand this game's tiny window at 1440p screen.Thankfully, GeDoSaTo fixes the issuehttp://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?page_id=582"
,Recommended,292120,12483436,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,b1,"Dude, it's Final Fantasy. Its worth every EURO spend."
,Recommended,292120,12484496,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Muchan,this is what i call the JRPG game. recommended for the die hard fan of FF.
,Recommended,292120,12759435,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Saika,nice but need resolution setting
76561198014870701,Recommended,292120,12757797,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mystiq,"Disclaimer: I am a ridiculous die-hard Final Fantasy fan. Also, this review is spoiler-free.The Game ItselfI've been playing Final Fantasy since 6 and have since played every numbered game with the exception of 1-3 and 11. (To be fair, I only played the betas of 14 and 14: ARR.) I played this game when it first came out on a friend's PS3 for a grand total of about 15 minutes. I liked what I saw, but I could never secure a PS3 to actually play it.Flash forward to me fan-girling (and I'm a guy) when I heard the entire XIII series was coming to PC and I celebrated. I had heard the reviews that the game was hopelessly linear, the story stunk and the game was a nightmare.People, this is a Japanese game and most of you reading this review are probably westerners. Japan does not make Skyrim.What Japan and Square does well is make a heavily story-focused game that is fun. Yes, the game is very linear. It is quite literally a tunnel to the next cutscene, boss encounter or both, with the next iteration of the Final Fantasy combat formula. The game plays like an interactive movie, and I do not think this is such a bad thing.StoryThe story is certainly typical Final Fantasy: unlikely heroes rebelling against unbeatable odds. I don't often get into video game stories but there is only one game in my gaming career where I came close to shedding a tear, and this game was it.FFXIII features only 6 playable characters, Lightning, Snow, Vanille, Fang, Hope and Sazh. They are the most realistic and probably best characterizations Square has done yet (some of you are already arguing at this post, and that's okay). You are likely to hate them all in turn throughout the game for the things they do, have done or you think they will do, but it only adds to their charm as the game progresses.MusicMusically, this game is fantastic and it plays well with the on-screen action, something I thought Square hadnt quite captured since Final Fantasy 6. There are some scenes where the music definitely adds to the impact.CombatCombat is another major change, and it turns the game into a sort of action game. The pace of combat keeps up with the pace of the cutscenes, especially the ones that feature heavy fighting and gets to be quite a sight in the middle of the game when almost all the combat mechanics are introduced.Is it Final Fantasy? Yes-ish.However, the game almost feels like fan service to the Final Fantasy name in some aspects. Square set out to mix up the Final Fantasy formula and that's just what they did. Most of the summons as you knew them are gone; spells and abilities no longer cost mana, only time; there are no towns to explore; you regain full health after every battle and you can only control one character out of the 3 in combat. Square changes things around for every game and this was just the biggest change yet.Extra Content!When you get roughly halfway through the game, a tremendous amount of side quests open up to do at your leisure. You're basically required to wait until you beat the game to finish it, so it will last a very long time. There are no super-bosses but the game offers a series of increasingly difficult missions, which might remind you of the side quests of Final Fantasy XII. This whole thing offers a major break from the extreme linearity of the rest of the game. I recommend doing some of it because there are some truly comedic moments. I'm looking at you chocobos and cactaur.PerformanceThe elephant in the room. To me as an exclusive PC gamer, this game runs like complete crap. The framerate very often drops below 60, sometimes drops below 30, and it is sometimes a lot more choppy at 30 than it has any right to be. Don't get me wrong, the game is very playable, and I've already beaten it, but if you're looking to show off your awesome gaming PC, this is not the title to do it.It is also currently fixed at a resolution of 1280x720 with absolutely no graphical options except to run in windowed mode or full screen. I suggest using your video card to stretch the game to 1920x1080 and maybe turn on anti-aliasing. The game sports tons of full-motion videos, which do run at 60 FPS, and the in-game cutscenes often run at 60.Port QualityThis game was a console exclusive, and it shows. There are very few options to change the controls, and currently unless you plug in a controller, the game is likely to heavily stutter, as supposedly it checks for a controller every second. There are also no options whatsoever for a controller and in fact the manual says to refer to your controller's driver to remap the buttons,which I can't do. Thanks, Square.ConclusionSuffice to say, maybe I'm just naive, but when the game was finally over, I couldn't help but think: well-played, Square, although you could have tied up some minor loose ends a little. My biggest nitpick: no more Leona Lewis. No, the song didn't quite fit."
,Not Recommended,292120,24046646,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RobotElbows,"I have to add my 2 cents.This is not a good Final Fantasy game. There's no open world, The map bootlenecks so you have to follow a distict path. I'm told that there's an element of open world later on but 10 hours in, i'm bored. I shouldn't have to go 10 or 20 hours into a game for it to get good.The story wasn't much good either. The charaters weren't memorable and the whole thing was just terrible."
76561197970619413,Not Recommended,292120,28487428,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,aimmy79,"many hours spend on the game just for the story. then the boredom was too much to bare so i stopped playing. one of a few games i just couldn't muster my effeort to play through them. it has been on my pc since its release on steam, yet i still haven't finished it, always fooling myself that i will finish it later. maybe i will next year."
,Not Recommended,292120,29964688,Posted: 16 February,all,eikoko,press one button during 15 hours
,Not Recommended,292120,19507949,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,now begins my mitosis,they keep pumping out sequels to this game like the government pumps chloride into our water. kony is innocent
,Recommended,292120,13278283,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[C/E] Marksman,"For those who are worried:  This is a picture perfect, if not improved, port of the PlayStation 3 and XBox 360 release.  It is worth the 50-60 GB you are going to eat up on your HDD.Minus the linearity of the storyline, Final Fantasy XIII delivers an interesting, yet confusing storyline that only playing the game through the entire story will bring everything together.  It truly rewards those who push forward.  Yes, the cast is not the strongest cast to be put together, but all who cry about the cast being immensely butthurt at all times in this game need to look at Final Fantasy VII.The battle system in comparison to previous incarnations is refreshing, giving us the active battle style we are used to with all previous installments, but forces you to pay attention to everything and change your strategy throughout each battle.  The A.I. allies are not stupid, but sometimes you are better off taking healing/support roles on your own.  It forces you out of your comfort zone strategically.  Although it isn't a complete masterpiece, there are other games in the main numerical series (Final Fantasy to current) and direct numeric sequals (i.e. Final Fantasy X-2) that I could easily use for purpose of opinion on why this entry is superior to their predecessors.Plus, the game offers a ""post-complete bonus"" by letting you continue to grow your party, take on new challenges, then smash the final boss again with your newly acquired powers to utterly destroy it.  True mastery and completion is something that takes many hours and understanding what the best party make-up is for each challenge.Square-Enix needed to make a strong statement with the future of the Final Fantasy series, especially since it is now in the double-digits in entries.  This was a great way to make that statement, even with flaws."
,Recommended,292120,13409814,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Natty,"Despite being very linear for a Final Fantasy game, XIII is still lots of fun.What really lets this game down is the beginning, but it's worth sticking through to the end. The combat especially is pretty bad at the start, and the story does feel confusing, but the game gets better the more you play it. You are only limited to controlling one character during combat, but you have a control of the roles each member plays, and the AI of your team is decent.For a port, you get what you expect. Yes the controls aren't refined, but for a game like this it really isn't a main issue.Amazing cinematics and great graphics throughout, which does however come at a 50GB download."
76561198004031721,Recommended,292120,13354743,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,VeTeRAN,"Well.. I was nervous about buying after all the critics and troubles that many seems to have with their version... But finally, as my hardcore FF-fan heart speaks for me, I did purchase and download it the 13 december 2014, now I'm on it 'bout a couple of hours... It's just amazing. Run like dreams. No issues, no FPS issues, no control issues or graphics, etc... what's else to say... Go for it ! I've spend the last three days wondering which platform to play it (used game market PS3 price == PC price) but that's no brain choice at the end, when it's works that well... I mean, it's damn pretty HD on my machine (i7-GTX460-Win7x64)... If you still worry for the cash, it's worth the try, no? (btw, english voice + french subtitles.. I'm just delighted!)... Thanks Steam and Square and Enix."
,Recommended,292120,13421642,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sembrik,"Amazing Plot, Amazing Characters, Amazing GFX - soo great game 20/10, would highly recommend."
76561198122094729,Not Recommended,292120,12907926,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,penhoop,"Very Upset, bought off steam, American retired in Ph, I do not speak  Japanese, so WHY is MY game which as stated here on steam as , Full Audio English, is actually in Japanese ? I do not reccomend this Japanese version Audio to any American or other Country that do not speek Japanese to buy this Game.Yep. Japanese dub for Asia, English dub for the rest of the world. For all Only English speaking, and or retired English Americans and all other Only English speaking (Living in Asia ) that do not Speak Japanese: I recommend You Do Not Buy this Game Untill they get it in English for the Asia Area."
,Not Recommended,292120,13011512,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Deja,"I am a Final Fantasy Fanatic. I love this game, but there is one problem. The graphics are slower than the audio.Fix this, and I'll recommend this game"
76561198052848476,Recommended,292120,12444106,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,mitchincredible,"Pros:- Excellent gameplay, recent FF games moved towards more real time which gives a bit more action and on your feet thinking to battles.- It looks good and runs well on a 4 year old computer (as it should).- If you've never played an FF game before, this definitely is a good starter.- The characters are filled withn cheesy goodness and cute fuzzy warm feelings, you'll either become emotionally distraught or awkwardly cringe at the storyline, so either way, it's an experience.Cons:- It's a PC port from a company that never expected FF games to come to PC, don't expect much for the controls.- Expanding that point, PUT SOMETHING OVER YOUR ESC KEY! IT IS EVIL. To be exact, it quits you instantly.- Little to no graphics options (again, you shouldn't expect much from Square Enix).- If you don't like confusing stories with cheesy characters, either for their designed enjoyment or because you enjoy being confused and cringing at horribly cheesy lines, then don't bother. To be exact, the storyline has the equivalent sense to American TV series like Lost or Heroes (except the characters don't save the story).Overall, it's not a bad game and I do recommend it because once you learn the controls and get into the flow of things, it's actually a really enjoyable game. In a time of gaming where we're playing Mr. Pixel's Fantastic Platformer and Javascript Memory Chewer Deluxe, it's okay if a game doesn't live up to graphical 'expectations', that no longer seems to be the point, the point of gaming is whether you enjoy it or not, not ""OMG I need to count all the hairs on x's head!""."
76561198037414894,Recommended,292120,12454233,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,huttser,First RPG from japan with a decent black guy VA while all the other VAs suck.CoolBlackDude/10
76561198060328219,Recommended,292120,12701748,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,KingoftheBards,Sure its not as great as ffVII but the story is still good
,Recommended,292120,12725629,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,christopher.stahl,"The storyline is interesting though mildly confusing, just as all of FF has been. Great cut scenes and game mechanics and the world is large enough with enough side-quests that even once the story is over, there's still plenty of replay value left."
76561198142501784,Recommended,292120,12518893,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Raven,"If you are a nerdy final fantasy gamer/fanboy/collector then play this. Otherwise, don't. The characters are not so amazing. The drama ain't so good. The keybindings are terrible, camera is icky. BUT! The battle system is absolutely fantastic. It somehow brings memories to what was known as the sphere grid for the levelling system. Good but not great."
,Recommended,292120,12747960,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jeffro20301,"Press A to win, but damn it if isn't pretty."
76561198063766737,Recommended,292120,12446194,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,keeper #ISxD,"I've decided to use GeDoSeTo, but when I open the software and run the game, the game is in 1920x1080 which I like..but it lags with the 1080p graphics, I don't mind the game being in 720 honestly but does anybody know how I can change that back down to 720p? and how I can use a wireless XBOX 360 controller?"
,Recommended,292120,12425423,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Pojojojo,"I knew this was going to happen... There are post launch problems that need to be fixed before this is a recommended buy. Everything in game is skipping every 2 seconds and makes playing unbearable even though I'm playing Final Fantasy XIII  on an above average gaming pc. Fixed resolution will is no big deal.EDIT: I found a solution for the game skipping problem and a modder was able to get an early program that takes off the fixed resolution. I've put two hours into the game and it isn't that bad. If you are willing to mod up the game and not get the 2 second skip issue, I can recommend now."
76561198060717821,Recommended,292120,12425959,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,OverLoad,1.Esc buttom out game fix now but play to joystic no problem2.Good game for new fan FF.XII in PC3.Thak you SQE pot in PC not bad frist time console to PC
76561198065709410,Recommended,292120,12518506,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DavidJ371,"So far since i started to play this game, I AM LOVING IT!!!! This is a great game to have in your library, the graphics are great, and the design for this game is great, i hope that they put all the others out on here as well."
,Recommended,292120,12645118,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,0.30000000000000004,So ♥♥♥♥ing awesome man!!!Gilaaaaa... menurut gue sih awesome ini game!!!
76561197998079084,Not Recommended,292120,13236463,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Norrski,"Using a 3rd party software to increase the graphics and a ps3 controller instead of pc controls this game is amazing!The story makes no sence and you can outgrind all of the main story content making it really easy.But thats the thing! All of the people complaining about this game beeing easy and a ""movie"" experience is the same people who spend way to much time grinding early on inn the story making the entire story easy. They then complete the story and doesnt even look twice at optional bosses and endgame content, ignoring it alltogether and calling the game bad.NO! Its not a bad game, its not a ""braindead simple combat system"". I found FF13 to be more challenging then any other FF I`ve played, but again that depends on your playstyle and skill level. Rushing the last boss as fast as possible using gear and classes inn clever ways to kill stuff makes the game shine with challenging and fun gameplay. Rather then spending countless hours grinding because you cant beat a boss using auto combat and complaining about the game beeing boring and easy......The only major negative is the awefull pc controlls and the not uppdated graphics, but using google and a ps 3 controller you can fix both those problems and play it at 1080p with 8xAA and increased texture quality at 60fps.So after praising this game why have I given it a negative review? Because you need a beast gaming pc and a ps3 controller, or else the game runs and handles horribly.If you have a low-mid end pc, or if you have a gaming pc but no ps3 controller I cant recomend this game at all. It needs uppdating and it needs fixing.Allthough I gotta give SQUARE ENIX major kudos for releasing the japanese version with subs inn all countries. Lets be honest here, the english lipsyncing and voice acting wasnt really that great.Now if you excuse me, I will return to grinding out the last achievments and getting my last few hours of fun out of this game :)"
,Recommended,292120,12648182,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Markky Eiei,don't listen to the others. this game is very ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. must play XD
76561198081764846,Recommended,292120,12736569,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kilio,"i recomend this game for those who  like jrpg, and for those who dosenot have ps3 and xbox 360 like me"
76561198051796652,Not Recommended,292120,24749571,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Leghorse,"Love my Final Fantasy games, but this was poor by squenix.About as open world as North Korea.on the bright note it is pretty and seems a decent port after the 720p initial lock."
76561198034192954,Recommended,292120,12519258,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Lightning,"I'm a huge fan of FF13 the story and intersting gameplay make the game really good. but the pc version have some problem at graphic resolustion. graphic is really good, voice acting both jap and english is not bad. some people might dislike how the combat play out. is very weird for some people who not use to it, but they do have really good tutoril for it. I hope more people like it"
,Recommended,292120,13410438,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,teteu21cm,"The story is really impressive and immersive. Other than that, the game itself does not offer anything revolutionary. Either way, it definitely has the Final Fantasy feel. A must buy if you enjoy this franchise."
76561198002789672,Recommended,292120,12468263,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Albinon05,"Sorry but this game is amazing, i don't care if it's too linear or some of the characters are annoying, the battle system is the best in a jrpg in ages. Totally worth 15 bucks. Waiting for the sequels, VI, V and the 1 and 2 compilation."
76561198027998464,Recommended,292120,13188005,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MyPrey,Where did my time go
,Recommended,292120,13204863,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Spider Man,"decent game, played it for hours"
,Not Recommended,292120,23811187,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SightRush,"regret buying it, sound skips constantly and the video stutters on schedule every 2 seconds.really annoyingmy pc is finei run everything at max and cant figure out why this dumb game is effed"
,Not Recommended,292120,13405473,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Netzach Sloth,"As a port, I have no complaints, it does everything I could want.  As a game, I have a couple.I started it up and thought while playing it ""Why did I hate this on PS3?"" Then it got to Snow and I thought ""Oh yeah, that guy.""  It's not just Snow, there are too many characters for me to actually care about any of them, I liked FF 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10-2, 13-2 and Lightning returns because there were only a few main characters and they weren't sad all the time.Not to mention the terrible writing, the cleverness of NORA's motto (""The army's no match for NORA"" <- that is supposed to motivate people?) is indicative of the game's dialogue in general.Combat, I like it, I like XIII-2 and Lightning Returns better but I like the combat in this game.Exploration, there is none.  Example, in FFIX as soon as the game starts you get to explore the city as Vivi, talk to people, find hidden treasures, play the awesome card game. 7 and 8 and 10 and 10-2 and 12 might not all have the card game, but they have exploration and mini games almost from the start.  13 doesn't have any until you get to Gran Pulse and even then it isn't comparable to past titles.I can deal with the terrible writing and sad and numerous characters, but the lack of exploration ruins it for me."
76561198107779127,Recommended,292120,32606757,Posted: 20 June,all,toammar2006,Excellent game... Nothing like JRPG games
,Not Recommended,292120,28936373,Posted: 2 January,all,RyomaSJibenG,"why? just why is the languge available to asia region is only japanese? NA, ROW others have the option between the languages and why only us in asia have to go with japanese only.this is not FAIR Square Enixis it so hard to just give everyone the option to choose language since they're all available anyway, i don't mind downloading extra 20GB or whatever, just give it to usuntil you do i won't recommend this game to anyone"
76561198000807394,Not Recommended,292120,15797271,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,notafan,nah.
76561198015991567,Recommended,292120,12460474,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Khenti Amentiu,"Do you like pretty aesthetics, a soundtrack that's so good that it's a sin to listen to it, and high, high, HIGH fantasy? Then read on, I'll let you know why I like this game and why I think it's good within the context of the medium.Imagine you are playing Elder Scrolls, and you come across a strange town that looks like it's halfway built out of daedra ruins. You ask around, and it turns out there was a battle a long time ago against cultists in a nearby daedra ruin, and parts of the city were destroyed. To repair the city, they salvaged some of the materials from the ruins after the war was won. One of the things they salvaged was a big statue of a daedra, which they promptly erected in the middle of the town for whatever reason. What could possibly go wrong?That's where the story starts in this game. The setting, history, and lore are all extremely satisfying. The primary theme in this game is freedom-versus-security, similar to Dragon Age II, and like Dragon Age II, it also suffers from some gameplay issues. Difficult enemies can be a satisfying puzzle to tackle, but easier enemies can feel a bit grindy. There are some pacing issues as well, as the primary mechanic in the game is not introduced until 3 hours in when the narrative allows it. The narrative also has hints of the man-versus-the-gods theme, reminiscent of Morrowind. I think that more designers should include these two themes in their games.The characters can seem a bit incomprehensible as well, but reading the history, lore, people, and places sections of the datalog really helps bridge the gap. As I play this game, I feel like I can understand what the designers envisioned. At the end of the day, I have a litmus test for games, did this game add something to my life? The answer for me in this game is yes, it made me question. What would I do if I had been born into that place? Into that culture with that education? What would I think, feel, and do if I discovered something truly terrifying about the relationship between man and the gods?"
,Recommended,292120,13264110,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,FoulOne,"I bought this game when it first came out, for the XBox 360.After a few hours of playing it I put it down and never bothered to finish it, considering it one of the most disappointing releases from SquareEnix I had ever seen.Years later I see this show up on Steam for $15, and decide to give it a second chance, to see if all of the shortcomings that drove me to quit this game in the first place would ever be overlookable.Well, after about 80 hours of gameplay, I've decided that FFXIII was indeed better than my first impression dictated, and after completing the entire main story I would say the game deserves about 7/10.The major downside to this game is just how long it takes for it to open up to you.  So many game mechanics are introduced only after several long hours of gameplay, but once they are there and fully unlocked the battles are actually quite engaging beyond the ""repeatedly press A to auto-battle"" mechanic that you start off with.I think the biggest disappointment comes in expecting this to be the same kind of game as prior FF games, which was to be expected considering the name.  There are no towns, little in the way of sidequests, and a majority of the game is spent traversing long linear dungeons taking one battle after the next until you reach the next one.But that's not to say that the game didn't eventually become fun.  It just took its sweet time getting there.Glad I decided to give it another chance, and I'm definitely looking forward to the sequels to hit the Steam library."
76561197988088731,Not Recommended,292120,23883792,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[DOA] Gamming,"So Disappointed in this port. Not only do ALL my controllers (xbox 360, xbox one, Pc game pad) keep Disconnecting on menus but also does my mouse and keyboard. Aperantly this is an issue that has been going on for months now yet they have no problem of taking your money and keeping it without resolving the issues. I have been searching online for hours now trying to get this game to work. To my luck I have found nothing that is working for me. if you can get this game to work for you go ahead and buy it. but for the mass majority of people that are having control issues, I say PASSSSS!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292120,14129850,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,"ŦΛИĶ- .`,","it's an alright game but it's overly linear. you have zero choice in job progression. battling is a downright mess, most of the time you smash confirm button until enemies are dead, or until difficulty randomly spikes and you have to do things. the characters are cool, Light might be a little too ♥♥♥♥♥y. Snow gets blamed for everything by everyone. i don't really like Sazh, his fro sucks! The story is alright, i enjoy following it like any other FF game; sick cutscenes as always. Game runs like crap, i hear it doesn't matter how powerful your PC is. my biggest problem with this game is the fact that the Victory Fanfare is replaced with some generic little jingle.. not what you would expect in a FF. that helps make this NOT feel like a real FF (amongst lots of other things) and that's not good IMO. Maybe it's nostalgia, but either way, it loses points with me for it.. If this game were called something else, it would be an alright start to a new series.. but this is part XIII in an already great series, and it just happens to be worst than the 12 that came before it.If you absolutely NEED an ""RPG"" id say grab it at a discount.. if you need a real Final Fantasy, look elsewhere. VI (III) & IX are my two favorites of the series BTW, so take my opinion with that in mind."
,Not Recommended,292120,13457454,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CloudLab,"I love Final Fantasy world... but tis game is lineal and bored. And the characters has no feelings like other games. I'll finish the game, but I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,292120,13325345,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,personoffood,XIII Days in Hell: A Final Fantasy XIII Review/watch?v=XOeIAC74QsIEnough Said.
,Recommended,292120,25254749,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,a sloppy joe,I think this game is nice. REal nice graphics and the pink hair girl is pretty! Don't pay attention to my play time. I left the launcher running all night when I forgot and fell asleepPros:Nice graphics!Pink hair girl looks nice! but she acts meanI don't have to play! I cant hit auto and it does it for me which is nice nice nice!I like the bird that lives in the hair is niceCons:I don't know how this story follows my fav FF VII. Where is Clod?I really haven't played this muich but it wet my apetit for playn more and a lot of games do that! I have 250 more games to play before I return to this!
76561198086624248,Not Recommended,292120,19557801,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,street,"this game so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bad, dont buy it, its the money not worth.."
76561198088143915,Not Recommended,292120,19694358,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,swtor OOOOONCE!,"not optimized very well for mid to high end pc's, at least in my and many others case. any1 buying a game from steam, should NOT have to dl a third party program just on a whim chance that it ""might work"". 99.9% of pple that buy this game on pc is buying for enthusiast reasons, like myself. It needed to be fully optimized before released on steam like every other game on here. and it still needs optimized, or fixed or whatever cuz i still cant launch this game. too many hoops to go thru just to play a game. but dont take my word for it. just read all the reviews. the 1's that are bad are mostly for the same reasons. If this ever truly gets fixed i will write a much better review but until then i cant recomend this to any1."
76561198306947151,Not Recommended,292120,24017353,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tuyenmanhnguyen,I can not change it to English language.Please help and show solution
,Recommended,292120,12941261,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,press escape for instant 100% unlocks
,Recommended,292120,13288388,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Voruka,"horrible story ( confusing and very bland) good gameplay, graphics and music but... meh...i recommend this if you dont have any rpg and you looked for something else."
76561198034066485,Recommended,292120,13354470,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Shivaria,"English:How to fix the stutter/lags:It has nothing to do with your PC or Intel/AMD - Final Fantasy 13 will search a GamePad or Controller. You have now 2 options.1. Plug-IN a controller (PS3/PS4 GamePad)2. or Install a Virtual GamePad Device ( you dont need a Gamepad for this - you can still play the game with Keyboard and Mouse)Its a device driver that bridges the gap between any device that is not a joystick and an application that requires a joystick. (its a ""Ghost-GamePad"" - something like that).Download vJoy and install - here is the Link:http://vjoystick.sourceforge.net/site/This should fix the Problem.---------------------Deutsch/German:Problemlösung - ruckeln/lags:Das Ruckeln hat nichts mit dem PC oder Intel/AMD zu tun - Final Fantasy 13 sucht ständig nach einem Gamepad/Controller. Dies verursacht die kleinen Lags. Es gibt nun 2 Möglichkeiten:1. Spiel mit einem PS3/PS4 Controller2. oder installiere ein virtuelles GamePad (du brauchst dafür kein richtiges GamePad/Controller - du kannst das Spiel weiterhin mit Tastatur und Maus spielen)Es ist ein Geräte Treiber der dem System ein GamePad ""emuliert"" und somit das Problem zwischen Tastatur/Maus und Controller-Suche verhindert.Man könnte es so erklären: Man gaukelt dem System vor das man ein Controller benutzt; aber dennoch mit Tastatur & Maus spielt.Das sollte das Problem Beheben.Best wishes - Flora"
,Recommended,292120,13235859,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Yergnoe,The download was unreasonably large however the game was somewhat fun when using cheatengine to skip the grind.The battle system is quite restrictive and improving equipment can be quite grindy so beware if that is something that will annoy you.The story is incoherent and the voice acting extremely hammy.
76561197988994736,Recommended,292120,13443434,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,thejoche,"Lets face it- if you like FF, you likely will recommend any of the games in the series. The usual gorgeous graphics (that have been patched to finally display at 1080). Linear as hell though. That was a sad departure for the series, as is the paradigm system, which no matter how much I try to like, makes me feel like I don't have much control. A move away from a party fighting system into a single character fighting system with companions offering support."
,Recommended,292120,13207067,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ricogl,"Even with a poor port to the master race, FFXIII is still a fun jrpg to play (and looks pretty good with the GeDoSaTo tool). would recommend it because of the upcoming updates."
,Recommended,292120,13241777,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,jliencres,"Excelent game, forget resolutions, choppy framerate (just happens everytime in a while, not a big problem) just enjoy the game, don't get obsessed with technicalism, a great world when it opens up, nice characters, amazing story, combat system was at the begining a big problem for a veteran Final Fantasy gamer, as me, it was so ""automatic"", but once you get the taste and the mechanincs of it become a great one. Totally deserv the Final Fantasy name"
76561198050615244,Recommended,292120,13247844,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,cleavear,"###OverallFF XIII it's a classical JRPG, turn-based combat, a compelling storyline for a fantasy world, the two main characters (Light & Snow) are gorgeous and they're full of emotions. Graphics and design are pure eye candy, the music is great and follows the game perfectly, scenery is fantastic and the playability is suitable for casual players.Hardcore JRPG gamers can find this game linear, read ahead please.1. GraphicsGraphics are gorgeous, period. The design of the entire game seems to be crafted in fine detail, from the start you feel that it's a AAA game... amazing cinematics and instantly you get the feel that the game is giant, and it is. You will travel through cities, wildlands, undergrounds, towers and futurist digital scenaries.2. MusicIn two words, compelling + emotional. Almost the entire music is instrumental/classical and piano, however there are modern instruments too. It helps to tell/play this story very well, tracks like Blinded y Light or Fang's Theme are amazing, but there are many more... Sunleth Waterscape, Born anew, and Chocobos from Pulse are my favs... I ride a Chocobo just to hear that tune... great!.The composers has achieved a perfect distinction from previous games, but has got an amazing new soundtrack full of emotion.3. Playability* You can play this game with just the keyboard, that's good for laptops, travelling, etc. Controls are easy to remember, the viewpoint is right, the automatic mode to fight helps a lot, i think. The paradigm switch animations are useless, but not annoying.* You can switch from any role at any time, but you must choose wisely the abilities that you develop on each character.* The FF powers are included; magics, healing, close combat, eidolons (special help), equipment, character progression, etc.* There are no inventory issues, or worries about inns, or stores.*  60% of the game is about traveling (linearly) to accomplish the main story... the rest of the time you can wander around two big maps in the world called Pulse. Moreover, there are teleport gates to easily go back and forth.* Replayability can be done to get into higher levels, accomplish all the side missions, etc.Overall, playability was carefully designed for casual players, but for hardcore gamers that want to choose what magic-power to use too. Lightning's ""Army of One"" is one of my favs.4.  Story & CharactersYou play a big storyline  about fate in a distant world called Pulse, and then there are four side stories (Light & Serah, Snow, Fang & Vanille, Hope & Zack). It seems there's no room (and time) for wandering around...the game as is, is about 60GB (100 hours gametime).The characters are clearly defined, the heroes, the supporting ones, healers, and so on. The character design and backstory is compelling, the blend between cinematics and in-game aminations is excellent. A FF game, period.5. BossesYou will fight against robots, betrayers, wild creatures, and more.  Fights are well balanced, specially if you take care of developing the right abilities for each character. The Ochu is one of my favs., wtf moments...Glitches & ComplaintsI've played without a glitch, I like the game as it is. However, some people want the classic JRPG experience at full, this game do not contains the section to role-play; exploring towns, Inns, markets, and crafting the equipment.I think the story and the whole game was too big (3 DVDs on Xbox) to include the JRPG experience at full. IMHO.Personally, I've enjoyed this game a lot... thanks Square."
76561198078667483,Recommended,292120,13450839,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chintanu Bot,Good
76561198043926850,Recommended,292120,18111004,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,AUNT J DONT PLAY NO SHIT,"Ha, Japan! Amiright?!?"
,Recommended,292120,13238407,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Valorian Endymion,"Here is the thing, despite all corridors and some issues during launch, I am quite enjoying the game, much more that I would expect. Right now, at least for me, performance is very good, minor issues such the ""esc quit everything"" have been solved and more options are coming in the next patch (around 11/12/14).Its not exactly a game to play for hours straight, but in small doses is quite fun and the ""corridors"" give a faster pace and sensation of progress (well at least they avoid - ""I got in a new city and there is gazillions of mindless quests to do"")"
76561198026458404,Recommended,292120,13240421,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Vasputin KG_B,"Definite Pro: Music, Setting (environment is beautiful and exotic...only fault is it's without 1080p support at launch), combat system with lots of abilities and weapons and customization (although you won't get to do it until about 1/3 through the game), beautiful cinematics.Controversial, but still Pro for me: Characters and Plot. Lightning, Snow, Sazh, Vanille, Fang, Serah, all interesting characters in their own right. The story is cryptic at first...lots of undefined terms will be thrown at you. Definitely need to focus on the game to notice the subtle social cues and dynamics between the characters (esp Hope and Light or Vanille and Sazh). People give Lightning a lot of hate, thinking she has no personality, but that simply isn't true. There is a difference between having no personality and a repressed, reserved one. I will agree, however, the characters lack charm, suave, panache, etc., but they are relatable and lovable nonetheless.Con: Super long ""tutorial"", i.e. the game does not give you full front-seat driver access until about 1/3 of the way through the game. You won't be able to choose your team, team leader, or diversify roles for a while. Also the game is not open-world, which severely limits replayability. I personally think this isn't a big problem, because the game is super long (dare you to finish it in one, or even 2 sittings, definitely take a week AT LEAST if you're a casual gamer). However, end game does give you freedom to keep going and max things out if you wish."
76561198014700600,Not Recommended,292120,15923732,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,blainesandoval,"Tonight I forced myself through a horrid marathon of pain as I finally dredged through the travesty that is Final Fantasy 13. What words could I use to describe this terrible waste of time? Boring, nonsensical, cringe worthy, corny, confusing, ugly, incoherent, incomprehensible, ponderous, frustrating, linear as hell, button-smashing, messy, nails-on-a-chalkboard voice acting (both English and Japanese), contrived, poorly written drivel not worthy of horrible fan fiction hidden in some dark, forgotten corner of the internet. Then there is the graphical issues; the game is NOT optimized for PC gaming. You'd have a hard time running it at a decent frame rate at any reasonable setting on even a good computer. I can run Alien Isolation at the highest settings and it runs smoothly, this one looks like stop motion animation. Ok I'm exaggerating...but not by much! The game was released last year on Steam, and I recently bought it on sale for like 8 bucks. So even for 8 dollars, I feel ripped off. Oh Bahamut, come and smite Square Enix please, before they do any more damage lol. They even made two sequels and apparently each one sucks more viciously than the last! The director should be trampled by chocobos. I hope 15 is better, but I'm definitely not holding my breath. Oh Final Fantasy, you used to be so great, so beautiful. You have cast drain on my soul and left me with only 1 HP."
76561198167293980,Recommended,292120,23890359,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Qrow,"Amazing. First final fantasy game I haver ever played. So i can't compare it to any others. So I should have started with ff1 so... I'll be back when I finish that one so..... until then i guess. Oh, the review, ummm 5/5"
,Recommended,292120,12920252,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,linuxreuben,"Let's get two things straight. This game is not a proper Final Fanatasy rpg. It would have been a lot better if this game was given some other name. The other thing I have to say is that this is a solid RPG. It is refreshing and not traditional. If all you want is a linear JRPG with constant plot and pressure, look no further. There is no exploration, no towns, no leveling in the tradional sense, and talking to NPCs is do by getting close to them. The characters are mostly likeable, the battle are fast, and the story is easy to keep track of. While this game has its flaws, at least some JRPG fans will be able to enjoy it."
,Recommended,292120,12456389,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,D-Dog,"Having only been released two days ago, this game is yet to be patched and properly optimised for PC.It takes time to get out of the habit of pressing ESC to navigate out of menus. After a few extremely frustrating ESC presses, I soon learnt my lesson - this is even more annoying, given that the game does not ask you to confirm your action.The game however seems to run alright without any bugs, but for owners of Nvidia cards (such as myself), you might need to modify your settings through the nvidia control panel. Especially if you are on a laptop, where you have to force the machine to use the nvidia GPU instead of the Intel one.There is a MOD just a google search away that allows you to upscale the to higher resolutions than the 720p the game is forced at. There are absolutely no video settings in the game at this moment in time.I have not tried using a controller with the game yet, (keyboard keys seem very responsive and I am happy with using them for now) as there seem to be quite a few negative reviews about them. There are tools availble that are supposed to fix the little issues with using a controller.The game is ported just enough for you to be able to play  and enjoy the game, and I am looking forward to a bit more of these nigs getting sorted out in future updates."
76561198104928750,Recommended,292120,12457605,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Pierce G,"Amazing game! still looks betteri n 720 than most rpg on steam. have had no problems. Im sure updates will come, and still a great game. Haters gonna hate, but i think its still looks better that console... 7/10"
76561198094493795,Recommended,292120,12452340,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ryuho,Enjoyed the game very much. Some limitations on the port likely to make it cheaper that can really annoy you but the game still loooks and runs great. Dont forget it's a 5 year old port. This may not be the best FF of all time but its good and supporting it may make square bring back the rpg genre to pc.
76561198037961996,Recommended,292120,12490572,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,제이멕스,"For a long time, I m dreaming of playing FF13 with pc. because  i m not affordable to buy PS3....finally FF13 is  launched in PC version!!  it so surprised!!although  FF13 in PC is not perpect, i'm so satisfied with FF13.also I wish launching FF13-2 and FF13- Lightening returns in PC version"
76561197997528583,Recommended,292120,12502542,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Valderus,"Ok guys. I know the game have some issues etc. But for the first time squarenix is given attention for pc players. I think the game is running well using the Durante's mod so if you're angry about this, reconsider. Is better we have the game for the first time than never have. No doubt, this part of an effort from community to bring the Final Fantasy series to pc and I'm proud to help as i could. Keep playing and maybe we can play the new FF (XV) with beautiful graphics next year.By the way... Is great story! So buy it!"
,Recommended,292120,12456289,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,pyaepyitzonesone,great game
76561198052360401,Recommended,292120,12459177,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,zerotide616,I liked it
,Recommended,292120,12461115,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,steerpiked,"Using Durante's GeDoSaTo fix, it's easily playable in 1080p, as well as other resolutions.  That being said, the interface looks pretty low budget and it's annoying to have to rely on a 3rd party software for what should be a built-in feature.Lazy port, but quickly patched by someone in the comunity-- so really not that bad.On the plus side, the Japanese voice acting option makes the characters much more tolerable than the console versions."
,Recommended,292120,12462898,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,No.9,"First things first, the longer you play, the better it gets!First part was not as good as later chapters. And you can ride a Chocobo as usual so that gives it a plus points.Since we all know that Final Fantasy XIII is a great game, this game port to PC have a big improvement since the first release on Steam.Resolution is now fix. Button Mapping.For the game itself, you'll start to feel the more open world on later part of the game. When you've reach the Gran Pulse area.Even though its still Japanese in Asian Version, playing this now is good."
76561198085313205,Recommended,292120,12506598,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,efryblanc,"eh, i bought because it is final fantasy, but sure there will be ups and down, but damn it is a fine game not great but fine...."
,Recommended,292120,12530788,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Chux Da Spaz,"FOR THOSE WORRIED ABOUT THE GRAPHICS:It is going to be OK!!!! I was just as frustrated as the rest (who had my issues) with choppy frame rates and even a lot of screen tearing. I went into the NVIDIA 3D Settings, added the game, and tweaked it from there. I set vsync for application controlled, set up AA to Override app settings @8x CSAA, changed Power Management to Max Performance, and kicked on the Triple Buffering. Game is running liquid smooth 60fps, no tearing, not much stutter at all, didint have to drop the mini map and the such. Yes, still running it at 720p, but it still looks gorgeous on a 70"" 1080 LED tv. If you want to be that nit picky about it running at 1080p, i already tested these settings with GeDoSaTo running and had no problems at all. Just you now see a 720p game blown up to a bigger resolution,In the end, FF13 is FF13. It is what it was, and what you payed for. A very good RPG for a very good price. Dont let all the bad reviews sway you otherwise. If you like the game and your rig can afford to set up the graphics through GPU settings, then your $15 or so was well spent. Have fun!!!"
,Recommended,292120,12451534,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kev_geek,I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE HATE TOWARDS THIS GAME AT ALL. I THINK IT'S GREAT!!!
76561198072001543,Recommended,292120,12462288,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Anti-Gout,"I've been waiting for this game to hit the PC platform. I've only ever watched playthroughs on Youtube and I've only watched the English voiced ones. I do hope there'll be a patch or DLC for English audio. I can live with Japanese audio for a bit though. Please please please, give us the English dubs!!! Pweety please? Fingers crossed!"
76561198031679655,Recommended,292120,12474933,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Flawkes,"For a <$20 PC port, I have to say this was absolutely worth my money.I've been wanting to play this game ever since its first release on the consoles. Unfortunately, I never did end up getting either of the consoles, and thus never ended up having a chance to play the game. I understood that a good bulk of the game consisted of cutscenes and movies (heck, if you add it all up, this is an 8-hour long movie with you moving the characters along with your controller), so I knew exactly what to expect. I'm a fan of story, music, and cutscenes, so this was perfect for me, since this game absolutely delivers on that front.If you've ever been interested in the title and actually know what to expect, I'm not sure there's really any reason why you wouldn't get this game for the PC. The gameplay is not as interactive as you may expect (if you've played other RPGs), since you only get to control two things during combat: the party leader's actions, and paradigms. The other 2 party members are controlled by the AI and act according to the selected paradigm. You will, however, be switching paradigms a lot, and I'd say it makes up the majority of the gameplay in terms of combat.I've had no issues with crashes, keyboard + mouse controls, or unbearable UI issues that others have mentioned before me. I was a little surprised that the Esc key brings up a prompt for you to quit the entire game, but at least it asks for confirmation (it would be quite an issue if this wasn't the case).There are a few things to note, though:- The game does not support 1080p, but there are temporary third-party solutions. On my 1920x1080, full screen causes the dreaded black bars to appear on the sides.- There are very limited settings. What I mean is, there are limited video options (full screen or windowed. That's it), zero audio settings, and not ALL keys are remap-able. But for the majority of the keys can be modified to suit your preferences.- I've experienced some tearing and occasional frame rate drops, although not to the point where I'd say it's crippling the experience.- This is over 50gbs in size. Do keep in mind there were three discs for the consoles and still took up 20-40gbs (depending on console), but that isn't to say 50gbs isn't nothing.All in all, this is definitely a ""quick and cheap"" port by most standards. But at the price of a dinner at a restuarant, there's only so much to be expected. Personally, I've gotten more than my money's worth, and I'm not even halfway through the game. I'd recommend this to those who know what to expect of FF13: a gorgeous game with plenty of cutscenes and movies, and one that doesn't exactly shine in the combat side of things-- but that isn't to say there isn't a good chunk of content to be played!"
,Recommended,292120,12500108,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,JpcTGS,I would recommend the game but not at the moment as it is currently fixed at 720P for the PC version. Just let us adjust the resolution and this will be just perfect
76561198093816303,Recommended,292120,12456167,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rinnosuke,"So I have put roughly 3 hours so far into the game. I recommend this IF you don't mind that the game is locked on resolution as well as framerate. I personally don't care A LOT about it being locked at 720p. I have noticed many of the negative reviews here revolve around that particular issue. Granted also, you may have to tweak your graphic options slightly depending on what you use (nvidia/amd/intel etc). So will you have to mess around a bit to make the game run perfectly regardless if you're using a godly computer or a low-budget setup? Yes. If you're not willing to put a little extra effort into making the game run properly, then do NOT buy this unless an official patch gets released later to fix said problems. Make no mistake, this is a badly done port but by no means impossible to play and enjoy.If you are happy being able to play the game smoothly regardless of definition, then this should work out fine for you. If you are very adamant about having your flawless hi-defintion and auto-optimized settings, then stay FAR away from this. This is also under the assumption that you meet the recommended settings to run this game. My own computer surpasses the recommended and sure enough, it runs fine (after I did some tweaking in my nvidia control panel). It is also worth mentioning that you may experience ""stuttering"" at a consistent interval. While I can't speak for everyone, this was fixed for me by simply plugging in a wired xbox 360 controller (which you don't actually have to use, you can just set it aside after plugging it in). If anyone is curious to the programming aspect behind this, in simplest terms, the game is ""searching"" for a compatible device nonstop hence the stutter you may experience. The controller is the ""missing"" device the game is looking for. Again, this just further supports how poorly done this is as a pc port.Now in my 3 hours of gameplay, I haven't noticed any big problems either. I know some have mentioned something about missing audio, or random crashes, etc etc. Maybe I'm just lucky and haven't experienced any of that YET? Time will tell. IF I do experience any major problems like that, I will update this review. Otherwise, this is where I stand in my review. The game is perfectly playable which for me is always the deciding the factor."
76561198064554689,Recommended,292120,12458086,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mrs. Claus,No English voiceover for Asia :(
,Recommended,292120,12458637,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RANDOM7474,I love this game it is amazing and now on pc i want to see all the stuff people well do to it LOL.
76561198119251163,Recommended,292120,12458843,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PaqMan3D,"I was very angry at first about the whole 720P thing, but considering I play from my couch about eight feet away on a 46"" TV, I couldn't tell the difference with the 1080P mod installed, other than the fact it was missing the on-screen map and was noticeably more choppy during cut scenes. I know the mod is in pre-alpha, but to me, it's not a viable solution yet. I left it on 720P and I can tell you, as is, it's much better looking than the Xbox 360 version I own.Yes, the port is lazy. It's basically a console game on PC. I initially requested a refund on day one, but since Steam is really lame with the whole refund process, I closed my support ticket and just decided to deal. The game itself is very good. It's not the end-all, be-all of FF games, but it's in my top five at least. If you haven't played it, I'd suggest it.I also like the Japanese audio option a lot. I know people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about downloading a bloated file for it when they don't plan on using it, but yo, if you don't have adequate HDD space I don't know what the hell you're doing on Steam in the first place.I have FFXIII-2 on 360, but I've never finished it. After this debacle of a port, I don't think I'll get it on PC if it's the exact same experience I can get on a console. If Square Enix fixes 13 before the others come out and continue with the PC-friendly options in the sequels, consider it a purchase. Other wise, screw it.TL;DR - The game is good. The port isn't. The game itself is not broken by any means -- it runs on my 4770K/R9 270X like butter (which it should)."
,Recommended,292120,12460382,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cancela,"Tough they admit it as a bad port, it's really help us that didnt had console to played it before. Recommended for who never played it on console :v."
,Recommended,292120,12462681,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Syynx,"I played this game back when it came out on the 360 and I originally hated it, I bought it full price and played it for about an hour (if even that). I had no desire to pick it up again because the 'Auto Battle' made the game incredibly boring.Now that I've picked it up again I'm playing the game with the cursor option set to abilities by default and just flat out ignoring that the auto battle exists and I'm surprised that I'm actually really enjoying it! The combat is very satisfying, the characters are interesting, the plot is great, and the music is fantastic (as you'd expect from a FF game).Yeah, the port isn't the best, but with the GeDoSaTo tool to fix the issues (it was recently updated so you can improve the shadows as well as the other fixes!) the game runs and looks great. I'm not minding the 'hallway-ness' so much either, I think that's because I've been craving a FF game for a few years and this is scratching that itch enough so that I can overlook that.So yeah! Basically this is a long winded post to advise you guys to IGNORE AUTO BATTLE. Go into the options and set the default cursor mode to abilities, set the combat speed to slow, and pretend auto battle flat out doesn't exist. The combat is difficult and very satisfying (especially when you get 5 stars).I can't see why they would add that feature when it detracts from the fun of the combat so much. At the very least it should have only been available in easy mode.It's a good game, it's a fairly poor PC port, but at the same time it's certainly better than nothing, so I can't complain too much. Thanks Square for giving us PC gamers a chance to play this"
76561198059263969,Recommended,292120,12499123,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Paisey,Really good game :)
76561198105916382,Recommended,292120,12465118,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,bblanusa27,"The game itself is really great. The combat is amazing once you get deeper into the game. For some reason, it takes too long for them to let play around with the combat. The game looks better then most games that came around in 2009, even with the lack of graphic options. Its a mixed bag with the characters, I dont like that Lighting is a female Cloud, because Cloud was unintresing and boring. Also, I hate Hope, whose the biggest whiner in the world, but everybody else is cool, maybe not Snow. Play with controller and you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,292120,12501142,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,-oneechan,"A good game with beautiful enviroments and tactical combat system by SE. Complex storylines to only be understood fully after reading the logs.Bad points about this game is there is no video settings, limited key bindings."
,Recommended,292120,12458483,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,FlyingNipples,one of the best RPG
,Recommended,292120,12459262,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MonkeyDog911,"No options to change resolution is not a problem. This is a game designed to be played with a controller on a TV. Steam gives you Big Picture Mode, so use it and play at 60fps on your TV. Looks way better than the 360 version. The Japanese voice track is really good. I'm loving playing it again.8/10 if you like JRPGS. If you don't like JRPG's get something else. Docked two points for the absurdly long tutorial."
,Recommended,292120,12461751,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Spartan,really love the final fantasy series !!! Serah is so CUTE!!!!!!!!!
76561198075558730,Recommended,292120,12500094,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VeliMir89,"I'm in love with this game so far! ^_^Regardless my PC supports 1080p I didn't actually notice anything bad about being this game in 720p resolution! Don't really understand what people are complaining about!..Graphics is awesome! For the game of 2009 the graphics is way too awesome in my opinion! Setting is good and understandable. Won't tell anything about the story...It is all good and very interesting! It's like a big awesome movie!I kinda liked all this new RPG features!One thing I would really appreciate to have in options in the settings menu is volume! The volume of this game for me is low, actually, so I'm forced to gain the volume on my PC outside the game... The rest... I'm good with the rest.If you like modern RPGs and RPGs in general! I totally recommend this game! It is a good way to get acquainted with Final Fantasy series, and it isn't bad! Really! In my opinion it is Great! Catchy characters, astonishing design and cutscenes! Man, I didn't even finish this game yet, but I'm already looking forward the rest of the FFXIII series!Thanx SQUARE ENIX for releasing the great games on PC, especially for such low price!But it is never bad to pay attention to the wishes of customers."
,Recommended,292120,12530399,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,We do it,watch numbers get bigger and take pretty screenshotsmoms are tough
76561198002258402,Recommended,292120,12459154,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PsychoTicks,"It's good, bad, and ugly (literally)Personally:I enjoyed the story. I enjoyed every hour of playing this game the first time through, which is 80% of why I bought it again for steam. Soundtrack is amazing, graphics are stunning, and it has, arguably, the best combat system of any RPG I've ever played.Yes it's an extremely linear game but I see that mostly as a neutral point because the game is more about developing the story rather than simply killing bosses or overall exploring. However, exploring is great and should be rewarded. Conversely, there are some areas to explore though they be highly predictable to always have a treasure sphere at the end of some random hallway.Unfortunately, SE was so cheap in this port that graphics, while stunning, are still an issue due to the infamous drop in frames, the locked resolution to 720p (come on now, really?), and the overall half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥feel of it.Overall, if you enjoyed it the first time around, you will still enjoy it. If you didn't you still won't. Nothing is new, nothing is remastered. Same game, different console."
76561198042767643,Recommended,292120,12463771,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jarlax,"This is a great game, it is somwhat linear until you reach the 20 hour mark or so, then it opens up and the real fun starts. Xbox version of this I had 140 hours played. DEFINETLY worth 15 dollars.There has been complaints that the PC version runs in 720p, this is true, but you would never notice if no one told you, as a matter of fact I was streaming this yesterday and a friend was troubled because he just purchased Ailien Isolation and mentioned that he thought this actually looked BETTER than the next gen game... I would have to agree that FFXIII pushed the limits of the hardware at the time, and feels like a new game all over again. I will be playing the sequels as they are released for PC, i missed those."
76561198125660675,Recommended,292120,12464151,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,limcc92,"It's great that the Final Fantasy XIII series is coming to PC, but they have a lot of improvements to do. Namely the annoying black bar, escape button and no video setting. Awesome combat system as well!"
76561197981329484,Recommended,292120,12474791,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jebe457,"As it currently stands, running things stock this game is basically the console game running on a more powerful system then a PS3.  Like the PS3 version there's severe aliasing and shadow rendering issues associated with anything run in engine.  Note most of the ""cutscenes"" are actually rendered in engine, with cutscenes beyond the intro that are pre-rendered actually being kind of rare.  However, GeDoSaTo is compatible with the game, and can address both of these issues with a minimum of time spent modifying config files.  Antialiasing helps make the hair look right, and increasing shadow resolution helps with the quality of the shadows as one might expect.Square Enix has provided the Japanese audio as an option as was requested prior to release.  So they might patch in proper graphics options, but GeDoSaTo will still probably look better as it is designed to allow rendering at 4k followed by downscaling to improve image quality over native rendering.The Good:The battle system on this game is basically involves taking role formulas and speeding them up.  So you have tank, buff, debuff, caster exploiting vulnerabilities via chain gauge, DPS, and healer roles.  Your job with this battlesystem is to strategically look at what's going on, and use these roles in an effective and dynamic fashion to win.  Associated with this you have a deck you set of role configurations, which you quick change during combat.There's a lot of parallels between ideas and concepts in FF13 and FF3.  You have two worlds that are antagonistic towards each other, and the deeper background story this time around revolves a lot around information control.  Associated with that a lot of the story telling elements are done using subtle tools.  For instance when you hit the lake you may notice Vanille's brand isn't quite like the others, and you'll be able to put the pieces together around when Fang meets the rest of the party.The Bad:Eidolon fights can be annoying and counter intuitive.  There's a lot of stat stuff that's hidden with the item upgrade mechanics, and the upgrade curves of weapon and equipment is entirely opaque without looking things up.  The two of these can be dealt with by looking up a guide on the internet.  I'm left to assume that like with the sequence to unlock Tifa's Limit Break, this was intentionally obfuscated to sell guides, which the internet renders redundant at this point.When full screen the Escape key automatically exits the program.  If windowed it brings up the prompt you'd normally expect, as will Alt-F4.  Chances are you will accidentally do this a few times, give Esc usually brings up the menu in computer games.  The main reason this can be annoying is that like the console version there is no autosave or arbitrary saving for that matter.  You must use the save points.Addressing Critics:This games is linear in the same way DooM 3 or CoD is linear.  There's usually side areas on the map to collect stuff, often directly behind where you start on a map for instance.  You however have no narrative control beyond choosing when to proceed and murderizing things in between you and continuing on.  So, yes it is more linear then KOTOR, Mass Effect, or Witcher but the major difference is in lack of narrative influence, like DooM 3.  There are a lot more detailed locales though, and quite a bit of variety between them."
,Recommended,292120,12477489,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,bugabugabuga,Really nice game! The story is confusing though...Finally SE decided to port PlayStation exclusive titles to PC!!! Thank You!!!
,Not Recommended,292120,20018005,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Senkayn,Im sure this game probably gets better later (or I hope so) but I feel asleep twice while playing the first few hours. It's incredibly linear and you don't really have any idea what's going on. Just run forward and spam (A).Graphics are mehCut scenes are mehCombat is boring as hellStory is awful
,Recommended,292120,26599125,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lastwishoner,"Im a simple fanboy, i see ff i rec !"
,Recommended,292120,13461513,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Strigon,"I have gotten to Chapter 11. This game is still amazing. I have no idea why Final Fantasy fans think this is a bad game. They need to learn to appreciate it for what it is. I absolutely love the gameplay, story, everything about it is amazing except the terrible job Square Enix did porting this to PC. This game is definantly worth getting despite the bad port."
76561198116474999,Recommended,292120,13003710,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Green Tinted Sixties Mind,Nice Epic Game!
76561198014830089,Recommended,292120,13161676,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cry For Mercy,"If this were a potato, it'd be like Lidl brand mash potato."
76561198039713535,Recommended,292120,13055568,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,chybiak,Realy good
,Recommended,292120,13024670,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RhythmGhost,"It's Final Fantasy, guys - come on."
76561198142445367,Recommended,292120,13105042,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,WeissVaellek,"One word ""Awesome"""
76561198038997605,Recommended,292120,13366433,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JosephCraftHD,Beat this game numerous times on console and played for a bit on PC.   I'd say that the XIII series is one of the more under-rated titles in the Final Fantasy franchise.  It could be a bit tedious at times. But the game does more than enough to keep things interesting.
,Recommended,292120,34089359,Posted: 7 August,all,ｋｙｏｔｏ,krappa123
76561198023997640,Recommended,292120,12454178,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[FOX],"You have two way to play this game.1. Buy PlayStation 3/4 or XBOX 360 + game.2. Buy this port for a cheapest price.Many people who dont have a console, or just dont wanna a buy it. Play console games on emulator. They accept all graphic and gamelay bugs. Because many console games a diamonds. Still no any emulators for past-gen concsoles: PS3, XBOX360. This Final Fantasy not best in series, but today, when JRPG games a very rare. This game a good chose to play.Many troubles with graphic settings, can be solved with GeDoSaTo.http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?tag=gedosatoTwo click and you get all resolution, AA, fps boost and much more in future updates. You are a PC gamers, right? You chose PC, not a console. Well, you must be a prepared to do a little more, not just a install and play."
,Recommended,292120,28890503,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,toetoe,"i'm pretty sure this is a great game in terms of story at least, i mean that's the main reason why i enjoy the final fantasy series. i can't even launch this game..."
,Recommended,292120,24328608,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Viking,"Great game, Love every aspect of it"
76561198130097959,Not Recommended,292120,24734630,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bald & Pervert,"FPS drop, simple as that"
,Recommended,292120,21621710,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Hanzo #ᴼᴿᴰʟᴏʜ,I never loved an anime girl as much as Akeno Himejima (High School DxD)
76561198154925812,Recommended,292120,30025937,Posted: 18 February,all,BMO,LOOOVEE IT
,Recommended,292120,12908003,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Resinate,"WARNING following tweak:i found that inside:FINAL FANTASY XIII\white_data\moviehas double of all videos, one is english other is japanese. if u wanna save 20 gigs or so just delete ALL the NON _US filesthis tweak may not be legal or what not but it does help make the game small in size. this tweak also work vise versa, if u play in japanese voices delete all _US files.ENJOY the gameNOTE:MAKE BACKUPS!!! if needed"
,Recommended,292120,13373463,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,weaboss,Great Game
76561198280462051,Recommended,292120,23391995,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mic708heal,this game can run on my laptop does this mean that i can run ff13 2 ?
76561198122874075,Recommended,292120,23288326,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Senow,Nice FF Ever !
,Recommended,292120,23302078,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KurBy,the best episode in the ff franchise yet
,Recommended,292120,13694540,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SixShooter,FF 13 epic!!
,Recommended,292120,14266129,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,"Claire ""Lightning"" Farron","It's not a question of can or can't. There are some games in life you just play,"
,Not Recommended,292120,12449082,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ACE.Geralt,Well play Square Enix. Can u go to my asia country and arrest me becuz Im playing crack version even i got it on steam! Pisss offf SE.♥♥♥♥♥♥ur JP audio!!!!!
,Recommended,292120,12653588,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,PMA,"Decent gameplay, awesome cinematic, lame plot.Worth to buy if u love ff series."
,Not Recommended,292120,14421486,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jin-,I would rather watch ice melt
,Not Recommended,292120,12603383,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Døt,"As a die-hard fan of the series, I can't fully recommend you buy this port. There are 0 graphics options and no way to set the resolution to 1920x1080 (the bare minimum in my oppinion) or higher.Yeah, it's a great game, but you might as well just play it on xbox or buy it at gamestop for 5 dollars in the forgotten games bin."
76561198004810455,Not Recommended,292120,24201247,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kazuma,"I played this game alot when its first released for PS3. I cant recommend this game to any FF fan. Why...Pros:-Simple but fun combat-Some characters are interesting-Interesting story-Nıce visualsCons:-Game is linear beyond imagination. You just move in a line and at the end there is a cutscene. Short version of gameplay for you.- Character costumazition is an illisuon. You follow linear skill trees.- Some characters behave weird. So much annoying japanese anime type.- Everyone dramatizing everything all the time.- Doesnt feel like a Final Fantasy game.- Combat maybe fun but there is no deep stradegy or anything. You just control your party leader, rest act on their own.- PC port has Frame rate issues related to keyboard use. You need to disable all HDMI devices or use controller for stable gameplay.- Camera controls are slow and annoying. Feels like you are skating in the sky all time.If you are looking for a true FF game skip this one. Squarenix even admited this game's mistakes and made 2 more games for the series. Look for them."
76561198021498809,Not Recommended,292120,12605131,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,seppia,This game is really bad.
,Not Recommended,292120,12682701,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Beavis and Butthead Do ISIS,This game is distilled boring fed intrevenously into my brain stem.
76561198001159872,Recommended,292120,12610455,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JaY,"Have always been a Fan of FF.I played this game for the story line which i found to be really good. i did cheat engine my way thu it, but that is just me.The game play is ok, there is a lot of walking and like any FF game you will need to grind to get stronger.If you got the time have a play. Wasnt a waste of money for me and i cheated my way thu it.Cheers"
,Recommended,292120,12432360,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Seethe,"A spirital successor to Temple Run where you run around in a sparkly corridor collecting CP.The plot is a tragic tale of five LARPers with various personality disorders trying to survive the harsh reality of having been given magic powers.PROS:Stunning future-gen 720p visuals.CONS:Makes me press a button every so often.Final score: 12/10, still better love story than twilight."
,Recommended,292120,12663806,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Killswitchon815,"After playing this game for about 20 minutes and installing the GeDoSaTo Mod to increase resolution. I still found, even with a GTX 660, that this game still lacks in performance for this platform.I wanted to play this game because I wanted the chance to have higher frames then the PS3 version, but after testing this out, I felt dissappointed. I had more of a 30 fps average and sometimes a spike to 60 fps.I'm sure in future updates they will fix all the issues in consideration to performance and higher resolutions.Till then, I'll wait it out. I'll still recommend this only because there are still potential fixes to this title."
76561198067519252,Not Recommended,292120,12709292,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,xuthan,"Why no?The story is ok at most. The gameplay is ok. They are nothing to boast about and it makes you wonder why they even made the sequels. Fanservice? I wouldn't complain if they actually improved the lackluster story but instead, they create more plot holes and expect you to play Lightning Returns for a complete story. Yes, I have XIII-2 on the PS3 in hopes that it would improve, but it doesn't; I quit 3 hours in that game knowing that there was no improvement to the story.They didn't put any effort in this port and how long did it take to get to PC? 4 years!NOT OPTIMISED 60FPS as advertised and I will quote them on this from the store page ""Final Fantasy XIII has been optimised for PC, featuring full screen support and running at 60FPS. "".Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance was originally a console only game ported to PC but Platinum/Konami at least put some effort to make it suitable on the PC ecosystem. Even though there were some slight hiccups, they still tried and it worked flawlessly for most people. They even did a beautiful job on the Castlevania ports! SquareEnix with FFXIII however, is rubbish.Even if I didn't like the series, I would have purchased XIII-2 and Lightning Returns to support the PC platform, but it would seem that Square is now on my blacklist. Great Job Square! They just lost full priced sales for all their future games from me. Maybe I'll buy the games when the games are fixed and on sale for a few cents because that's what the efforts put into these ports are worth.TLDR:Performs like trash, lack luster story[UPDATE]2016 hardware, using GTX 1070 and it still performs like trash."
76561198012199144,Not Recommended,292120,12707777,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lex,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ porting, really"
76561198075575221,Not Recommended,292120,12600164,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome,"I don't personally reccommend the game now.  It's locked at 720P and I'd rather play it on the 360.  And I thought that was a poor port.  My laptop with a 670MX stutters and I've heard stories of people with higher end hardware.  If you've never played it before, go play it in console land."
,Not Recommended,292120,28230482,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,iDoNtHaVeAcOmPuTeR,"If you like movies with quicktime events... pick this ""game"" up."
,Recommended,292120,12693043,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Wassey,"this game have an awesome art style, extremely lovable characters and a epic story. this game is all about the story sinns it have like 80% cut scenes. don't believe all the negative reviews, yes this game isnt good ported to pc but anyone that wants to enjoy a awesome story should not have any problem with the game being locked at 720p.and the thing about the esc button exiting the game without warning, i found a perfect solution. i just remove the esc button when playing. and one more down side is if you have a low/mid lvl pc you will probably not be able to play it without lag. (as of 11 dec 2014 the 720p is not a problem any more. they have now added a few graphic options like 1080p and anti aliasing, but you still need a quite high-end pc to run it)so you should buy this if you wanna enjoy awesome characters and a epic story.but you should NOT buy it if you are a graphic settings geek and ar only interested in how the game performs with different graphic settings cuz there is no options for it"
,Recommended,292120,12431788,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PapaFranku,This game is awesome!
76561198008804383,Not Recommended,292120,12781027,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,oceansky,I have played a couple hours thats all but so far I don t even feel like i m playing a game. Its like i read on an other review you just keep pressing X all the time in battle its so boring.You are better off just playing  final fantasy 7 and 8 the graphics are not as good but the gameplay is excellent.Way better in my opinion.I ll update my review if the game gets better.
,Recommended,292120,12689127,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kuma Zombie,What can you do if you are FF fan and still love to play? Go for it or else! =)
76561198040908882,Not Recommended,292120,12796031,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kim Jong Tsun,"If you want a game with terrible characters, terrible design, a story written by a three year old with no concept of subtlety or consistancy with a surprisingly good battle system that was carried over to the vastly superior sequel so you have no reason to ever play this game then go for it. The only reason I could think to own it, which is the reason I own it, is for the inevitable mods that make it not as offensively bad."
,Recommended,292120,12488036,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Captain Titforce,10/10
,Not Recommended,292120,12453881,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,treelegs666,Just generally a bad port that detracts from the fun of the game- every time you hit esc it exits the game- locked at 720p (which is funny because the steam cards are at 1080p)- no options for anything- stuttering (really doesnt happen often though)- unintuitive controlsIf these issues get fixed i would gladly recommend the game but until then I can't in all good faith give this a recommendation
76561198121877269,Recommended,292120,12429867,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Noop-player,so far so good :3
,Not Recommended,292120,33248554,Posted: 4 July,all,Portra1t,This game is almost unplayable on PC
,Recommended,292120,12427627,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fobiusz,I'm so happy that we get another ff game on steam. Game is working fine i have some problems with stuttering in cutescenes but it presents great value at least for me. Square Enix was kind enough to give us for free japanese  language.
76561198059073166,Recommended,292120,12625926,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Lightning,If u are a squareenix fan. Everything will be very nice for u
,Recommended,292120,12433259,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ii M3RCENARY ii,Really good graphics and good battle system don't know what people are moaning about it's awesome :)
,Recommended,292120,12434970,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Spoopeth Doggington,"No matter the complaints about the games performance, The game is still amazing."
,Recommended,292120,12667855,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Urvis,I forgot the story and details while grinding for 100%.
76561198158252019,Recommended,292120,12668062,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,shinibunny12,"Read the mixed reviews but decided to buy it anyway. After playing it, I don't understand what people are complaining about. Here perhaps I'm gonna review of what became my biggest worry before purchasingGraphics--People are saying that it is too small resolution (with only 720p). But for me, the graphics looks very nice and detailed, (I played on 21"" led monitor, installed the grace of gedosato and is satisfied). The texture is all there with depth also so don't worry. There's nothing wrong for me with the fps or anything either. Been playing for 40 horus and the game is smooth and animation is so fluid, if there's a lag or anything, perhaps you should blame your spec (like video cards), but  not the game.Gameplay--For me the game itself felt like a reeling movie throughout the game. And though the gameplay perhaps is seen to be ""too linear"" I don't really have a problem with that since I'm here for the story (And I think all the FF series are focusing more on the story compared to the gameplay if we compare it). But if you're looking for the agility to push all the button or an adrenaline pumping game, better try another game. But if you're here for a game of jrpg with a good story with awesome graphics and music, please don't hesitate to purchase it.Story & Characters--People are saying the story are confusing, well there's a datalog you ought to read before you ask or rant anything *I've been there*, everything written there (including the ones that they never discuss in the scenes).There are also mixed reviews about characters, but for me each main character has their own distinct personality, but we could see the logic behind their action and the story makes their diversity entangle with each other nicely, resulting a proper growth for each character (so far).The lines are also neat and sharp (though the english subtitles has a way to bend the real meaning behind of the japanese word). And in all I found them appealing.Well, the game only cost 15$ anyway, the beauty of graphic and music ought to not make you loss anything :)"
,Recommended,292120,12430679,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Woody,For non-fans of FINAL FANTASY seriesyou will not get any fun from this game.in Fact it has a lot of problem for SQ to solve it right now.BUT if you are a real fans.please don't think just buy :D
,Recommended,292120,12571595,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ö,"World in danger of evil dark, but qt314 Raitoninguu and blak guy will save from evil. also gay blonde guy always talkin he hero but still not 4/5"
,Recommended,292120,12431357,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Arty,"Ok, I'm about 8 hours in FF13.Thoughts so far. Before I started playing I heeded some advice to read the background data as I receive it or I wouldn't understand what's going on. I read it. Still fuzzy on a lot of things, but so far the story from what I was presented is actually not that bad. The characters are versatile, Vanille is quirky and innocent. Lightning's not that deep, but she's a soldier, she's practical I guess. Snow's kinda my favorite of the bunch. Zhazs (or however his name is spelled) is your standard comic relief character, but seems like there's more to him. Looking forward to find out what. And then there's Hope. I get him, I guess, he's scared and a real momma's boy, but that kid needs a spine. The world is beautiful, as expected from a FF game.Gameplay. Ok, yeah, so far it's been a corridor after corridor after corridor. But, so far it hasn't been annoying as people said it would be, I guess I'm looking forward to the cutscenes because they're so good, so I go through them fast. The combat, while in the beginning was kinda super easy (playing on normal which is the highest difficulty at the moment, and it was really easy at first), but now that I unlocked more classes and skills and the enemies are beginning to be harder, I'm liking it. There's an occasional challenge, but then I figure out a technique how to get the enemy to stagger and I feel powerful.I'm playing with original japanese audio and english subtitles and the audio is pretty good, though sometimes the subtitles aren't really presenting what the characters are saying (which means I know some japanese! \o/)And now the bad things. Mostly from a technical perspective.This is a port, but the rumours of it being 1080p were not really true. It's 720p, albeit at 60fps, which is better than console versions, I guess, but that's where the better part ends. There are no graphic options in the game. None. I was searching for them in the game, couldn't find them. No custom AA, no changing resolution, no changing details. It's pretty barebones. The only options are the standard sound and subtitle options. Which is ok, but it's no 1080p. Now, the game still looks gorgeous, even with 720p and I don't really mind it that much, but would be good if there was an option to change it.Even though it was reported that the game will work with the x360ce supported gamepads, I'm having troubles making mine work properly. The keys are not bound correctly, and I can't rebind them because there aren't any options for it in the game, and the game doesn't even recognize the x360ce program for it. Hopefully, there will be a patch. The good news is that keyboard + mouse works pretty good. But I kinda wanted to play it with a gamepad.Also, for some reason, in fullscreen mode, pressing the escape key exits the game without any prompt. Was surprised at it when I pressed it trying to get out of a menu. Suddenly, hello Steam library page.So yeah, not the best port, but works well on my PC. I read that some people have troubles with frame drops even on better graphics cards than mine. I guess I'm lucky that I haven't had any troubles with that. Hopefully the problems will be fixed and the next two installments that will come to PC won't have them.For now I will recommend it because Steam requires a recommendation. But will see what the final verdict is once I finish the game."
76561198140931720,Recommended,292120,12430700,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,JeroFire,"using Catalyst Control Center, i was able to enable gpu scaling-scale image to full panel size, now the game fills my entire 24 inch monitor.dont look too bad blown up. this is one method i found to get the game full screen, at least to tie over for a poper update. so for those who have amd stuff under the hood, try giving this a try, it worked wonders for me and also stopped the game from crashing, stutters less as well. good luck guys :)right clicking on the ffxiii.exe and selecting compatability this may help crashes on start upcheck disable visual themescheck disable desktop compositioncheck disable display scaling on high dpi settingsfor those haveing startup issues with this game, this could help as it seemed to do wonders for me.this is on windows 7 by the way, not sure how it works on xp or 8...could be the same not sure though."
76561197963428726,Recommended,292120,12434462,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Crokite,"Game Modes: Single player only.So far so good. fps are fine (fps cap are at 60fps),sound are fine same goes with game music it matches the game it self, graphics are ok, gameplay are nice, it's easy to use , easy to learn, good story line. i feel i got already my Money value for the game in playtime, if you compared to games with aaa price tag that honesty are not even no where near as entertainment as Final Fantasy are. but this is ofc my opinion of this game.For me it's not all about fighting ofc it's a huge part of it and i learn to like the fighting system, for me FF series are as reading a good book/watch a good movie but i'm in the game. it's a shame they did not push it up to 1920x1080 or give graphical option. but this have very little impact of my liking of this game.i do not mind original resolution as it is working fine.Fair to say that this game feels in the way of how you look the gameplay it self. it's from a birds view perspective, it does have a ""console"" behavior as for as how you se the gameplay (left,right,up,down) so to speak. but i don't see this in a negative way, i'm just not use to in pc games i usually play.I like the entertainment this game gives for me.Can i and still feel honest, to recommend others to buy FFXIII. Absolut YesBut i must advice you to take a look at Final Fantasy XIII youtube videos so you se what kind of game this is so you know what you buy if/when you buy it"
,Not Recommended,292120,31239708,Posted: 19 April,all,{CFH} Joey,Couldn't figure out what this game was about
,Recommended,292120,12430393,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,GenoCorp,"Game is fun, but the FPS Studder is causing major issues for me, its running smooth for 5 sec and it studders for 1 sec. Please do fix that FPS studder bug.. Besides that its a fun game, good story and brings back my console memories."
,Recommended,292120,12430353,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Xbrite Eco,"The first time I read that FF XIII is coming to PC I was like ""Finally"", But all changed today.The game itself requires 60GB of download, which is pretty big considering its a ""Direct Porting"" to PC.Good thing about it is the game actually have dual language, both Japanese and English are available. Then the intro started to coming along pretty good when suddenly I pressed ESC and the game just automaticlly kick you out from the game. Another bad thing about it is that you don't have any options to change the graphic settings and the game is locked at 780pGameplay review will be coming soon after a couple hours of in-game"
76561198067302656,Recommended,292120,12430407,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Boomerang,"I recommend the game but it needs some basic updates...ff13 on pc has no video options so you are stuck at 720p. Without tinkering with the game you will not fill out your pc screen and instead have black bars on the top and bottom with a shrinked image.Also there is no proper way to exit the game. You can quit to the main menu but that is as far as you can go. The first time i had to ctrl alt del to exit the game. However, I just read that you can hit ESC in main menu to exit out.overall a bad port that does not catter to the pc world at all.PS:I happend to fix most of the issues through the Nvidia controil panel.Had to do Aspoect Ratio to Scaling mode &Performance scaling on GPU. Seems to now be running at full screen 1080pAlso made sure to add anisotropic filtering x16 multisampling 8 ... v sync on etc."
,Not Recommended,292120,21629134,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zalastra,"After 30 minutes of play I just had to give up on this and get it refunded. The combat is extremely boring to me and i'm not gonna wait many hours for the potential of it becoming better, maybe even good. It's real-time combat done in a turn based way. You cannot even move your character just select actions to do. Which starts at a simple choice of 2 attacks. I like turn based combat for it's strategy, which is absent here and real-time combat for the ability to ""outplay"" the enemies by dodging and blocking which i cannot do either."
,Recommended,292120,12428219,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,wfw00d,"There have been a few complaints about the graphics.  As it is, the game doesnt provide much to help that, same as the other FF games that have been brought to steam.  there are ways you can adjust the settings its seems w/ either nvidia or radeon, but ya gotta check the discussion board, or ya can wait for a patch/mod of some sort to be created somewhere to fix half the complaints.Ive had a great experience with it, however.  If you are unsure your pc has the specs, wait for a patch.  but I'm satisfied and this is for a preorder."
,Recommended,292120,12441718,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BadAssJonesy,"loved this game on ps3 and loving it on PC. IDC if its only '720P' or any of that crap, the game looks great and plays like butter on my computer :) also love that when i wanna quit i just hit esc."
,Recommended,292120,12438306,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kilim,"with this game you really have to know what you're getting into and give it a shot. the problem is that this game has such a negative stigma associated with it that no one gives it a fair chance and blows every flaw out of proportion.looking at it from a glance, this game has: an incredible setting, great battle system (provided you know what you're doing - if you think you can get by with just auto-attacking you aren't making full use of the combat), convoluted story and one dimensional characters. the game is also linear to a fault but that's more of a design decision, it allows the player to focus more on the setting and story but it is executed poorly.basically this game is as fun as you make it out to be. if you go into the game expecting a mess and not giving it a fair chance you're going to hate the game. if you go into the game expecting a great battle system and setting you can forgive the other flaws; lets face it - all games have flaws."
76561198047638824,Recommended,292120,12649849,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ben,Good port
,Recommended,292120,12441987,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,rrpjdisc,"Game works fine, not sure what people are whining about.Oh boo hoo it's only 720p, wah wah wah, I want 1080p. Go cry me a river.Get the game if you like Final Fantasy."
76561198030699583,Recommended,292120,12437520,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Boris the Blade,"As everyone said, it really is a bad port. But the game is good, and it's not expensive, so I would recommend it to anyone who likes jrpg or rpg in general."
76561198043705470,Recommended,292120,12438223,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,big-breasted Linda!,so far so good... no issue whatsoever... been waiting for this game for quite some time... enjoying my sweet time...there goes the sunlight...
76561197989416773,Recommended,292120,12441115,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,"I like that game even if it's forced to 720p. Ye it's need patches and i hope they will release them. Ye not the best port in the world but its ok, i have a 5 year old pc (intel quad core q6600 and 4gb ram) with a new 650GTX and with that config my fps never dopped below 30 in the game."
,Recommended,292120,12433907,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,asinmanis,"I've never played it on PS3, so I pretty much waited for years for this. And last night I got it on my laptop which runs on a crap graphic card; Intel HD 4000 Graphics.It's only been 30 minutes in the game, so what I'm writing is the first impression only.Not the story quality, gameplay quality, etc.Graphics wise, people are complaining because it is locked in 720p, uncostumizeable, blah blah, you know, basic PC master race crap. But I don't think it's a hassle because even in a locked graphics, it looks friggin awesome. You will be served a good view of your Lightning-waifu. That's just my point of view though, so I'm not categorizing it as Pro/Con.Pros:1. Even Intel HD Graphics can play this although not with maximum FPS.2. The graphics are not compromised. You get what the console players had.3. You can use gamepad/keyboard.4. Japanese/English dub is available with subtitle. Perfect for those who likes to listen to the original Japanese voice over. Both are great.5. Audio is good.6. No apparent bug so far.Cons:1. Gamepad button is not customizable, only keyboard is. I know there's a suggestion which gamepad to use, but if people use different gamepad, the button mapping will be slightly differ and it's quite the bugger.2. Eats a lot of your hard drive at installation. (49 GB to download, and somehow you need 49 GB more to install because as it is unpacking, it copies itself, which also needs another 49GBs.)3. Too much haters. LOL.So anyone who don't own a PS3, this might be worth it since it's really cheap compared to the PS3 version. If you dont need high end graphics and only want to play RPG games for fun. I recommend you to get this."
76561198092340649,Recommended,292120,12434018,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ian,"well i was enjoying it untill i used Esc to get out of the menu....which acted as alt+F4, fml."
76561198000790285,Recommended,292120,12438163,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,beambreaker,"Finally set up Tri def 3d ignition  Oculus Rift profile for it, definitely has some issues but overall it was a neat experience, not thrilled with tri def's  lack of controller support, gonna work on some Vireio Perception profiles and see if i have better luck getting controller support, otherwise VorpX but i hate that greedy little bugger, all things aside can't wait to at least view Pulse and a few Adamantortoises wandering around the landscape. if anyone is interested in my modified FFXIII tridef profile to give it a shot since they pulled the -steamvrbeta out of the game, just send a dm and a request i'll give you the link, there is one on tridef but it hasn't been optomized at all. Cheers and happy gaming. as for everyone else without a dev kit2 or 1, this game plays identical to the console version if you never played it give it a go it's a great game, with a wild story yes there is some very linear points but there is some side quests that are entertaining and if you like me like to complete a game maxed to the♥♥♥♥♥♥9999 across the board you'll be playing for awhile....a long long  while... there is some good farming buffing points early on but i recommend skipping them for the pulse landscape.... have fun and #GAMEVR!!!"
,Recommended,292120,12442682,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DevilS.13,"Honestly, for 15 dollars, this game is a pretty fair port.Pros:- lightning waifu is now on steam~- very well done art style, aged well for a 2009 release, and the number of people who worked on this game is- japanese audio or english audio, the original english dubbing kind of detracts from the story, and the japanese voice actors really put a lot of time into getting the tone to fit the mood.Cons:- yes the game file is pretty big, but it was to be expected as the original game was spanned across 4 cd's for the 360 version and a 50 gb bluray disk for the ps3I would really give it a try, and I'm extremely glad square enix has decided to reach out to the PC market!  tbh the download time is a little unreal, but you wouldn't be looking at this page if you didn't have some interest in playing a 21st century final fantasy game, I'd look into it with an open mind, and maybe square enix will put more effort into the ff13-2 and ff13-lightning returns ports!edit- with the new update, Square Enix has pretty much made this the definitive edition of FF XIII, fps drops are gone, custom resolutions and graphics settings if your system isn't up to par, 9/10"
,Recommended,292120,12434393,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Orson1981,"There are certainly some issues with this port, no doubt.  Chief among these is that if you do not connect a game pad the game will stutter every second or two for a moment.  Luckily Dark Souls prepared me for bad ports and I had my own gamepad ready, but of course, that might not be the case for you.  Hopefully they get this fixed soon.Secondly there is no video options, at all, in the game.  While I've found this to be a trivial problem, the game looks beautiful on my rig, others have complained about ""streched"" graphics.The gameplay really leaves something to be desired as well.  Level design is poor, at least in the early game.  Pretty much you just walk forward for a short while until either a fight or cut scene appears, (I'm told this changes later on, but after playing 10+ hours on the Xbox, I eventually gave up on this).  The fights, so far, are practically automatic.  A few button clicks every once in awhile and the computer takes care of the rest.The worst though is the sound of clopping shoes as you make your way through the game, who the hell signed off on that...So with all this why do I recommend the game?  Well because if you can get it to work, it is a beautiful game, no doubt.  Also, while not the best Final Fantasy game in the series, if you are a fan of the series I think you will like this game.  It isn't everything we expect from a Final Fantasy game, but it continues the series's tradition of crafting a beautiful world and telling a wonderful tale."
76561198057049602,Recommended,292120,12450341,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,antin luu,"Great game.  Only one hour into it. Mostly going through the tutorial of how to fight and use items. The tutorial is build into the storyline. Anyone can play it. Doesn't require much skills (combat system) as in some other games. FF always have great story, visual, and music. This is living up to my expectation. Previous knowledge of the game is not required to play it.no recommendation. It might be too graphical for childen (under 10). Some of the scenes (are violent) not rated G. Parental  Guidance suggested. Those into Fantasy series will probably like the game."
,Recommended,292120,12485404,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,I have a problem,Lightning pls step on me
,Not Recommended,292120,13166914,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DavffyDuckDuck,I have yet to play this game long enough to like it. The screen resolution is locked. Not a great port definitely. Can say the same about the gameplay.
,Recommended,292120,12994453,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,squaллe,"Definitely not the best game in the series (actually one of the worst ones) but still playable when you get used to it.The actual gameplay begins very late. Until then you just have to run forward and watch cutscenes about six ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ doing retard things. Once you get the chance to actually do anything besides that it actually is okay.Other than that, for this price - I say give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,292120,29987579,Posted: 17 February,all,Nihil_iii,"At 2 hours , so far its terrible, all ive been doing is hitting the same button and listening to overly fancy graphicly saved cheesy lined actors gab. Also it has no controller support between my laptop and desktop somehow, iether that or its the post save issue... so now i have to sit with a brick on my lap to hit the same button instead kf watching it on a big screen. Glad i only paid 7$"
,Recommended,292120,31927987,Posted: 23 May,all,COCK,♥♥♥♥
76561198056498096,Not Recommended,292120,29789216,Posted: 8 February,all,Igixnasii,"Not an RPG or really a game at all. Spend most of my time trying to stay awake and I have actually fallen asleep a whole bunch during combat. Combat's not interesting, story is not interesting, none of the final fantasy character customization, no real gameplay, looks pretty."
76561198165530840,Not Recommended,292120,26703435,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,wrath_anu,"I've played Final Fantasy X and VII Crisis Core. FFXIII was totally nothing compared to them. While the graphics were beautiful, the linearity of the world and the mindless battle system were huge disappointments. You just go on pressing Enter and Tab once in a while. It's not fun at all because it doesn't engage you."
76561197997180428,Recommended,292120,12426138,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Pellefant,"Great game, just like I remember it from playing on PS3. The port is very straight forward, with no extra frills, but that is to be expected. It's released as a budget title, after all. Works perfectly fine on my little laptop (I7-4710HQ, GTX860M), so I can heartily recommend it to fans of RPGs (and anyone else who can enjoy a  well produced, triple-A game). Those CGIs are to die for :)PS. Bring an XBox controller, but that's a given, right?"
,Not Recommended,292120,12444522,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Deerskin,"Save yourself the bandwith, the disk space, and the $16.The Storyline is forgettable at best, and Characters are pretty much on the same boat. Mechanics are interesting... No I lied, they're totally boring. When I play this game, it feels like I'm in a really long line that moves very slowly (yes it's THAT linear...). I was one of those who was really looking forward to playing once I saw the trailers. This title was a real let down though."
,Recommended,292120,30611820,Posted: 19 March,all,kohen,BEST GAMEBECAUSE HOT CHICKSxddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddMy daily fap.Teen too
76561198025501791,Not Recommended,292120,13655852,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,I_AM_100%_Noob,"Buggy Game, Game started to run smoothly at the beginning, after awhile, the game started to lag freeze every 2 second, SquareEnix PLEASE FIX IT!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292120,22574581,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Megakoresh,"TL; DR: Are you on ecstasy/weed? Are you 12? Are you all of those things? If you answered ""yes""to any of those questions, go to a doctor, you need help. If not: RUN THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY FROM THIS GAME!What are you still doing here?! Every second spend on this game's webpage kills a 1000 brain cells! Run away! Ok, upvote this review,thenrun away.[DISCLAIMER] I am not into anime. I hate pretentiousness and overexaggeration without comedic or gameplay value.So once upon a time I was bored. And out of games to play. Dreamfall chapters episode 5 and Witcher 3 expansion are still a ways out. So bored was I that by brain went completely bonkers and made me buy this game. The FULL trilogy. I knew I was going to regret it, but I did it anyway. Why? Why do people eat chili pizza? To make their♥♥♥♥♥♥burn, obviously.So FF13 is a weird JRPG (tautology intended), where you lead a party of demented anime heroes down the path of cheesy speeches, RPG grindfest and grand adventures of mind♥♥♥♥ing proportions. You party consists of 2 underages kids, one of whom is the most cridgeworthy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever heared (if you read the disclaimer, you know why), a steretypical black guy (with a chicken in his head? How do I even...??!!), a cheesy anime guy who practically generates a slice of Edam in my fridge for every word he says, a woman with a sexy voice(that has less facetime than any other character) and you - an emotionless stone-faced warrior-lady who looks like she has pole up her♥♥♥♥♥the entire 30 hours it takes to rush through this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥(and I rushed HARD, using cheats at the end to compensate for the level disadvantage, just so I can finish this game faster). Lightning is essentially a checklist for every videogame player character cliche:- Emotionless. Not a single ♥♥♥♥ given.- ""Badass"". I am not afraid of no mother♥♥♥♥ing cactus in this mother♥♥♥♥ing game! (unless I am underleveled, then I'm dead).- Devoid of any other character traits.- Gravelly voice.What's not to like? Oh, yeah - and she is voiced by the same actress that did Liara T'Soni in Mass Effect. Incidentally Liara was my favourite character in Mass Effect...So gameplay: Because Japanese games are Challenging™, most of the common videogame elements are renamed, so i will provide proper names. You have an ATB(Stamina) gauge. You use that to send pokemon style commands at the enemy. Commands are great in number, and have fancy effects, but since there's no more input required from you, it makes no actual difference gameplay-wise. Just choose the right ability for the current enemy. Basically pokemon......In real time. Yeah. So you know how pokemon is turn based? You know the reason for that? It's because portable consoles of old has limited control options. Abilities needed to be selected through a set of nested menus. And pokemons could have around 8 abilities at most (variable, I know). So to make sure we fought the enemy and not the UI, they made the combat turn-based... But that is too mainstream! User Experience? Human Centered Design? BS! In Final Fantasy 13 you will be enjoying over 9000 submenus full of lists, each of which displaying 6 items at most at the time, requiring you to scroll up and down till you find the ability you want. You'd think they alloted more than 5% of the screen to this, being the only battle-impacting section of it, but of course not - you need to be able to see the cheesy animations, how else are you going to experience the grand 10 damage you just did to that enemy that outlevels you...Oh did I mention no mouse support: because no mouse support. Learn, From Software: THIS is how you create challenge.Story. So the story is an interesing bit. Basically if you took 13 13 year old girls (huehuehue) that deeply hated each other, overdosed them with ecstasy, and locked them in the same room for a month with a TV that only showed Twilight, Naruto and Power Rangers, then dragged them out and forced them to make a story for a game, you would get the story of this game. Or at least the most coherent part of it. The plot of this game combines the most utterly non-sensical scenes and dumb plot twists with pretty much all of the anime tropes and holleywood-style cheesy dialogue into one glorious cluster♥♥♥♥ of story sequences that delivers a fairly generic main idea of the plot in the most brainmelting and incoherent way possible. I don't think there's a person on this planet, that can, starting from chapter 5, finish this game and be able to tell what the ♥♥♥♥ happened and why did they do all they did. All of that is topped off with dialogue so cringeworthy and cliché that actors themseleves frequently give up and deliberately exaggerate lines at random. If you know any of them, please send flowers to their mental hospital in my name!Conclusion: I never liked anime. I don't like it when something is cheesy and stupid, yet pretends to be mature and serious. I bought this game knowing, I'd hate it and I did it anyway. But it has more problems than just my personal. The design of combat system is incredibly dumb. Even if you used a controller, it can not, under any circumstances be efficient, especially at later stages when number of abilities grows so much, you have to scroll several pages of them to reach the end. The port is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game starts on about 4th-5th attempt, previous just shutting down without error, looks quite outdated, even for it's release date, yet runs horrible, even on my enthusiast rig(GTX770, i72600K, 24GB RAM, SSD).Conclusion#2: Lighting is a very smart character design. By ensuring that she exhibits traits of a person with a permanent pole stuck in the rесtum, it perfectly associates with the way players feel trying to endure this game, thus greatly contributing to player's bond with the protagonist."
,Not Recommended,292120,13659743,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rush357753,"The game is great, graphics are outstanding. I love it. But I can't recommend it in it's current state. I have above the recommended specs and do not hit max load at any time. Fresh after download I had about 80-85% quality on Frame rate of gameplay and cutscenes. After finding info and tweaking some settings on a 3rd party program I've gotten it to 100% quality cutscenes but gameplay is still about 90-95% framerate (exploring). Which would probably be fine for some but I'm picky on frame rate and it bugs the hell out of me. Although playable now, it is still not as good as it should be. I would recomend 10/10 if they fix their framerate performance issues. This perfomance issue does not effect everyone's PC but does effect many, you can look it up. Good luck on the coin toss, or wait for the performance issues to be patched, hopefully. I'll continue playing when the game has finished being ported, and will not buy sequals until then. ( These are Early Access quality performance problems in my opinion and are unacceptable for final finshed release.)"
76561198177600646,Not Recommended,292120,24893806,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sessho,meh
,Recommended,292120,13384901,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Fragstoff,Best single player RPG I've played in years. Porting was well done and steam cloud syncs saves well. for under $20 I would say it is a must have for RPG fans who havent played this game on PS3 yet.
76561198026007011,Not Recommended,292120,23040509,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,joeness84,"5 hours in and I couldnt even care about the story or characters, combat is missing something, I dunno what, this one just had zero grab on me.   (vs say, FFX HD remake, that came out 5 days ago and Im over 40 hours on already..)"
,Recommended,292120,12481601,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BULLZEYE,Awful PC port. Quick cash grab. I have a problem
76561198068272100,Recommended,292120,12495501,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Kaori Ayase,"after two kids steal the ship, whether loading screen too long?"
,Recommended,292120,12703929,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Valkyriel,"The CG stuttering has been fixed, and the game runs well on my system. I'm happy with everything except my pixelated screenshots, when zoomed in only 15%. I loved this game on PS3 and am Still enjoying it on PC. I will be getting the other 2 in this trilogy."
,Recommended,292120,12474861,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Pudgeinabowl,"You get the feeling playing this, that SE really wanted to make another movie. Graphics issues aside (GEDOSTA fixes it), is it a good movie? Do you like shinji? Because this game has shinji and named the little♥♥♥♥♥♥hope, and you can't drop kick him off of a ledge. You LITERALLY gained super powers, can shoot fire, water balls and heal rediculous amounts of damage. And you're still whining, 24/7 unless we're in a chapter that features Sazh (a decent character) and vanille (who has forced me to switch to jap audio and subtitles to avoid insanity).Still, for $15, you can do worse."
76561198002608158,Recommended,292120,12480638,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kenji Tamada,"21 hours into the game: Why didn´t I play this game earlier?Finally a FF that tries something new!Since I play games for the story in the first place, I love how many cutscenes and dialogue are used in this game compared to other FF titles I played before. All the characters get a lot of screentime so you get to know their personalities quite well. There have been some decision by characters I really couldn´t comprehend how they could do what they did, but until now all these strange decisions have been shown afterwards in a different light which made me understand their motivation. The story had some intersting twists up till now, wonder how it will all play out.I played FF 1,4,7,8 and now 13 and up till now 13 is my favorite(beware: I absolutely hated FF7, lame plot, lame chars imho, so if you loved FF7 I may not be the reviewer you want to trust)The fight system takes a little getting used to, but once you get used to often switching, you will begin to see the potential and the fun increases dramatically. Be prepared to experiment a lot before you get a feeling which roles to combine and when to use which combinaton. Odin is the first enemy who will really test whether you understood the system (died a least 10 times before I could defeat him)The music is typically SquareSoft. It´s elegant, complex and will help you immerge into the game world. A good friend of me misses the typical FF sounds, like the victory theme, but like I said before: finally a FF that does something new! Yeah many FF themes are brilliant, but after so many games they got very repetive for me.For me this FF is much more an interactive Fiction than a game, which is why I love it.Also it´s quite cheap. Squaresoft could have asked for the full price like many other companies want for their ports. The low price was what lead me to try this game and damn it would be worth a full price.All in all it´s been a long time since a game got me hooked like FF13 did!"
76561198018516730,Recommended,292120,12739228,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,tpbutch,"Not the best in the series by far, but most FF fans won't want to miss this. The battle system is pretty engaging, but unfortunately the game doesn't really open up until the final 3 chapters. One saving grace is that the GeDoSaTo application can really make this game look pretty. Recommended with some reservations."
,Recommended,292120,12447319,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,games,"This is the first Final Fantasy i have played, and while the cut-scenes are fairly frequent, they don't interrupt the story and give the general feel-good that you are making progress.I think this game is quite amazing.  The graphics are decent, the game play is smooth.At the time of writing this, there seems to be a glitch when using a controller as the help doesn't show the buttons to press, and certain actions such as using the Mists (?) prior to combat don't seem to be available. Keyboard command is [tab], and controller command is the [d-pad], however neither do anything when the controller is plugged in.Navigation of the character is pretty solid overall.  In spite of the minor controller issues, I am giving this game a thumbs-up and a must have for any RPG/Fantasy enthuisiast."
,Recommended,292120,12704769,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Antslug,I know alot of reviews say its a bad game but it isnt. granted the game can seem a bit bleh especially chapter 4 but the story is not that bad at all. There are things to do after you beat the game and i do agree it would have been alot better if it were more open world. but other than that the game is great. more display options would be nice and contrtoller config.
76561198006162972,Not Recommended,292120,30209573,Posted: 26 February,all,Zefiro_Torna,"It's all linear, not at all open world like previous games of the series, such a shame..."
76561198364272837,Not Recommended,292120,32656320,Posted: 22 June,all,junkmehere411,Not recommended if you don't have a gamepad controller.  Just couldn't get the keyboard and mouse to be reponsive enough.  Lost many b.e.g.i.n.i.n.g. fights.  ... a terrible port.
,Recommended,292120,12733504,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zangetsu,"I was a FF fan from day 1 i am trully happy they released FFXIII on steam since i do not own a console anymore, I want to request FFXIII-2 as soon as posibble and if Square Soft can please release FFX & FFX-2 on steam, I am such an fan please grant my request and the community is also happy."
76561197970830741,Not Recommended,292120,14039116,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NO_PUPPET_NO_PUPPET,Not good at all.
,Not Recommended,292120,12961999,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Roppest,What was I thinking?
,Recommended,292120,12448968,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,OniZeanEma,i want final Fantasy XIII 1080p. But i don't like 720p.
,Recommended,292120,12445953,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,HollySane,"**This is a conditional recomendation for the East Asian Version of this Game**I got this game (pre-purchased it) out of sheer intention of diving deep once again into FF (havn't done that in a while) and taking the fact that it's a port-over and nobody should've any super high expectations of having a smooth contol options in PC, we shouldn't complain too much.So, I wrote a few issues this game currently has and how to fix it/adapt/deal with it :Issue 1: The damn exit button.In PC ports, we have tendencies of pressing the exit key to pause the game. Having to constantly press it thinking that the game would be on a pause, is what come to my mind-but instead, a pop-up appears asking if i am sure that i want to exit: yes or no. Annoying, isn't it?Solution: Plugged in my 360 controller and works for now. or do what i did earlier, mouse left click as enter mouse right click as go back; inventory press e, wasd the usual movements ( a little tedius, i know)Issue 2: the 720 p sizeYes the size even in fullscreen. I'm okay with it but some are not.Solution: Somone's aking a fix (Durante. who?? *sigh* google him, for god's sake!). He's working on it.Issue 3: Voice acting (for those who muck about how they don't understand Japanese)Solution: I think Ali does a good work as Lightning in the English version but the others were a little odd (in a little i took too much sugar and meth kind of way...sorry, Troy...Snow too). So, I do enjoy playing the Japanese originals more than I do the English voiceovers. It's just an opinion, don't get the fitring squad jst yet.  Though some would say the Japanese language version is a little though to understand, I would retort 'Read the darn subs!'Issue 4: Whopper downloadSolution: You've been warned. I'm in East Asia, I haven't experienced the Whopper sized download (mine came about 34.something GB and it took me like just two days). So, really, I have nothing to say about that, *points at Square Enix* It's all on them!!The verdict:...a message to all users,what's not to love about FF? I only want to say is  get this game if you only really want to experience FF on a PC port (or if you are too lazy to switch on your consoles while you're working on your laptop, like me). Otherwise, dont ever ♥♥♥♥♥ about it when you get this game because it's a port-over! You can't expect perfection from day one. So, suck it up or don't buy it at all....and now a message to Square Enix,Dear Square Enix, based on my observation on recent events, please don't you dare inccur extra charges or expect gamers to immediately rush to buy any of your future Definitive Edition games-especially if there are any for the FF series and onwards. Yes there may be sales and such but really, if there's a focus on the quality of a piece, then there's no need of this ploy of milking it from a particular franchise. oh and uh, you should really listen to them suggestions by your users/customers/all wh play your games, because that's what the focus group sessions in R&D is for.XOXO"
,Recommended,292120,12426524,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Arthur,"Plays just like the PS3 and Xbox360 versions. It's true it's locked to 720p, but so what? Doesn't make it a bad game."
76561198089967038,Not Recommended,292120,22164111,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dirty Tortoise,"One word: boring.After 17 hours of gameplay that actually felt more like watching a not really interesting movie I gave up on this game. In my opinion, fighting is dull, plot - not really convincing, you have one and only one path to go (really? 17 hours and there wasn't ANY choice but to go one, single way? What's wrong with you, people?).But well, if you like being bored to death: go ahead. I'm not gonna stop you."
,Not Recommended,292120,13755280,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,superalanliu,This port is so horribly done. I'm running at HD 7850 and it lags. :(
76561197981430961,Not Recommended,292120,31955054,Posted: 25 May,all,PathosFlame,"This game sucks balls - hard! I can't really tell you how much is wrong with this game. Ultra-linear maps, game long tutorial and gameplay-mechanics that unnessarely complex and linear for the most part of the game... But if you ask me, so the absolute stupidly and inconsistently told story AND the dumb and unsympathetic characters break it for me the most.If you want and JRPG: go play persona, golden sun or final fantasy games until part 10 - skip the later entrys until final fantasy 15."
,Recommended,292120,12568940,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sodium,"They fixed it, its great :)"
,Recommended,292120,13054090,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,sl8hamr,"I do recommend this game(espacially when you got a high f*ck spec PC)The  game itself just unreal when it's on PC.The controls are just a bit better when you uses controller.It's got good story(like the original console version)I do not recommend those who already had a console version of it,because the game itself as i said,is better on consoleI only play for a few hours because I already played the whole game on console so yesI voted Very Good For This GameWould be great if they got the newer game working for PC though."
76561198035196081,Recommended,292120,12459798,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DimensionalLensing,once you start playing into it the stuttering becomes less noticeable/doesnt really happen anymore. I think its a really good game still and I can live with the 720p
76561198041714049,Not Recommended,292120,13325734,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Delubyo,i bought it and it wont even boot. even after the updates. i need help on this or just give my money back please
,Recommended,292120,12446490,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Recker,Good fun
,Recommended,292120,12454888,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Yakumo,"Well, what more can you get ? sexy ladies and some heroes on your command!..great gameplay tho, sometime the plot can get a little confusing but it is a simple objective.with all them sexy ladies, i rate this game 11/10 xD"
76561198117107129,Recommended,292120,12473069,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,shochansuki,"the only reason I recommend this game is for those like me who don't have a ps3 or xbox and can't buy one. instead of paying over 200$ for the whole lot, I saved a lot by just paying 17.99$.but if you do have either of the consoles don't even bother with this version. it takes way too much space on pc, the controlls are all wonky and you can't change them with the controller, the camera work is all backwards and I can't find a right setting, sometimes the video and audio don't match up.for such a good game that I waited to play for years and I had such high expectations for the steam release, I can't really find a good point to this release except the japanese audio. I'll just have to save some money to buy a ps3 because I love this game too much not to own it and play on a real console over and over again"
,Recommended,292120,12477420,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Paradoxicles,"Update:The latest update on December 11 has removed the locked 720p resolution and gives the option to render at 1080p, added some AA and Shadow detail while reducing a lot of the performance issues that have been reported. If you have been on the fence about purchasing, get it now! This is the definitive version!After originally playing this on the 360 back in the day, I quickly became fascinated by the worlds of Cocoon and Pulse and grew to love it, despite all the criticisms it received due to its linearity and whatnot. When I found out it was coming to Steam I was excited, though the mixed reviews don't surprise me at all. The port's not the best I've played, but it's definitely not the worst.The ""Paradigm Shift"" mechanic of the combat system is fun and grows more complex the further you get into the main story, especially after unlocking the Crystarium in Chapter 3. I will admit the story is confusing starting out, but don't worry, you'll get the hang of it. The characters all follow the typical JRPG archetypes, but they begin to change over the course of the story and you find yourself slowly starting to like them if you didn't already.I recommend this game to people who love great stories, gameplay, and wonderful soundtracks. I recommend this game to series veterans, series newcomers and people who love JRPGs. To those on the fence, wait for a sale, though it's already pretty cheap.My rating: 9/10"
76561198124944262,Recommended,292120,12445086,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nintandog,"I've been playing for a little over an hour, using an xbox 360 controller, and I've had no issues whatsoever. I downloaded that mod thingo for the 1080p resolution and it still looks fairly good. If you're not a ♥♥♥♥♥ for all anti aliasing and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥and just want to play the game, you'll be fine!"
,Recommended,292120,12445680,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dedly,"Atm, port is not ideal.... but game is great (played on PS), hope Square will release patches.."
76561198053979478,Recommended,292120,12446454,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vanilla Schnee,"This a linear game, mostly like a movie game, because is have many cut scene. The game is relaxing and I like is. I just don't understand why everyone complain about the port. 49GB to DL ... it loook small on a 1TB drive.The story is interesting, but don't think this FF will be like previous one, it will not. This is a console game, so expect it to play with a controler and not the keyboard and mouse."
76561197982944904,Recommended,292120,12467145,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,alex,"So far despite all the people moaning about this game, I am enjoying the experiance so far. The story is not that hard to understand, the journal fills in the blanks. The 720p Is not as unforgiveable as others seem to think, it does leave a lot of black space but still immersive. I get no lag or framerate issues as others get so cant comment on that. I do agree that the massive download could be cut down by selecting which speach packs to choose, as it took it almost 3 days to download on my slow connection and the escape key thing has got me once or twice but nothing detracts from the fact that I can finally play this on the PC, been wanting to play the later FF games for many years so I am glad they have finally done this!"
,Recommended,292120,12469311,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,just play have fun shut up
,Recommended,292120,12507126,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DandZNeo,"I love this game one of my favorite final fantasies, but the original port is disgraceful. Locked at 720p and no graphic settings! Thankfully durante made an upscale tool for it and boy it looks amazing! So without durante's upgrade i'd say its a waste but if you get the upgrade i'd say its way worth 15 dollars!"
76561198054703608,Recommended,292120,12539312,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,kduyb7,"I don't complain about graphic, why everyone wants graphic so bad? It's just not that bad with 720p you know.However, yes, there are down side:- Linear. Suprisingly linear. You don't have to do anything but just go and do not worry about missing anything.- Combat is quite, simple. The concept is good, but most of the time, I just try to push ""Auto battle"" as fast as possible.Somehow when I look at this game, it's remind me about The last remmnant, but worse in any point.However, I still recommend this because I see the story is still fun so far, if you want to watch a quite good movie with interactive, this game can serve you."
76561198025178345,Recommended,292120,12545335,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,"<font face=""magneto"">Mr Bay",loving the game! wish they can compress the 30gb sizeeeeeeeee
76561197993889592,Recommended,292120,12811995,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Haseo,"Good game, just need proper pc settings but most can be fixed in nvida control pannel."
,Recommended,292120,12834534,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Call me Apollo,Not playing this till all the resolution problems are fixed!!!
,Recommended,292120,12467781,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,NANI ?,amazaingg
,Recommended,292120,12470672,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,KentarouGames,"Easily one of my favorite Final Fantasy games. Yes it is locked to 720p, but yes it still looks gorgeous. Running flawless framerates on my AMD A10 Quad core running at 4.3ghz, 12GB DDR3 RAM, Windows 8.1. I have a 3TB HDD so the install size didn't bother me one bit. (Seriously guys, 1TB+ hard drives are dirt cheap.)Put a good 100+ hours into the Xbox 360 game, flipped out when it was ported, and plan to put many more hours into the PC version as well, and also plan on buying the other two when they're released!"
76561197984340054,Recommended,292120,12470916,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tyrth,Honestly i see no problem with this game so who cares if rez is locked or no volume control just turn down your headset. i think this is a fine port and i recomend it to anyone who like FF13 for Xbox or PS3. people are mean and don't trust their opinions. You want an opinion on a game try it yourself
76561198050230612,Recommended,292120,12560959,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,InfernoChamber,Ecsape isn't the menu button..... 0/10
,Recommended,292120,12561759,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,NEROWENTAH,Game is awesome but the graphics lock at 720p is a major disappointment.
,Recommended,292120,12815200,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Paulmeister,"Compared with previous parts of the series FFXIII is... different.The whole gaming experience has experienced a lot of changes over the last decades, which especially effects long-lasting franchises like the FF series. In this case you still get an epic masterpiece, but in another garment an atmosphere.Which isn't entirely bad."
76561198112218639,Recommended,292120,12834561,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,drilok,"First off, I have this game for ps3 but I bought it on steam because I have been switching to pc. The only noticable differences are the resolution (on ps3 it is at 1080p) and the frame skipping. Neither of these things are that bad.If you dont mind playing at a relatively low resolution (it still looks amazing though) and NEVER hit the escape button, you should enjoy this port of FFXIII.Also I recomend playing with a controller, it just feels smoother that way."
,Recommended,292120,12458400,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tangsta,Playing this game at 4k res downsampled and it is astonishingly gorgeous! I dare anyone to find a better looking JRPG!Recommended for the Visuals + fun battle system.
76561198012438118,Recommended,292120,12470085,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jahicko,"Definitely worth buying. Unless you are one of narrow-minded people, who says something like this ""Esc quits the game, 720p lock, etc."" - thats just for 5 mins of the game, youll forget about it very soon). Despite of this minuses, this is a marvel. The Storytelling, visuals, action.Holy crap, all of the characters I remember from first 10 mins of the game.So dont watch for all that negative, if you love great story & storytelling, visuals, epic action & jrpg, dont pass by.Thank you for your attention."
,Recommended,292120,12444137,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LocknLoad,"It's only 15 bucks, and despite being a port, it's still a great game.Takes 10 seconds to mod it and make it run in 4K. Way too many crybaby reviews.I am glad to see FF games continue to release on PC.+ It's only 15 bucks+ It's FF13+ Runs great in 4K"
,Recommended,292120,12525761,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Poringmaster,"I have only played Final Fantasy X (buy the HD Remaster of X if you have a PS4, you're not going to regret it, trust me) and Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII so far which I both enjoyed and I can say that Final Fantasy XIII did not disappoint me, in the opposite:The Battle System is cool, the gameplay is ok (some complain about linearity, for me it's totally fine although later about 20h into the game you get a more open world like experience).The story is really nice, however some say it's confusing while I think there is nothing confusing about the story at all lol.Graphics considering this game is already 4 years old are stunning (cutscenes are superb) and have been adjusted to suit the PC.Soundtrack and music etc. are as in every Final Fantasy game amazing.For the price you get a lot of content, so what are you waiting for?GET THIS GAME!"
76561197989256808,Recommended,292120,12512353,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Regara,I was realy skeptical about buying this because everyone says how badly its ported but if you have an xbox 360 control the game runs perfectly <3 played for 3 hours so far and not a single crash beautiful graphics and an amazing story line so far
76561198155026042,Recommended,292120,12519953,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Akashi-Seijuro,"Nice game I ever play, but need to upgrade this game again for better action..."
76561198043174052,Recommended,292120,12564888,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Lucky Lewin,"Prior to getting this game, I've had very little experience with playing this title. I haven't finished yet, but this game looks promising. Visually, though the game is lacking some of the advanced graphical options that most PC games include, the game is stunning at points. Out of game cutscenes are gorgeous, the set peices are beautiful, and the world feels interesting. At first, the game ran at a consistant 60 fps, but a little later on I noticed some flucations during camera movements in the overworld. During battles, I didn't notice any problems with framerates oddly.The characters don't start out immediately likeable, and they do display some annoying traits, but I find their room for growth promising. That, and the overall story kept me interested, but I can understand how the plot won't hook in most people. Like a lot of JRPG's, the plot can seem a bit campy, but the voice acting isn't all bad, with a few exceptions like Vanielle. The pacing is alright, you never feel like too much information is being rushed to you all at once, but never feeling like there isn't enough progession.Similiar to how everyone else feels, the weakest point of this game is the combat. You only end up controlling one character at a time, while everyone else auto fights. Your AI partners do their jobs alright, but your actual input for combat usually means switching paragirms (switching yours and your party's classes mid battle) and mashing auto battle.Another big complaint that a lot of people have with this game is how linear it is. My big issue with this would be it wastes a lot of the resources put in to the visuals. Exploration doesn't usually lead to great rewards in my experience so far. Most important items, like new weapons and rare collectables, are usually found on the route to the destination or dropped by bosses. If you don't feel the need that you must revisit any area whenever you want, then the linear design shouldn't be all that bad.TL;DR, a pretty linear, but very pretty JRPG with a bleh combat system. Also, it's 15$. Would recommend."
,Recommended,292120,12795491,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Smirgol Şaşlık,"TECHNICAL:I bought this on Oct' 2014 and at this time point there is no graphics option in the game settings. Natively 720p and no anti aliasing.Also the game has barely steady framerates. It starts lagging even with my FX8350 and R9 280X (I upscaled this game and put on 8x SSAA otherwise Lighnings beautiful hair has pixels and it doesn't make much difference whether I have SSAA on or off. I also heard this game is really bad optimized for not taking full usage of multicore CPUs. RIP my octacore Q___Q).GAMEPLAY:Overall the gameplay is not the best but okThe fighingsystem and skillsystem is sure a bit quite different but not that bad I think. I really don't understand why people complain about it :/What I really don't like are two facts:-No turning back thus no openworld which is really sad since I liked the style/graphics and liked to enjoy the view.-The team is splittet most of the time.I really had problems playing this with keyboard/mouse so I used my gamepad and it was much more comfortable but that's not a big deal. My sister plays this game without gampad and has no issues with it :PGRAPHICS:The graphics are really amazing (If you consider this game was released back on Dec' 2009 in Japan)...But you have to use mods or your graphics driver to see this game with all it's beauty :)SOUND:Great soundtracks from Masashi Hamauzu. I think he can really keep up with Final Fantasy's old composer Nobuo Uematsu. :)If I consider the story isn't that deep and the game isn't that hard...Because if I don't have this pressure and deepness like in the older Final Fantasys the soundtracks don't link to my memoies and emotions good enough thus theay unleash the nostalgia.Keep your great work up Masashi Hamauzuさん :)STORY:I don't speak English neither Japanese natively thus I didn't understand much of the story. The German subtitles weren't helping much. Everything was explained so fast and I couldn't keep up with it and words like L'Cie, Fal'Cie, Grand Pulse, C'ieth etc sound too similar (I really understood quite at the end what those words mean...) what makes it much harder to grasp. Don't know if it's about me or about the author of the story.It's not what I am used to of a Final Fantasy title.A Final Fantasy storyline should be comprehensible but still sophisticated and make you have creeps like when Cloud told about ""his"" past in Niebelheim or when you were about to assassinate Edea (Some people will know what I mean) :)Overall it's quite ok. I personally don't regret buying this game for 13€.I just bought it because I didn't have anything else to play at these times.Some might say 'It's a bad Final Fantasy but a good game for itself'. I totally agree with that.I would really recommend you this game for that price. It's worth it :)Best regardsエクシント | ExSynth"
76561198151749301,Recommended,292120,12809323,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MistahT0dd,"Finished the story, my personal favorite ff game."
76561197996216635,Recommended,292120,12884297,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Furr.ph,I very much recommend this game to those who loves to play Final Fantasy series :)
,Recommended,292120,12443420,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Nano Aggression,"FF series is always a good series. However, the game is in 720p and if you are a person like me who likes to hit esape buttom in the game menu, be ware"
,Recommended,292120,12445643,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,『Savage』 ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ,"AS A PORT: This has lots of problems, my PC easily meets the specs asked for yet i still struggle to reach a solid 60 FPSAS A GAME: The game is great despite what most people will tell you. The story is quite interesting (if not extreamly similar to Eternal Sonata) and the gameplay is the fastest in the mainline final fantasy games (maybe not XII)"
,Recommended,292120,12471521,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,幸男 (Yukio),"The game itself is good...I don't mind with 720p graphic or no video options,also I like the gameplay.But still this is a bad port.In game I only get 20-30 FPS (60 FPS in FMV and 30 FPS in cutscene) , but mostly 23 FPS.my CPU usage is under 55% and my GPU usage is under 50%.the game is badly optimized for PC, playable but not enjoyable.Tested on AMD A8-4500m + 8750m, 8GB RAM, Windows 8.1 .also Tested on AMD Phenom II X4 925 + 7770 ,6GB RAM, Windows 8.1 .After patch on December, the optimization still bad... changing shadow resolution and AA doesn't affect the FPS, the FPS still pretty low both on my Laptop and my PC.Grab it if you like jRPG,but don't grab it if you already played it in console."
76561198050074755,Recommended,292120,12473364,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Vilhena,"If you want an appropriate review of this game check its PS3 review.The game plays great on PC, and is way cheaper.Try to ignore all the graphical settings comments, If Square was to make a remake to improve the original graphical quality of a FF game I bet FF7 was the right one to go.Plus you can launch and go play, like good old days, no need to tweak around settings to make the game run properly on your machine.So remember this is a port, and 720p is HD !!! The game looks good and plays fine, just beware hitting ""ESC""."
,Recommended,292120,12868241,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sabinlerose,"Despite the anger directed at it, it's not a bad game.However it is the laziest port of any game I can think of in modern times.A controller is essential to play the game. Without a controller plugged in the game constantly stutters using Mouse and Keyboard controls. This is a result of the game constantly looking for a plugged in controller.The graphics are unfortunately locked in to what some people will call ""Unacceptable"" standards. That does not change the fact the game is beautiful.There is a graphical mod which I would recommend using only if you're playing on a larger television instead of a 22"" monitor.Of course you're going to need a decently powerful rig to use this mod.Many have complained about performance issues, but between three different machines I had no difficulty running the game for the last fifty hours, so your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,292120,12883042,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Pruu,"I love Final Fantasy XIII, don't hate the game just because some people hate...."
,Recommended,292120,12884258,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Clausner,"Really liked this game although I'm still on Chapter 7. Superb 3D and magnificent gameplay, almost like FFX-2. Really like Paradigm mode. Good job Square Enix!"
,Recommended,292120,12466900,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Wunthyll,"This port really isn't as bad as people say it is. It's not that great of a port, but it suffices. It's actually playable unlike a certain other port here on steam (Dark Souls). Also FFXIII has a good story and a great combat system so people should play it."
,Recommended,292120,12520860,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,s2d4theworld,I love corridors.
,Recommended,292120,12533742,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Leo,"Hi can anyone help to resolve my currently issue? everytime when i log in to Final Fantasy 13 batte system confirm lag. Menu also lag.and my comp graphic card 256mb ati radeon its the comp and since all those cutscene never got an issue but when come to battle or going to menu paradigm to set up deck or item or even anything else confirm lag like hell. Kindly advise how to solve this issue, thanks"
,Recommended,292120,12880435,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Knight,A game with good gameplay and excellent story.
,Recommended,292120,12513048,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,大声ダイヤモンド,don't miss it!
,Recommended,292120,12520325,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SpONGE Bob,I could save my money for buying PS3 and getting this game from steam that i been waiting for a long time.This was an epic game ever in this world !!
76561198098042809,Recommended,292120,12869015,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Romanchik777,"I think its  one of the best modern jrpgs.Awesome graphics, action gameplay, good story unlike ff12 , nice ost and you've got it only for 16$"
76561198046653628,Recommended,292120,12472456,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Revan13,I definately recommend this game.
76561198158783998,Recommended,292120,12887606,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ashleywyatt2086,I am really tired of the game lag from steam. I love this game but would really enjoy playing it a whole lot better if the game wasnt so jumpy! Makes the paradigm shifts and battles really difficult to manuver.
,Recommended,292120,12839895,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,﴾T﴿aint﴾S﴿masher™,"FINALLY FF13!I'm glad to finally see this game come to PC. As happy as I am, there are a few problems but can be easily fixed.To be clear I am playing this on an xbox360 pc controller, not keyboard / mouse, so if there are more problems with inputs in them I'm not aware. Controller support works perfect, plug and play with no problem.As expected you get beautiful visuals with amazing game play. Any FF fan that's into PC gaming will love this game...The main problems right now most people complain about (and I was initially♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about) are the 720p resolution and...there are NO graphics setting in game!But my brothers we are the glorious PC race and we have answers to fix everything :)A program called GeDoSaTo can solve all your resolution issues. I had never heard of it before this game and it's actually an amazing free program that up-scales a lot of different pc games. Meaning if you get this program you can play FF13 up to 4k resolution (Or as high as your monitor supports). Simply run the program and go, no set up needed.The next problem is the lack of graphics settings... simply put WTF!If you have an Nvidia card though, no problem. I'm sure other cards have a similar software to control these setting, you just need to look up how as I am not familiar.For Nvidia just open the Nvidia control panel and go to ""3d settings > Manage 3d settings""From here you can turn on vsync and control many other settings.The same can be done with the GeDoSaTo program but requires editing text and this is an easier approach for most people.Hope this has helped someone fix their issues. Enjoy brothers!"
76561198047015334,Recommended,292120,12535219,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,giondone,"Try this game by yourselfis good in my opinion... i always wanted to play ff in pc but they were only in console, but when they came out i was so hyped, and yeah this game is awesome just... give it a try"
,Recommended,292120,12808762,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Spikus Maximus,"No game spoilers:As an RPG, I enjoyed the story as you progress, for me thats one of the drives to progress a game and this didnt disapoint fitting the classic games I knew from time and back.The graphics were suprisingly good (better than some of this years releases) considering the release date of the original game, though would have really liked 1080 graphics support and not need a bolt on solution that can be buggy (I was getting random spikes and slumps in frame rates and the GPU was not even passing 50%).Some mark the story as rather linear and there not being any free roam involved but to be honest the story makes up for that and kind of demands it (without giving any spoilers), so free roam I can be happy to sacrifice.The controls, sadly non existent, its a straight port from console and there could be a lot more done to correct this (aka like graphics options, proper keyboard configuration, even audio tweeks as on the odd ocasion I found the music over powered speaches).Getting back to the story, when they port the others in the Saga of this story line in 2015, so its obviously made a good impression on me."
,Recommended,292120,13272664,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Marcelo Sampaio,"Great game.Its different than the older FFs, but its still a decent RPG, with a very good gameplay and some challenging boss battles.  Also, the soundtrack is amazing, and Square did a very good job with the voices (both the Japanese and the English cast are great... except for Vanille's english one).The game is very linear though. I don't mind it, really, but don't expect some kind of freedom to explore the world. Only chapter 11 feels more open, but doesn't really offer you real rewards for exploring the world.The story is... meh. I kinda liked it, but not as much as I hoped to. See, the main issue is that the game fails to tell what is really happening, and instead requires you to read the encyclopedia inside the game. Its not bad, but seems... lazy.All in all, its a great game, just very different that older FFs. The battle system is interesting, since it eliminates the need to choose commands again and again, instead requiring you to control the characters in a more strategic level.Just go for it with an open mind. Don't go for it expecting a classic JRPG. This isn't one. Instead, expect a good adventure with light RPG elements. Expect a nice cast of characters that have flaws, but act in less cliché ways compared to most JRPGs. Expect a great soundtrack... and expect to be overwhelmed with some of the best CG scenes I've seen in a game."
76561198101418721,Recommended,292120,13201743,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TonBerryXC,10/10 would l'Cie again
,Not Recommended,292120,34407675,Posted: 21 August,all,octolad,"An absolute disgrace to the final fantasy series. This game does not deserve to be in the same series as the many amazing Final Fantasy games like iv, vi, vii, an x. I went into this game with a positive outlook, thinking that the complaints were probably blown out of proportion, but they weren't. The combat seems fun at first, but is actually a mix of boring and frustrating. Why even bother investing in skills to resurect my fallen characters if the character you control cannot be resurected? This game goes against everything great about final fantasy. But who even cares if the characters survive as they are lifeless pieces of cardboard with dialogue that makes me cringe in every scene."
,Recommended,292120,12508879,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shako,Do this for ffx and my life will be complete.  Hope somebody comes out with a hair texture mod for lightning cuz her hair looks like crap.
76561198272836074,Recommended,292120,28525512,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,yigion,story is noisy
,Recommended,292120,14910314,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,292120,17612216,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dorraz,Story 10/10
76561198240083440,Recommended,292120,23956043,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pota_chun,nice!
,Recommended,292120,12429971,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Bassman,"Okay, first I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because of no 1080p support.But after playing for hours and a few fix for black bars and other stuff, surprisingly it looks very good even in 720p and the steady 60 fps makes it even better.The port isn't that good, but not that bad too.Compared to Dark Souls this is  much better. Dark Souls has many issues in terms of performance.,but this game doesn't.Then again, THIS IS NOT A REMASTER or HD EDITION.It's the same old game from 2009 (but with 60 fps support at least). And for me the price is quite fair.I recommend this. And I hope they will fix the port for the two next games."
76561198271257970,Not Recommended,292120,23214417,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LovesBigLoads,Is there a way to fix the Xbox controller support? I dont want to play it with the keyboard...I lose the ability to control the game at all as soon as I turn my controller on.
,Recommended,292120,29906657,Posted: 13 February,all,Winhart,Worth for play. Love this
76561198027944360,Recommended,292120,13526711,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dracon,"Great story, very nice graphic for a few years old game, very good performance(game did not drop bellow 60 fps on intel i5 3570, geforce 650 ti boost, ssd), only disadventage is size of game(50gb). I did enjoy every second and can recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,292120,12427718,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dire Miralis,It has Lightning.
,Not Recommended,292120,12448414,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Anal Mayonaise,"Dear Final Fantasy Fanatics,Stop down-voting this review in defense of the franchise. I love the franchise as much as you do, but this game sucks and you know it. You wouldn't down vote this review if Squeenix named it outside of the FF franchise like they did with Last Remnant. Grow a pair and remove the downvote, will you?====================================================""Novelty at the expense of enjoyability""BOTTOM LINE: Enjoy the story for what its worth by playing this game on Easy; otherwise, the entire gameplay experience is boring, time consuming, and grossly linear. Prioritize other games over this one, and only buy this title when it's on special.TERRIBLE CAST OF CHARACTERS, not the least of which is the unwelcome return of FFX's Tidus under the name 'Hope'. The only character whom I remotely have a sense of respect and admiration for would be Sazh; the rest are emotionally underdeveloped or flat out immature, atrociously generically archetypical, and have hard-to-take seriously character backgrounds. Take Lightning, the main protagonist and heroine of this game: prior to becoming Keanu Reeves' ""Neo"" from The Matrix, her position and experience was roughly equivalent to being part of the neighborhood watch or school safety patrol. Technically she attained the rank of 'Sargeant"", but even within the world of FFXIII that still suggests fat cops and donuts over being super human.BORING STORYLINE; they really stretched out a relatively straight-forward story... they should have made this into a movie instead of a game like they did with the movie ""Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within"" (2001)MONOTONOUS LOCATIONS; LOW VARIETY/HEAVILY RECYCLED MONSTERS: The vast majority of the time you're walking in a straight line, and the scenery and monsters never fail to be more of the same. This game has the least variety of monsters of any RPG in existence, including the first generation 8-bit games.TERRIBLE BATTLE SYSTEM; Usually different isn't better or worse, but in this case it very much is worse from prior titles. You have substantially less control with nothing to make up for it. It's Active Time Battle system is hard to keep up with and is much slower than ATBs in previous revisions, or the synchronized system used by FFX. It is irritating as hell how unrealistic the character and enemy behavior is while idle. It is also irritating how unrealistically disproportionate enemy stats are in relation to their appearance (especially the larger machines). Some battles take forever to complete (5-15 minutes) minutes), and you're barely rewarded for the effor.  Oh, and let's be honest: you can win every battle by button-smashing auto-battle, including boss battles. In other RPGs, I'm making decisions, but in this game, I find I can just press confirm repeatedly and win every battle. I've literally stopped looking at the screen during battles; I now find myself reading a book while button smashing my way through any battle, including bosses, even on Normal (as opposed to Easy) difficulty.USELESS EQUIPMENT, TERRIBLE UPGRADE SYSTEM: Equipment contributes so little in this game. You could probably stick with the initial equipment, never upgraded, and not miss out on much versus the supposedly best equipment out there. The upgrade system is terrible, in which there is no indication of what components can best be used in what combinations for upgrading; you'd have to either take notes or look up a guide online ('cheating'). By contrast, other games such as Elder Scrolls (Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim) record how components (ingredients) interact with other components so you can make better decisions in the future. It's basically a worse version of what Last Remnant had. As for the level up system... it is a primitive version of FFX's sphere grid: less versatile, and harder to use because you don't have all-or-nothing unlocks of nodes; it's always a guessing game if you have enough CP to advance a node.MISPLACED SOUNDTRACK; would you play polka at a funeral? What about reggae at a Biker's Bar? The soundtrack to this game is great on a standalone basis, but completely misplaced. I don't want to hear JPop in the forest (or at all), and I don't want to hear Jazz in the wastelands! Honestly, the music is better suited to a dancing game; whenever I enter a battle, I feel like I'm about to showcase myself in a dance-off rather than engaging in combat with a foe."
,Not Recommended,292120,12472385,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Just fucked my PC,There's nothing to say that hasn't been said; no way to slam Square that they haven't been slammed already. Don't bother. It looks better on the PotatoBox.
,Recommended,292120,12431097,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lucasif The Odd,"Look m8, I don't mind resolution but graphics options are really needed. I need to not quit when I hit esc and how the hell do I pause this in game? I'll leave this recommended so that maybe they fix this game and work on the new games with this in mind."
,Recommended,292120,12425357,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stanimus,"First and foremost, I am a huge Final Fantasy fan and this is my first review of a Final Fantasy game! To this day Final Fantasy remains my favorite game franchise.With that said, Final Fantasy XIII is in my opinion, one of the weakest installments in the series. The visuals are stunning, the music is utterly fantastic, the voice acting is pretty decent, but the characters kind of suck. The story, when combined with the characters really blows. However, I think the story could be much more appealing by simply having better quality characters to go with. And then there are my issues with overly linear gameplay and arguably highly simplified combat system.Moving throughout the game feels like sitting in a cart in a theme park following a track. The freedom to venture off, sight see and explore is missing for most of the game. When you finally do get to explore, it’s just in one massive field. In previous FF games you can pilot an airship around the entire planet. But not in FFXIII. And personally, that is my biggest disappointment in the series since FFX was released.The combat system is a cool idea, but I think it would be better suited for a mobile spin off version of the game. FFXIII deserves so much more when it comes to combat. No longer can you give your characters commands and masterfully build a strategy around their every move. Much like in XII, your characters are automated and basically play the game for you. I understand this is a solution to being able to make the fights have more movement in a shorter amount of time, but to me, having the game play for me just is not as fun. I do enjoy it a bit, but when compared to the older combat systems in previous titles, it does not hold up.As far as the port to PC, it’s great that they did it, but they obviously do not understand their PC audience very well. They should have known how upset we would all be upon finding out the game is locked at 720p. There are seriously zero PC settings beyond “Windowed or Fullscreen?”. Thankfully, on day 1 a kind gentleman created a mod that unlocks the resolution and allows you to customize.http://www.gamerebel.net/unlock-final-fantasy-xiii-pc-resolution/Despite my complaints, I hear good things about the sequels and plan on playing them as (if) they release on Steam. I am glad I played XIII, and even though it does not feel like a Final Fantasy game anymore, it has it’s moments that trigger feelings of nostalgia from previous titles. If you are already a fan of FF, jump into this expecting something completely different. If you are not, jump into this and enjoy, but do not judge the entire series through this game alone. The older ones are better."
76561198088978673,Recommended,292120,12487498,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Radioon,13 Euros50 GigabitesLong playtimeBest investition you can make
,Not Recommended,292120,13582362,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Phill,No
76561198128382167,Not Recommended,292120,12451841,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,zpyderman,"After playing until chapter 3, now I'm stuck with after the fight.I don't know why. can't continue the game."
76561198049564434,Recommended,292120,12429492,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Purplefairy22,"FF13 is a great little game. for £10I had this on my PS3 but unfortunately that broke and i was left FF13less, but now i can play it again. Awesome.Good pointsminimum of 50 hrs gameplay, over 120hrs for the completionists out there.Looks fantastic even at 720pAmazing Audio tracksGood Voice Actingconsistent difficultyno Androgenous charactersinteresting story lineBad pointsStutters after cutscenes for a few secondsDoesn't recognise my Gt630m, uses my 4000Hd insteadcomes with 20 Gb ofadditionalnot optionaljapanese audio; i dont want.No penalty for dying during combat, just restart right where you left off."
,Recommended,292120,12429639,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Axsen_,"People may say otherwise, but I think this is a great game. Too many people compare it to VII and X, when you should just look at it as its own game. The story can get a little confused, but it has a good message and it has a lotta heart. The music is fantastic and the voice work is done very well. If you're an RPG fan willing to keep an open mind, give it a try. I'm sure you'll find something you enjoy about it."
,Recommended,292120,12427539,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Rubedo,"It's riduculous that the game has a (currently) 41% positive review score. Especially seeing as that is because the PC Elitists are just crying about the game being in 720p. It still looks gorgeous, has a terrific story line with wonderful characters, genuine character development, and bolsters an incredibly wonderful battle system that is both simple in its design, but requires strategy and skill to master later on in the tougher fights.Ignore the people blindly hating. FFXIII is one of, if not THE, best games in the series (that being said my personal FAVORITE is 9). If you are a true FF fan and are not pretentiously concerned with meaningless specifics like resolution (you can adjust the graphics with your graphics card console setting anyway), rather you prefer an unforgettable story and gameplay and characters; buy FFXIII."
,Recommended,292120,12433406,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Big Boom Boom,Lightning waifu of the year.
76561198046680048,Recommended,292120,12432212,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Endertreyu,"The game works, no real issues and perfectly playable. Its a bad port in that its missing your ""basic"" pc options. Game is worth the $15.FF13 has a very slow start, but it has a decent battle system and storyline. 8/10"
,Recommended,292120,12508458,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Winter's Dream,"Banyak Bugnya gan buat PC, sampe gak tega ane mainnya TAT #tp di review good aja, bikin game susah soalnya :v"
76561197985100681,Recommended,292120,12432866,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,{Regnarok},"There are some issues, and yes it is a poor exucse for a PC port. But I have seen much worse. Not to mention that the game works. You will be getting a great experience, and if you love RPG's, give this one a try. If the lack of options is an issue, there are already day 1 fixes in order to help remedy the situation. For me, 720p@60fps is perfectly fine for a game designed to be run at that"
,Recommended,292120,12426464,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Doctor Weeboo-Waboo,"So, I said I'd edit my review after Square patched the game, and while late, here it is:This game is honestly good, and it frusterates me.This game has this reputation on the itnernet of being this horrible, mindless romp down a narrow hallway. All that speaks to me is ignorance on the part of the speaker. Linear year, and the opening hours of the game play as described aboveHowever, there's the kicker, it doesn't stay that way. It's combat is genuinely refreshing to experience, once the game let's you play it. It's more macro management in a fast paced and in cases demanding combat system. Boss fights can be intense and thrilling and the summons are, for once, not game winning buttons, but instead just another tool in your toolbox, which is very refreshing indeed. This honestly may be one of my favorite turn based systems purely for how well it all works together once it fills out mechanically a few hours in. It's such a breath of fresh air to such an old genre, while still remaining within it's roots.The linearity is still a ""problem"" for much of the game, but I put it in quotes as I think people use that word without thinking on the use first. This game is as linear as 10 or 9 were, both of which are games I've beaten, 10 several times. In fact in many, many cases (after those awkward first hours of a LITERAL hallway) this game is LESS linear than those others. The airship especially impressed me as a ""linear"" portion that had a lot of paths to move thru and optional portions.The problem is this game never ""stops"" in 9 and 10 you had cities that would break up the narrative, give you a big area to meander around in, and essentially kick back. I think this is where people accept 9 and 10 for being linear but not 13. Because of the narrative 13 can't be linear like it's brethren. And there's not really any moments of ""rest"".With all this in mind if I had to give a number I'd put this at a 7 or possibly 8 ot of 10. The opening hours are poorly designed and handled, and they needed to make combat more interesting in those opening hours to hook people.But a game is not it's introduction. I am rateing this game as a WHOLE. And with everything, it is absolutely above average within the turn based jrpg genre. There's a lot of ideas that are interesting and enjoyable here. And while it's type of story is not for everyone, I personally love the story and it's characters.If you're fine with a slow few hours to start this is genuinely a unique little gem of a game, and I can highly recommend giving it a shot.I simply have one request. Make your own opinions of the game by playing it. Don't let others think and decide for you.While flawed this doesn't deserve to be called ""bad"". That is saved for things like Garry's Incident and War Z."
76561198048620901,Recommended,292120,12432134,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,PatrickVDK,"Pros:-Engaging game play-Battle system is easy to get use to-Graphics look amazing at default setting-Game loads in seconds, smooth as butter-Great voice acting...for script that is awkward sometimesCons:-For game stutter issue, install vjoy, set everything at 50 in vjoyfeeder.exe, the game will run smoothly after-Locked Resolution, lack of graphic settingsPeople are making a big fuss over locked fps, resolution or whatever. From my point of view the game looks awesome, I don't care how they look on XBOX, PS.... after installing vjoy to get rid of the emberressing programming error on SE's part, and the game drew me in instantly. Its a game I see myself coming back to regular because I enjoyed the story so far and the battle system is pretty fun. I am exciting to keep going and see my character doing better and better in battles....Don't turn away just because some people are complaining about the 740p issue, I am sure there will be updates soon to address demand for HD, but I personally don't think it will change the game dramatically. I am already seeing all the details on the character and in the environment. Unless you are talkiing about motion blur, AA settings. Higher resolution is a little bonus.In other words, for the price, this game is a lot of bang for the buck."
,Recommended,292120,12433217,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Keynash,"After spending 3 years bring this to the pc, It's pretty darn good. Very light to run too;  It takes about 20-40% of my radeon hd 7950 (oc) 's power to max the fps at 60. I haven't tried to turn off vsync but it runs really nice. An extremely ceal adaptation to pc! I have yet to find any bugs or graphics errors. For 15 bucks it is a great pick up."
,Recommended,292120,12442733,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,d34thy,"TL;DR VersionGive this a go if you don't mind the fps drops, I'm having a pretty good time so far. fps drops won't hinder gameplay too much if you have a similar or better setup compared to mine. Play The Last Remnant if you want a good Square Enix game.__________________________________________This game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥.  Even so, it doesn't even look that great.  This game released to consoles like what, 4 years ago? Correct me if I'm wrong but that's a pretty damn long time they had to perfect the PC port, in which they didn't. Just hope to god they release a patch to fix all this crap.Pros-Fun gameplay-Awesome soundtrackCons-Vanille-Locked at 720p-NO GRAPHICS OR SOUND OPTIONS WTF-FPS will take a huge chug (and I have a AMD 6 core at 4.8GHz with an R9 280X oc'ed as well)I can overlook all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because thankfully, Durante, creator of GeDoSaTo (which is a must for Dark Souls II), created a plugin to raise the resolution from 720p to higher.  I'm still having HUGE FPS drops but there's literally no difference when I downscale 4k to 1920x1080 as opposed to 720p resolution.  I wish they had a neutral rating, but for now, I'll slap it in as positive.Test with GeDoSaTo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHUCtjO_X8QNote for Square Enix: Why is it that a modder did your job better? Extremely disappointing, especially for such a large and respected company."
76561197970652308,Recommended,292120,12431496,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,hURT,It's like playing a retro game! Or watching a 480p video on Youtube! Not worth the 16 bucks though.
,Recommended,292120,12434099,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Xanders.OCFX,"What is wrong with you people! Running crappy GPUs?, or just insanely picky?? Granted its their fault for stating that ancient hardware is supported as minmum specifications. Still I'm currently using my laptop with an Nvidia 765M which isn't anything amazing. To that effect this port looks great for what it is, looks better than the console version I had for the 360 and despite partial controller support I havn't noticed any issues using mine. Didn't need to map any keys just knew what to do. FPS is good, cinimatics are good. No glitches like some report. Though, every now n then the texture in some ones hair will not be quite smoothed out. Other than that looks fine. Some were complaining that the game is locked in 720P but once you play you can't notice, it looks great. Graphic options would be nice to further the experience. Though, I simply went into my Nvidia settings and overrided application when it came to the fine tweaks. You can do this with AMD too! Not sure why some were saying they couldn't. It did Look fine before, but even better now super sampled. So don't listen to the bad reviews looking for absolute perfection. Not sure what they were expecting from a straight up console port. And it's not like we spent 40 bucks on it. Maaaaybe then I could see the rage. But for the most part these bad reviews just complain about 720P, and the majority that complain have never written a review before as if this was some massive troll. Dark Souls, now THAT was a horrible horrible port, go complain about that."
,Recommended,292120,12431104,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Rae,"Not a great port.Runs in 720p only (Modification is being worked on, good progress so far it seems), 30fps video and some effects seem to be at 30fps as well (resulting in a drop to 30). Aside that it seems to run well enough though, and looks good despite having literally no display options at all.On the plus side, Dual Audio and having it on PC at all is good.Recomended if you haven't played it before, or wish to hear it in Japanese, otherwise it might not be worth it for you unless you wait for a cheap sale / SE to patch it up to standards / third party modders to do so.For the game itself, I think its worth playing, it's enjoyable in music, later-game combat (When it gets more complicated and harder) and the story is decent enough if you can follow it."
76561198058320757,Recommended,292120,12443033,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,mblack1993,"I'm as lax about things that have people so worked up over nothing. I don't care about a 720p lock, the game still looks beautiful and I have no reason to mod it. The controls work, and they're NOTHING it takes a rocket scientist to figure out. The battles are smooth and the cut scenes look fine. They didn't HAVE to port this over, and I'm so, so glad they did. It was one of my favorite FF games, and if you liked it on console, it's every BIT as playable on pc. If you're that picky about everything, then skip getting this game for such a cheap price."
,Not Recommended,292120,35230582,Posted: 26 September,all,grayestgray,"great graphics, but this storyline is terrible.  FF X was so much better.==================update: Sept. 30 / 2017==================I regret purchasing this game entirely. I was hoping things would get better so I played it to the end, but no it doesn't get better. I hated it every step of the way.Also, you may want to get a Trainer program to help out later on in the game, unless you want spend a ridiculously long time grinding instead of advancing in the campaign or side missions."
76561198118576714,Not Recommended,292120,21825039,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,WeebWizard,UPLAYABLE NOW EVEN IN 2016!For those saying you should of looked at the requirments or your pc sucksThen explain why i have 16gb of ram a i7 6700k and a gtx 980 and why i can run witcher 3 ultra maxed at 58fps?Not his game crashes and has a average of 15fps yes i did use the nvidai control pannel this game must be avoided!
,Recommended,292120,19661614,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"I find it quite sad that I never bothered playing the pc port (until now over a year after its initial pc release) because of how much the game takes space and in my case, time to install.Other than that it's personally my favourite game of the whole Final Fantasy series. Many may disagree with me, in fact.. Most would, but you should know that Final Fantasy XIII was indeed my first FF game to experience ever. So I really had no idea how much the game was changed compared to previous games.Graphic-wise the game is absolutely gorgeous, it came out in 2010 originally and cutscenes look beautiful, obviously the gameplay graphics aren't as stunning but enviroments and characters all still look pretty nice.Soundtrack for this game is veryrelaxingandbeautiful.Zero complaints there, songs fit in very well with what is going on in the game.Now characters, this'll be an interesting topic to talk about.. To be honest, I hate most of the main characters, they're generic and overall very blunt and uninteresting. Well most of them at least.Here's a list of the major characters I did not like:-Lightning-Lightning's your typical girl who acts like she doesn't really give a sh*t and has the ""tough guy"" attitude, she has no personality worth mentioning what-so-ever. She is highly uninteresting, as a character. She rarely shows any emotion to any of the other characters.-Snow-Snow's a lame and generic ""hero-like"" character from every Shōnen anime ever. He fights to save his waifu and companions he barely even knows, believing in the power of friendship! Ugh.-Vanille-She's utterly useless and extremely annoying. She only tries to keep up the spirits of her companions from time to time but just listening to her voice makes me want to rip off both of my ears and feed them to my dog which I dont have.-Hope-Hope isn't actually that bad, I mean he starts off as a whiny c*nt but he develops as a character, as a personality. Which is something none of the characters mentioned before know nothing about. Also his whiny and cowardly attitude was pretty justified, he was only a kid as he saw his own mother die in a battle. So it all makes sense.RANT ABOUT CHARACTERS I DIDN'T LIKE, ENDS HERE.Anyways, this is not to say that every major character was designed like a piece of garbage, there are good ones like Sazh. Black guy in his 40s looking for his son who was taken from him, backed up with a funny personality and interesting background. Other characters I found likeable were mostly small side characters.I'm not going to go too in depth with the Storyline of the game but I will say this, when you play this for the first time, you wont understand half of what the characters are talking about. Which is quite typical for Final Fantasy games, the characters often speak words/terms you dont have any understanding of, leaving you confused on what is going on.The game also kind of makes you believe it's sort of open worldish but it really isn't, it's very linear and there barely is any sidequests. If none, I cant recall.Gameplay is very tactical.Can get repititive spamming attacks.No satisfaction from getting kills unlessit's a tough boss fight you finally managed to beat after hundreds of retries.Boss fights are great.Finally, I'll speak of something that actually concerns the pc port itself. I personally didn't have any other issues except some framerate drops.I'm going to recommend this game as it is one of my favourite games of all times, but bare this in mind... If you're a fan of older Final Fantasy games, you might not like this one as they changed the Battle System quite drastically. Also if cheesy dialogue and generic characters are a bother to you, you might want to skip this one."
,Recommended,292120,12438333,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bluemoon,"TL,DR:   This is a great game!Yes it is. The negative reviews are from people who played the PS3/XBOX version of the game and now expected an upgraded, 4k @ 120 Hz PC-Gamer-Masterrace edition. Which this - admittedly - is not. It's a port (and not the best one), and you can feel it throughout. Most people rated the portation and not the game itself. Fair enough.If you are a pc-masterrace-gamer and willing to miss out on a really good game, just because it doesnt run at fullHD, then this game is not for you.If you played this game on PS3 or XBox before, then this also is probably not for you, because the PC port brings nothing new (yet.... modders working on it right now).If you havent played this game before though, then you should most definitely buy it! (Especially for such a low price) It is a great game itself (and still a good game when compared to other final fantasy titles), so don't  miss out on that one because of bad reviews.BattleSystem, Variety of Characters and Music are top notch (as expected from all final fantasy titles). The story is compelling and told from different perspectives at once, that get tied together later (""Lost""-Style) and will keep you excited throughout. The game is linear for the most parts, but that is not a bad thing, because it works in the favour of fast progression of the story telling. Graphics (and cutscenes) are VERY good for a game of that age. English dub is very well done AND you get the original japanese dub version for free as a bonus (which is very rare these days). Subtitles can be tuned via steam and are probably in your mother tongue.There are some problems with this port, this is true, mainly 2 things: Game stutters if you don't have a controller (because it searches for a controller every few seconds and drops the frame rate while doing though), but this can be fixed by plugging in and out (any - even my flightstick/rudder pedals worked) usb controller after starting the game (you don't have to play on it, you can still use mouse/keyboard).Second, ironically, the better your graphics-card the lower your framerate, because if your card is not challenged, it will run in power saving mode. This can be fixed in the driver though, by overwriting AA settings.So: this is a very great game (with an ""OK""ish port) and if you are ok with not playing it in ultraHD, tuning a few things before you start, then you should definitely get it. There's no other reason not to."
,Not Recommended,292120,20029710,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bravery,Does not support 21:9 aspect ratio resolutions. Black bars.
76561198013887066,Recommended,292120,12448580,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,schachlik,"Its a great game, dont know why so many people have technical problems, my game havnt any of these Problems.No lag, no stuttering. The Resolution 1280:720 is ok, but it could be better. I suggest a Controller to play this game, but with a Keyboad it is ok too, just the camera is a little bit crapy when u use your Keyboard and your Mouse.For 13 € it is worth to buy this game."
,Recommended,292120,12476755,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,lucidique,"Runs great, plays ok.If you are a long time fan of the series, of course this is a no brainer. However if this is your fist time in, or if you are usually shy of japanese rpgs, take these facts into consideration :Very linear path trough the entire game. The combat mechanics are very streamlined. You only control the chapter's main character. You can still manually cast spells and abilities, but the way the fights are presented, you are usually better off using the auto attack mode.The game really does look gorgeous but the story is really deadpan and takes ages to unravel. And whats up with those empty environments? Not a prop of any kind to make them feel a little bit more whole...Overall not a bad game. If you got an itch for an rpg, this could be it. Its cheap, looks and sounds good. A bit linear and the gameplay is a bit bland, but still somehow good."
76561197973432017,Recommended,292120,12439918,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,wOrSt SiLvEr EvA,"It's ok for 15. Esc will dump you out of the game with no warning but other than that its great. Oh and you are going to need a mod to upscale higher than 720p. Squaresoft, we need more resolution :P"
,Recommended,292120,12448625,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AyyHD,"It honestly looks better on PS3i own it on PS3 and it was so much bettergameplay is better on PC i guess since you can play it at 60 FPS however its locked at 720P (1280x720) and you need a mod to get it working. If your system cant run this game, there are no graphic options at all to turn down. Using a mod that downscaled the game from 4k (3840x2160) to 1080p (1920x1080) which is the native resolution of my screen even with the downscaling however (similar to dynamic super resolution). The hair quality was bad and also the eyebrows and eyelashes which does have a significant impact on how you play the game. At cut scenes i got screentearing which i can't do anything about and it really ruined the cutscenes. This game is great however this seems rushed and needs work. If you dont mind the game running t 720p then there aren't many problems at all. The hair quality is fine at 720p but it doesnt feel right. ESC causes the game to close immediatley and those are the only problems if you can deal with it at 720p AND RUN THE GAMEThe only reason I'm reccomending this is because if you don't own it on PS3 or XBOX360 then you should go ahead as the gameplay is great but the graphics are lacking.THE BIGGEST downside of this game is the size 59GB which yeah, is the size of many many games that i had to delete"
,Recommended,292120,12436868,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Milera The PC Gamer,It's time to fap!
,Recommended,292120,12439949,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Soulroxas,"This game is so awesome, i don't care about the frames, it's still awesome"
,Recommended,292120,12442639,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,sevengems42,For all you negative reviewers out there I say this: Did Square even say they were going to make this 1080p? No they did not. Oh and by the way the PS3 version doesn't run it at 1080p either and your argument was heard there as well. Also when making a game for systems it's a lot easier because no Xbox360 or PS3 are different from a different Xbox360 or PS3. When dealing with computers almost everybody's is different. There's no generic gaming computer. So ports are harder to do. So cut Square some slack. This game is great. My computer has no problem running it and I've got 5 hours in and my framerate is still great. No choppyness at all and no slow downs on the battles. My suggestions to you if you decide to get this game though: 1.) Use a controller. The keyboard functions simply aren't good enough. 2.) Make sure you can play it at just a tad higher than the recommended settings. Other than that the game runs great. It's a great story even if it is a bit linear. I can't wait for the next 2 installments in the trilogy.
,Recommended,292120,12439157,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MallardKing,Want to troll trolls? Tell them the truth about how awesome FFXIII is!
76561198116314687,Recommended,292120,12442140,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Im Afro Ninja,♥♥♥♥♥ good.
76561198156780141,Recommended,292120,12442881,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ryuu,"Love the story, characters, battle system and also the soundtracks! My time playing FF and it's really nice."
76561198118722213,Recommended,292120,12438278,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SteezyEMT,"Never bought the game when it first came out(on playstation), Very excited to have it on pc now. I am a very big fan of the Final Fantasy series. This game looks and feels great. I know there are a lot of critisism about story and characters, but it still feels like a great FF game. The story is no FFVII, but it looks so good, and the battle style makes sense! Love the game mechanics. Yes, it is missing a few features like video resolution, and other basic setting you should be able to play with on pc. But hey, they jsut put it on steam, give it time im sure these things will be fixed or added.Work flawlessly with a 360 controller.Play this game, its worth your money."
76561198079612033,Recommended,292120,12440266,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,neoatlant,Recommend to those caring more about the game and not the technical stuff. Obviously the port is not perfect but for the price it's ok.
76561198034311545,Recommended,292120,12439274,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,exclave,"It's about like playing it on the PS3.  Sure it's not 1080p without using 3rd part tools, but the story is still good."
76561197967468466,Recommended,292120,12442352,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Star,"Great game good port, Square enix listened and added japanese voices and audio for everyone practily a good price good game People complain about the port but i have not found a single issue with the game at all personally i think they just trolls"
,Recommended,292120,12443779,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Skye L'fay,"I've been playing FF games for quite a while now, starting with IX and retreating to III and IV at some point in time, and frankly I find this one more enjoyable than any of the others that I've played, the only exception being MMO-Style XIV. Honestly, there are so many people out there who will tell you that this game is bad, yet I am one to say that I just spent the past 18 hours of my life on this game, nonstop minus eating and bathroom breaks... All and all, this game is actually very good despite all the hate that it seems to earn."
,Recommended,292120,12443552,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FR33M4N-135,"I don't have any problems playing the game at all. The graphic looks smooth even when playing fullscreen (playing on a 1080p monitor btw)However, much can be improve with this port such as adding graphical options, higher res, etc,Hopefully the next 2 sequels won't be as problematic as many is experiencing. For me it is playable."
76561198054375501,Recommended,292120,12443549,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,darkside,"I have never played Final Fantasy 13 before and because of that I am sure my views have bias. As a newcomer to Final Fantasy 13 but having  played Final Fantasy 10 (13 is the most new FF i've played since 10), I am really enjoying this game.However, there are some negatives:-Graphics aren't as clean as I thought. I really expected better even for a older game adapted to PC. I felt that final fantasy 10 had the identical graphics (maybe a little worse).-You cannot costumize the controller which is annoying.-Esc button automatically exits if you are in fullscreen mode.-There are no opitions to change any graphics settings or windowed/resolution settings.Regardless, I am still happy with the buy because the story is great so far and the game is just really fun (maybe because I've never played it). So overall I think it is a great buy if you have never played it before. I have a feeling that you might not like the game if you have previously played it on console.-----editAfter more game play, I am LOVING this game it is amazing. I see so many negative reviews, I can understand why, but I feel as if they are for the wrong reason.If you own a console (PS/Xbox) you must understand, there are people who do not own consoles (like me), who own a decently strong computer. For people like me, this game is amazing. I have no problem with lag or anything and  the game runs perfectly. For less than 15$ i am getting such a fun game with a great story and it is definetly worth!When you rate the game solely on it's gameplay and related: I feel it is a definete thumbs up. I can understand that if you are comparing it to a console model it is not on par because of the settings and imperfect graphics but that is not what we are looking at.-editAfter 50hrs of game play, it is safe to say this game is 5stars in my book. BUY it if you have played final fantasy 1-10 in the past and have never played any final fantasy since. This battle system is so fun. One of the things I love about this type of battle is you can do two things at the same time like watching a Anime while playing. Story is amazing + (Characters really grow on you).Regardless I recommend buying this game, Can't wait for FF13-2 to come out!"
76561198055640091,Not Recommended,292120,32375887,Posted: 12 June,all,MarkedPariah,"So I played this game for 2 hours and gave up after that. The game was very linear within those two hours and the gameplay is literally walk around until you encounter an enemy and then the battle starts. Once thebattle started you could choose to attack or to heal with an item. There were two types of attacks but little difference between the attacks. So the gameplay itself was beyond boring, there was no timing your attacks, no way to interrupt the enemies attacks reliably, you only controlled the one character and any others involved in the fight were assigned rolls. In general it just lacked variety in what you could do in terms of gameplay.But hey the cutscenes were cool I guess."
,Not Recommended,292120,23553804,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Picios,"The battles are so annoying and slow, you control one character in battle the others are controlled by AI and if your main character dies you lose, I thought that this game was amazing but I'm wrong, this little♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't deserve to be called Final Fantasy. Square Enix game designers, please resign. I'm still playing because I finish all my games, but I started to play this game last year."
,Recommended,292120,12481733,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Macro,"It feels great to finally be able to play Final Fantasy XIII on PC! To be honest, I had already given up on playing this, as I didn't really want to buy a brand new console just to play 2-4 games. Yes, this PC release is unfortunately locked at 720p, but that didn't bother me much. I'm still having a lot of fun with this game!(It won't take long for someone to come up with a mod to increase the resolution, anyway. xD)"
76561198065440731,Recommended,292120,12466067,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SoSo,Recommended this game if the graphic option can be customize and not only fix to 720pFull HD will be nice
76561198003178947,Recommended,292120,12475529,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,insulta.com.carinho,"STEAM users are a bunch of crying babies. Until two weeks ago, they're crying for not having a decent JRPG for PC, since the vast majority of them are made for consoles, and the golden age of JRPG are on PSX / PS2. But, albeit crying everyday, finally a the top-notch saga of JRPG (Final Fantasy) reach PC users (I'm not counting with the online FF's). What happens then? Well, PC users cry, cry, and keep crying. They cry because lack of options; they cry because Square-Enix didn't gave support for PC users who have cinema size screens; etc., etc., etc.I'm starting to think that STEAM is a huge nursery.This game has five years. It was made for consoles and not to PC. Square-Enix limit themselves to port the game to PC. Sure, the lack of options can be criticized, namely, the screen resolutions, since it obligate us to play in a fixed one; but the game is very well playable. And for what, 11 euros? I can't ask more, really. For years we saw console users playing great JRPG and PC users didn't had none. Now we have.Instead of crying for a game that has five years old, PC users should cry of paying 50 / 60 euros for «last generation» games that keep recycling the same thing all over again (for example, COD), and don't bring anything new to the market.With five hours of game played, I'm really enjoying it. The game is awesome.Btw, I own and played all FF for PSX / PS2. So I know what is a good and classical JRPG."
76561198019271081,Recommended,292120,12465833,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ekaell,"The game is good, sure it's locked at 720p but still looks amazing!  Some fps drops especially during battles but nothing too serious that really affect your gameplay! I think some people are overreacting about it!  Of course i would like SE to address some of the problems people encounter, but so far you can enjoy the game as it is!  Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,292120,12478539,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Viquel,"In short, this exactly the same game I played on my X360.The game is running quite well on a three years old PC.The quality of the video is stunning even if the original game has been released for years now.The first hours of introduction of the game are quite linear with a few bonuses to grab in hidden places but it let you slowly discover the story of every playable characters. After that you'll be free to evolve freely and complete a lot of side quests.The firsts combats are quite boring since the player has only the option to attack or use an item but after a while, every character will have more skills and the combat gauge allows to use some strategies.The sentiment of progression in the game is great. After the intro, since the player is free to go anywhere it will encounter enemy too powerfull for him at the time. However being able to surpass them after sometimes is very rewarding.It might not be the best Final Fantasy, but it's a good one for sure!"
76561198043725756,Recommended,292120,12466266,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Natrix,"If you can overlook all the technical issues mentioned within the other reviews, or are not botherd by them very much then this game is still really great and fun but a controller is needed to fully enjoy it."
,Recommended,292120,12480801,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,no eggs.,"Vanille is mentally defective and hot, and I am entirely cool with that"
76561198134749853,Recommended,292120,12823383,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Yakisoba Sauce,ITS AN AMAZING GAME EVEN THOUGH I PLAYED IT IN WINDOW MODE THE WHOLE TIME IT MADE ME WANT TO PLAY FF ON MY PS# AGAIN!!!
76561198050565608,Recommended,292120,12471137,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,M3L1Nk0,There is alot of hate and alot of love for this game yes is great in my opinion but not so great if you have a system running on the minimum graphic recommendation. In fullscreen if you hit escape your game closes down with no prompt but if you are like me and play in windowed you get the prompt but the only downside to this is the the inability to modify the loudness of the sound and graphic options the sound track is still beautiful but often at times it overtakes the voice actors and you need to rely on subtitles to see what they are saying.For a game that is past it time still has a beautiful set I personally have had no issue with framerates or caring about 1080p but lets bring back more of the classics like Final fantasy 3 from super nintendo not the crap from the newer consoles ;)Would i reccomend this game yes i would the story in my opinion is a touching yet beautiful story that Square as usual presents beautifully in the way that they do in all their Final fantasy titles just wish these games had a harder difficulty settingDont head to forums to make a decision whether to buy this game head over to twitch watch some user made videos on youtube or it will be the same thing over and over fanboys vs the hate you wont get a good opinion of this game by listening to others.
76561198000800309,Recommended,292120,12480942,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Crumpetman,Good O.o
,Recommended,292120,12466211,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cake,"Such a good game, glad they brought it to PC after I sold my Xbox.Few cons:- Pressing escape closes the game apparently, but I play with a gamepad, so no problems there.- Isn't much in the way of video and game settings, but there's not much I'd change.I haven't encountered the fps drop, like a few other people have though, which is a plus! :PIt's Final Fantasy though! What's not to like? A good buy if you like jrpg's like me :)"
,Recommended,292120,12468901,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ferd,"This game is for you if...* It's your first time playing FF XIII* You own a high-end gaming PC (I have no gfx/fps issues on my $1k PC)* Japanese or English voice acting is a preference* Downloading 60 GB on to your PC isn't a problem* You are willing to use GeDoSaToIt might not be worth your time if...* You own a PS3 / Xbox 360 (Just buy the game for your console)* Your PC doesn't meet the recommended specsOn my PC, the game fps is as smooth as butter and the gfx is eye candy...If you never played FFXIII, and your PC is well built then this game is a great investment."
,Recommended,292120,12454349,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Neon,"Great game on the pc if you have the right hardware, I rather lick the locked grapich settings to keep the older machines frmo playing it and it can let you see the true amazing style of the game and the artwork of the modeling"
,Recommended,292120,12883036,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Talon,"Being a long time fan of Final Fantasy games, I came into FFXIII expecting a lot. And I got it. While the story wasn't quite as engaging as say, FFX, I still connected with the characters and involved in their plight. The music and visuals are great and the Japanese voice acting is good as well. All in all, I think it was a great buy at 7 bucks."
,Recommended,292120,12479260,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,D-Troxx,"i really dont mind that its a port, and that it is at 720p (which can be easilly fixed with GeDoSaTo).i just love the game for its story, the high level of detail and the battles.some battles are pretty hard, so you have to come up with a stretagy, and thats what attracts me besides the beautiful story :D"
,Recommended,292120,20708459,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Abathur,"For those who wants more than a mere game, this is it. Haven't finished it yet (been playing for 134 hours according to steam. Now that's what I call damn long.) but so far the story is amazing. Good visuals and good plot. You can feel symphaty for the characters and live their story with them."
,Recommended,292120,29945749,Posted: 15 February,all,Kankrelune,Not perfect but good FF...
76561197967363376,Recommended,292120,12513734,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Frog,"this will be long but i believe it is needed:>>>>DONT BE AFRAID OF THE REVIEWS, TRY THE GAME YOURSELF<<<<Final Fantasy 13, a game that you hate or like.im a long time fan of FF games and im one of the few who admits FF games has a specific formula.you run from a point to the other until the beggining of disk 2 where you go OPEN WORLD and then you visit specific town, talk to the specific people and do specific dungeons. you play 3-4 characters, each can attack/cast spell/summon/use item. complex plot. great music.now he comes FF13 and says, ""no more formula, this time we do something different"". so this time the changed the battle system to jobs. you can cast attack spell OR attack OR heal OR tank OR debuff OR buff.what you need to do is arrange your group so you can attack and at the right time you change your job to something else.also this time you can only control one character and in a way you can order other characters.(people complain about easy battle system but they forget in FF7 once you get ""Knights of the Round"" summon, its game over.)ff8 you can get 9999 health with 100 full-life in disk2 (out of 4).CONS:you cant control all of the party members.you dont need to heal after battle.they removed the window speech so instead they made endless cutsenes. it IS possible to skip them but not all of them.super annoying characters (especially a girl with awful voice actress who sound like in japanese amatour porn).the lines are also lame, kinda like a mix of hollywood movie type and anime series type.PORT:disappointment. ABSOLUTELLY NO graphic settings so make sure you have the hardware before buying this. also you cant control keyboard settings and the MOST annoying thing is the ESC button which closes the game without warning, it doesnt even auto-save.*btw, in my opinion the main character Lightning is the best of all mains and 3rd among all, right after aeris and sephiroth.  but thats just me"
76561198013453995,Recommended,292120,12427372,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Gothix,"60 FPS, Great, 720p, Meh, Forgetting not to hit the ESC key when you wanna cancel something, priceless!  Hitting the ESC key anytime during game play instantly kills/closes the game.  I have a habit of wanting to hit ESC when canceling out of something, will have to try to get around it.  Other then that its still the great game it was on the PS3, graphics seem a little sharper, but that may be due to the 60FPS that the game offers on the PC.  Has a great, albeit linear story for most of the game, but i still recommend it.  Great graphics, awesome soundtrack and a fun battle system, whats not to love?"
,Recommended,292120,22948234,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Aggressor,One of the best games in the series!
,Not Recommended,292120,30069137,Posted: 20 February,all,saltimbanque,...
76561198016077926,Recommended,292120,12425961,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Vashe[PS4N : vashe9],"Edit :It's not a perfect port but don't listen to flammers, games runs at 50-60fps with my old 560ti. It's 720P but it looks great on my 40"" TV, I don't understand why people say it's ""less colorful"" than the ps3.It's an ok JRPG but Japanese dub makes it better :pEdit after the patch :I'm at chapter 11 (/13) in the open world area. This looks WAY better than the ps360 version. There, with my 760gtx (excepting when a lot of monsters are ""loading"") I get a ~stable 55-60fps in 1080P (withOUT the mod, don't use it, it affects performance GREATLY for little to no gains).Well, I won't judge the content because everyone knows it. For me, story is bluah, environments/monsters are amazing, fighting is good (and challenging in end game).After the patch it's really worth the price if you never played FFXIII (because of the bad rep) or if you're a fan. It's currenly the best version out there."
,Recommended,292120,12429655,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,🐺 Wolferatus 🐺,"Graphic looks very well, I think this is a Xbox360 Port and not a PS3 Port lbecause XBox had an better graphic then PS3 (sadly) but well its a Console Port, but what do you want for 12,99€? (as preorder 11,69€).I don`t have any bugs, and the game run very smooth, if you played FF13 on Console, don`t buy this Game because its the same, as a FF Fan its a must have and if you loved it on Console its a must have on Steam too  :)Square Enix never said they will Remaster this Game and peoples can be happy to get FF13 on PC, for me it looks pretty nice and I dont need 60 FPs on Cutscenes because they look amazing. But if you are looking only for AAA Titel with a SUPER MEGA GRAPHIC, for double price, choose another game then this.I always played FF Titels and I`m a big fan, I played FF13 on XBOX360 but since i prefer to play on PC I bought it and I`m happy. Also I never bought Final Fantasy for the graphic, I always loved the Gameplay, sadly since FF9 (maybe 10) this fanchise losed a bit of his power, but 13 was pretty good too (at least better then 12 and 12-X2)Pros:Stuning Graphic (for a old Console Port)XBOX360 Gamepad works smoothAudio in english is very easy to understandJapanese Audio was addet for fans on all editions not only the Asia EditionEasy Tutorial when you play the first time (you can skip the tutorial too)Small price, cheaper then the older FF TitelsVideos can be SkipedGood StorySoundtrack is niceContras:No Graphic SettingsExit Game works only by pressing ""ESC""60GB + extra Space for unpacking the Game (60GB is much for a game where you can`t change graphic)No Easy or Hard modePro+Cona lot of Savepointsafter losing a fight you can restart the fight without losing your progressI give as a Final Fantasy Fan 7 of 10 Points. For this price I can live with the few contras because I didnt bought an AAA Titel or a Game who was Remastered.I will edit my review if I changed my mind when I finished the game."
,Not Recommended,292120,12450029,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I did not play much FF-like games. I guess the only ones were Agarest and Last Remnant. You can count parts of Evoland, too. I liked both Agarest (although at some point combat became too much of a pain even on auto-battle) and Last Remnant. I hoped this one to be close to Last Remnant. It was not.Battle seems confused with itself: like, should I be auotmatic, or should I make user push buttons? Should I be real-time or turn-based? The idea of a time limit on your actions is a good one, since it can help keeping the pace and provide a real challenge, but when it's not something like a slo-mo, but rather than, practically, real-time it becoems a pain. You need too much concetration and too good a reaction time to be able to keep-up. And inability to do some actions, because the gauge has not filled in does not help. And the fact that you can't dodge anything (in real-time battle!) a big part of the battle becomes luck-based, rather than skill-based.But screw the combat: maybe story and characters are ok? Well... I was not able to sympathise with any of them. They seem to be too cliched, too presumtious... Like they're a lacking an actual soul. I mean really good characters just grab you by the throat from beginning of a story. These ones wer enot able to do that for me in an hour. Hell, Talion from Shadow of Mordor or Altair from Assassin's Creed seemed to have more behind them then Lightining or Snow or whatever. If it was a low-budget anime for 10-13 episodes that could have been ok, but in a supposedly AAA project - not so much. And why the hell some characers keep their mouths open after they stopped talking?.. Can't they breath through nose like most other people do?Graphically game is good. At least cinematics are. Even though they are 720p they look very detailed in fullHD monitor. And the game in general has some style, but... On PC you forget that when you get into actual gameplay and see lots of muddy textures. Dunno how it was on consoles, but it seemed like it looked better somehow. On PC... More like PS1 game, rather than PS3.So, in the endd - meh. Gonna stick with FFXIV, I guess.Note to Square Enix (if someone reads it): if you want to get a hold of some considerable part of PC users, drag out that email I sent you some time back with a game idea (search for ""simbiat""). I know damn well how to make it sell and how to turn it into your next FF brand."
,Recommended,292120,12426312,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,X3STZ,I woul say yes if you're fan of this series. Just buy and play it.Bad- No graphic option- Locked at 720p-----------------------------------------------------------------------------อยากเล่นก็ซื้อเลย แฟนไฟนอลก็ซื้อไปเถอะข้อเสีย- ปรับกราฟิคไม่ได้- ล็อคภาพที่ 720p
,Not Recommended,292120,12675035,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ballislife,"Unless you're going to marry Lightning one day or really really really need to play an RPG, I wouldn't subject yourself to this.On the other hand, FFXIII-2 is baller.Also, there's tons of screenshot potential in this game."
76561198067663579,Recommended,292120,12426436,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NORA DANISH,"The gameplay is not bad at all , except for the fact that there is some minor lagging issue, is it because the game just got into the market? no ones know.. i really hope SE can release a patch for the lagging issue very soon , all we can do is wait."
,Recommended,292120,12426210,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Cuhleef,Pros: Runs like it should. I didn't have framerate problems.Cons: I kinda wish that they had graphics settings. Pressing Esc button exits the game instantly so don't make a mistake.
,Recommended,292120,12458656,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AhKidz,Linear Running Simulator XIII -If I could fallInto the skyDo you think timeWould pass me by'Cause you know I'd walkA thousand milesIf I couldJust see youTonightDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDU
,Not Recommended,292120,12593928,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Ian Eats Babies,"Not been able to play more than a few minutes, due to no resolution options, and a stutter every 2 seconds. Do not buy this game, I'm going for a refund."
,Recommended,292120,12426084,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Кцяопёкo,Epic!!!
,Recommended,292120,12430311,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Alan Parsons,"Some issues as far as being a port goes, but perfectly playable."
76561197996298099,Not Recommended,292120,12469319,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,PICNIC OF LOVE,"WTF IS DIS SHIТ??? HOLY JESUS, THAT BATTLE SYSTEM SUCKS. THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥ING LIKE MMORPG SKYRIM WITH ANIME. MAN, THIS IS SO HORRIBLE I CANT EVEN DESCRIBE.# AUTOBATTLE/10"
,Recommended,292120,12426297,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Izayoi Sakuya,bad graphic who's care ?Locked 30 fps at 720P who's care ?like other's recommanded.this is Final Fantasy XIII and Lightning.if you like FF XIII99/10 for waifu.99/10 for story99/10 for gameplay
76561198095320380,Recommended,292120,12426624,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Aunix,"EDIT:After playing the game for a bit, and reading my review, I feel like I should update this and reword it a bit.I knew going into the purchase that this was Final Fantasy XIII, one of the more mediocre entries to the series (and the worst of the three in the trilogy). For me, this wasn't an issue though. I enjoyed the game on console, however I never beat it. The game is only $15, so the issues I had with it as a GAME are not enough stray me from purchasing it.People are complaining about the game being locked at 720p definition with 60 FPS in game, and 30 FPS in pre-rendered cut scenes. This, for me, is excusable because this is a five year old game designed for a console. I understand why this may be an issue for some those, especially since it's been out for five years and you could argue they've had time to optimize it for PC. I digress on that issue.My two serious problems with this game are the stuttering issues it has, and the audio. The stuttering makes parts of the games difficult to play, and actually caused me to have a migraine. However, for the four or five segments I played for any length longer than 20 minutes, I noticed the stuttering became minimal. I'm not sure why this is. I'm using a lot of the workarounds with my Nvidia card options, but the stutters and issues are still there upon bootup. It almost makes me wonder if this game pre-loads the majority of the game when you first launch it, thus causing the stuttering. Other than that, the audio is... laughable. I use a nice pair of headphones with an external sound card, and it sounds terrible.My PC Specs:AMD FX-4300 Quad CoreGTX650 Ti BOOST 2GB16 GB DDR-13331TB 7200 RPM HDDPros:Price point ($15).Good/pretty graphics.Lengthy game that is easily pick-up and go and inviting for long plays.Story (some may not like the story, to me the trilogy is amazing and XIII is a lot of the meat of it).After some bootup issues, runs smoothJapanese Audio (makes the game much more enjoyable)Cons:Stuttering issues, mostly for the first 20-30 minutes of play.Audio qualityAprox. 60GB download (I don't mind, but I know those with caps on internet, slow speeds, or limited harddrive space will).720p/60FPS w/ 30FPS cutscenes (not an issue for me, but I understand why it might be for some).Other notes:This game is incredibly light on your PC.I've had little issues with alt tabbing out of full screen, where as I know with some games this causes graphic issues or even crashes. When you alt tab, some of the display will go black but the game runs fine. You just need to re-enter the menu. I've have no issues alt-tabbing in the open world.Many of the games graphical issues can be fixed by various work arounds. I appreciate the gaming community for your efforts.I won't rate this game numerically. All I'll say is I honestly have faith Square will fix their issues. If they don't, they'll get a lot of backlash for it. I'll continue supporting them, but that's more so my effort to bring more JRPGs to PC.TL;DRLots of performance issues that have work arounds and fix as the game is played progressively longer. Audio issues that there are no work arounds for. Final Fantasy XIII, you either love it or hate it. When the game does run well, though, it's absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,292120,12426782,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ryuuzenmaru,"As an avid Final Fantasy lover, this game takes JRPG a whole new development in terms of story and the characters. Granted, everyone has their own opinion and I know quite a few people who say that this game ""ruined"" the Final Fantasy franchise. I, on the other hand, believe that it's taking a new approach on development and story. Simply put, if you are a fan of the JRPG genre and want to get ""attached"" to the characters, this game is meant for you. Some downsides to this game are that there are no video settings, but that's fine with me considering my computer runs smoothly up to 720p. I'm glad they ported this game to Steam and can't wait for XIII-2 and Lightning Returns to be released. Definitely going to buy in the near future."
,Recommended,292120,12432442,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Pantek,huh?
,Not Recommended,292120,12792137,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DariusOne,Played this first time on PC and yeah it turns out all the people that have complained about this game over the years were/are largely correct. Garbage game is still garbage.
76561198092802767,Not Recommended,292120,12636983,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dr Dave,dissapointed
,Recommended,292120,13767980,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,swim,vanille is best girl
,Recommended,292120,12672253,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,OvercastPrime,"Final Fantasy XIII is probably one of the most polarizing games in the series but it doesn't really deserve the hate it gets. If you're able to look past the linearity of it, the game does have an interesting battle system and a pretty complex plot to uncover. Even though this port is sorta laggy and the resolution sucks, there is at least a mod out there that can fix some of these bugs to make the game a more enjoyable experience, and for the cheap price it's at, I say it's worth a look."
76561198035808696,Recommended,292120,12433866,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FawnLaura,"So aside from the graphics and Resolution... I love it :D im not to picky, I can still play the game well and it looks good enough for me :3 I'm loving the gameplay/game"
76561198067063738,Recommended,292120,12431169,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,HYDRO_TOKER  =[NuD]=,"I like the option of being able to choose Japanese or English Audio, more games should do the same."
,Recommended,292120,12430051,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,404,"It's very awesome. I love the graphic and design of this game, the story line is kind of confusing. But overall, it's awesome"
76561197964314281,Recommended,292120,12430047,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,kjelli_,"To quell some of the Major Butthurt and to be frank complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.My computer is by no means a power house not even top of the line, yet I run this game at 60fps some people below have better computers and complain about fps drops, stuttering and all manner of problems either they are crap at building computers and bottlenecked something or they are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have not had a Single Noticeable framdrop. Even taught my FPS Monitoring program Reports that my highest FPS is 61 and Lowest 57 so far, Fps in menus are highest 60 and lowest 30 since the game for some reason limits FPS in some menus. Specs are at the bottom.However it is true that the game is locked at 720p which is a god damned shame but its also a minor inconvenience and I'm Personally used to playing at 120fps so My eyes are straining ""my eyes are red and bloodshot as hell"" and I'm getting a little bit of a headache but that is also a minor inconvenience the  becaus The Glorious PC Master Race dose not Complain!All in all I'd recommend it this game Mainly so Square/Enix Released KH3 and FF15 on PC as well ;) cause you know what ♥♥♥♥ Consoles.*Edit* Also a side note with all this games flaws , Linearity, poor character development,  half boring plot the some what engaging battle system and crappy art direction is that; its At Least 10 times better then Final Fantasy X ever was. Final Fantasy 3/6 was amazing 7 was just great, 8 was a gem in its on right and 9 dont get me started on 9, 10 however was the worst game in the series and still is.Computer Specc's:Mother Board: Asus P8Z77-V PROMemory :2x 8gb G.Skill Ripjaws DDR3 running at 1600mhzMain Drive: OCZ Agility 3 ZX 120 gb SSDGame Drive 1TB WD Black CaviarCPU: Intell i5-3570k 3,40ghz 4coresGPU :Asus Geforce gtx 660 ti OC II 4gb DDR5"
,Recommended,292120,12425413,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Rob-Archangel768[OYH!],"UPDATE: Okay, so I've played some more now and it does struggle with the frame rate at some points. I don't have access to my desktop computer so I'm not sure how it runs on a proper gaming machine. Still very playable overall.ORIGINALIt runs perfectly on my laptop. i7 4700 and GTX850m. Windows 8.1.Most people probably know about this game already but here goes anyway. It's a bad Final Fantasy but still a fun game. I put 100 hours into it on the PS3 and I'm sure I'll put many more into the PC version as well. Looking forward to the rest of the trilogy being released on steam.Final Fantasy XIII has very pretty scenery, nice music and a fairly fun battle system that keeps you on your toes a lot more often than most other Final Fantasies. The levelling up system is a bit meh, but is enough to make me want to see the tree expand. The story itself has some good moments and I felt a flood of memories coming back to me as I saw each character appear on the screen. Looking forward to completing it on the PC and reliving the adventure."
76561198068436559,Recommended,292120,12431480,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,charlie_t_26,great game love replaying it for the second time just really wish they had included some graphics options to make the came come up to todays standards.
,Recommended,292120,12428043,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NuclearInferno,"Despite the issues at hand, which I hope will be fixed, I love this game!Pros:+ Great Story+ Well-written characters+ Love the soundtrack+ Good graphics despite the 720 lock.Cons:- Not a great port.- The escape button quits the game- Need more graphics options"
,Recommended,292120,12428466,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Saggy Chunks of Moist Crustiness,"While by no means a sore deal for its cost, the game has its problems. Worst keybind in history. Esc just pops you OUT of the game. There are some things I want a kill switch on, and this is not one of them. I am so used to clicking ESC for menus in other games that this is driving me mad.The game itself is playable, and I like it."
,Recommended,292120,12427976,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Incepter,I am going to put this right...... here and say that the game works fine no stutter or graphical issues for me and that is because I use a controller for the game my mate has the issue with the keyboard and tested it and funny enough it stutters with no controller connected.  Further more it also states in the recommended settings that you use a controller. So people who aint using one for the game please use one. Regarding the graphical setting I do not see the issue with 720p unless u have a graphics card that does not support. Hope this helps
,Recommended,292120,12428774,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Manstik,"Run down a hallway, press X, armpits, rinse and repeat."
76561198108890392,Recommended,292120,12430693,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Minato Mizūmi,"To be honest, this port is not really good if compare with PS3 ver. No setting for graphic, resolution, and it is unstable when you play. However, in my opinion, it's still a good game. Besides, you can find some tricks to improve those problems from forum of this game. I recommend it for people who love FF but do not have PS3 or Xbox."
,Recommended,292120,12430978,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Owen,"Despite all the negative reviews (as a whole, not just on steam) regarding FF13 - I actually liked it back when I had it on PS3, I'm used to 1080p graphics in games myself and sadly, without use of it the in this game does make it look kind of shonky in 720p mode.Flurry of memories once you begin hearing the music and whatnot.Everyone is using GeDoSaTo to ehance the resolution to 1080p or 1920x1080+ - and the amount of detail difference is amazing, however, you do notice a crisp box on 40% of the screen and the rest is blurred and brighter, which I was living with until I realized the text boxes were being cut off and the menus broken.So I've hit a brick wall until the GeDoSaTo plugin is updated (again) or if square enix gets this game 1080p support, which they really should have done in the first place.I would still recommend FF13 to anyone who likes the final fantasy series, the battle system is nice but the story is a bit hard to follow.I would recommend it 100x more on PC if it gets 1080p support *hint hint*! :)Edit: GeDoSaTo has been severly updated since this post and I do have to say that some instances of the game you'd expect something like a ps4 to render running it in hi-def mode"
76561197982771068,Recommended,292120,12431475,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,scrub1kmmr,OMG THIS IS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥:D 10$ wastedsad boy
,Recommended,292120,12431852,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Taunchi,"Edit EDIT: It's a port of a game made for last gen consoles. I didn't see the outrage. Sure, it's stuck in 720p, but it still looks amazing. They'll most likely release a patch for graphics options, control options, ui options, and most likely in game sound options. It's a good game. You won't get steady one million fps, but it does run and it doesn't delete your save file like some other games.EDIT: Found that if application settings are forced over through Control Center and every custom control center setting is set to max (including triple buffering). You can lock your game to 30 fps, and it has a lot less stuttering.Kind of unplayable at the moment... The graphics look sharp and it feels good when at 60fps or the sub 58.9/59.9 that it tries to keep. Does not consistently use my GPU. Using xfx r9 270x, gpu usage spikes from 15 to 66 and random 100% split second usage spikes. The framerate is choppy as hell. It might be incompatibility with AMD drivers. Using 14.9.1 AMD drivers. Going to switch back to 14.7 and see what happens in a bit. I'll be back to update.Aside from the poor performance. (which is really bad, the camera feels like crap when moving around your character) And the fact that your gpu usage with constantly be fluctuating between 10%-100% with random bouts of pure 60fps and sub-15fps. The game seems less difficult than it was before, and faster? The first boss didn't do nearly as much damage as he did the last time I fought him. It's pretty smooth when not shot to hell with bugs. The gameplay feels good, and the story/animation even feels more intimate/different playing it close up, rather than on console. I really like that. It also randomly locks to 30fps, and can play the CGI in 60fps. Optimization is all over the place.If AMD 14.7 catalyst drivers don't fix this, I'm afraid I'll have to wait for Square-Enix to add some performance updates/compatibility/graphical setting options before I can fully enjoy this PC port. At least it has controller support! Honestly, it's a good try considered they haven't done any massive ports like this yet. The game was designed for a compeltely different generation of console. I'm not sure if it was in house or what. Optimize this yo! I also can't find an option for Japanese audio."
,Recommended,292120,12428715,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lutrian,"This game is very linear for most of its chapters, though much of your game will be spent in the later chapters due to all the sidequest missions.  This is a lazy port, but the community is always stepping in to fix that.  Though locked at 1280x720, the community already has a mod that that allows resolution and graphics option settings.  The game itself is the same as on the Xbox 360.  Combat is somewhat automated, with paradigm shifting (job system switches) providing the main strategies.  The story is fun, the locations and lore add a lot of atmosphere.  And of course, it's got a nice soundtrack.  The naysayers do have some points, but a lot of the shortcomings are rapidly being addressed by the community."
,Recommended,292120,12430672,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ItsReLLiK,"I see this game getting a lot of hate and it is completely understandablee. The game NEEDS to support multiple resolutions at the very least. It looks decent, but it can look so much better. PC's are powerful machines, let me use my hardware without workarounds. That's all I will say about that.Being a Final Fantasy fan in general, I was needless to say, excited about this coming to PC. I wanted to play it back when it released on consoles, but I don't play them. I read all the bad reviews before I actually bought it. I bought it because it is a FF game that I want to play, not because a bunch of overly angry people want more options. I would like them, but it doesn't take away as much as people make it sound. So far I am enjoying the story and I love the combat syatem. It is still turn based, but it is faster and I like that.I may update this with a better review of the actual game when I get further and further into the story, but for now I would give it a solid 9/10 for the game itself and about a 3/10 for the quality of the port. Vital options are indeed missing, but it doesn't hinder gameplay so much that I wouldn't bother with it. Look at the forums for the workarounds and buy it if you like Final Fantasy games. I would definitely recommend."
76561198043249070,Recommended,292120,12431793,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Aeon,"What to say about a game from which every speck is already critized? I can't really say my part since I am five hours in at my first playthrough so I won't say a word about the game itself. There are plenty more better reviews about that. If you wish my general impression; I have enjoyed the game so far.Now lets talk about quality of the port which I can really comment about. It is not very good port. There are no settings to tweak graphics and resolution is set into 1280x720. Personally I don't mind this, it looks and runs well on my laptop, but I know there are plenty whom do mind about it. After all we have taken things like changing resolution for granted for many years now. There are also some quirks to the port like pressing ESC quits the game instantly. No promp or anything.Do I recommend the game? Yes, I do. Despite the port's flaws I have enjoyed the game so far and none of the quirks I just listed really matter to me. The game looks just as beautiful as it looked back when it was first released. Personally I think I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,292120,12432382,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Alysea,"Nice game for now, graphics are not bad, gameplay is fun.The music is still very good, as in most of the FF.Only ""bad point"" 60gb is quite a lot, but I tink it's worth it if you got a good enough computer to run the game smoothly.For this price, it's a good deal."
,Recommended,292120,12430220,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,-[Newizer]-,Great Game ! Great Soundtrack but have many♥♥♥♥♥♥fans :(
76561198039944288,Recommended,292120,12427722,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,xonar99,"The game is visually stunning as expected, even at 720p, and has me pumped to keep playing, I mean, it's FF13 on PC for crying out loud :)A few bumps I ran into; the locked 720p on a 16:10 monitor (or anything other than 16:9 compatible ratio) will cause mild deformation. Because it's locked at 1280x720 it will squeeze the image in width to fit it all on-screen. This in turn makes everything look squished.This sounds worse than it actually is but the fact remains it is distracting at first, until you get used to it.Most people will be on a 16:9 ratio compatible monitor and won't have this issue. Still, I expect resolution-settings in the near future or if it really bothers you, read up on the forums for ways to go beyond 720p right now.If you have a Logitech G13 Gamepad, beware! Once you're in control of Lightning you will have to deal with the endlessly spinning camera issue.This bug also happens in games like Dead Space and Dead Space 2 and is related to the G13. For now no real fix aside from disconnecting it or to manually disable it in the Hardware Configuration panel in Windows.Does the above take away from the actual game and its gorgeous visuals, music and experience? Not even close, recommended!"
76561197970498480,Recommended,292120,12430006,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mucus,"It'd be nice if this had some graphical enhancements and resolution options, but after playing it its not nearly as bad as people are making it seem.I already beat this for the PS3. This game looks about the same, maybe even slightly sharper. 3d works with 3d vision fyi,The storyline is awesome, the gameplay is pretty linear though. However the places you explore look are so awesome and interesting that it wasn't so bad at all.I recommend it."
,Recommended,292120,12430221,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,4Poc | razazeal,"It's been a few years since I played through Final Fantasy 13, I was one of the few who really enjoyed the story and gameplay.  The port to the PC worked flawlessly and the picture is crisper and more colorful, probably because the Playstation 3 version I originally played limited how good the game could actually look.  I was disappointed that there were no PC specific options for me to adjust graphic settings.  But the game runs smooth and as I said the picture is much more crisp.  I look forward to playing through to completion and in the meantime I hope Square release a few patches to open up a few settings options.  In a few moths part 2 and 3 will be released and this epic can be enjoyed by a new audience."
,Recommended,292120,12426376,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Redemperor124,"Anything others than non-graphic options work fine for me.FF13 is rather straight forward compared to others FF.you have just 1 big map to wander around at late game, other than that is a storyline.still, if you are not into graphic problems that much i'm sure you can enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,292120,20036773,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Undermoose,"Thhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbpppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp.That's about my thoughts at the end of this game. Seriously, what the heck was that ending about? Why do I care about these chumps that have been barely shown through out the game.Why did I purchase this on Steam when it sucked on Xbox? Oh, right, it was cheap.Seriously, I suffered my way through this crap hole of a game, and now I am trying to muster up the will to go through XIII-2 after this.I rate this game ten out of ten Vanielles: completely incomprehensible and exhasperating."
76561197987071663,Recommended,292120,12439677,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,kanesaref,needs resolution options and quality settings or else would be a perfect port
,Recommended,292120,12426033,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,『lsQkzl@twitch.tv 』 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,Amazing  game //// สัสไม่ผิดหวังที่รอคอยลง PC
76561198047449483,Recommended,292120,12426418,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ravenger,"First of all I think that those negative reviews are misplaced. Square Enix  is giving PC players the oportunity to play this game and yet people complain. To make a really good PC port it takes a lot of resources and for 12.99€ u cant expect a HD remake of the game. The game is still amazing and I really dont understand why people hate on it so much just because of the graphics.The game looks perfectly fine in 720p and it runs at 60fps.What I really liked is that the japanese audio is included, since we did not get to enjoy them in the western regions.So anyone who is interested to go on an amazing adventure should not get scared because of those negative reviews since most of them are about the game not being in 1080p, but it still looks amazing."
76561198280139660,Not Recommended,292120,23829200,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,davisyya,"low fps, bad preformanceseems that this game uses single thread.if cpu is not i7, this game will lag"
,Recommended,292120,12480482,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,S W O O S H,
76561198028542778,Recommended,292120,12446807,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,mister_lobos,"looks at least as good as the console version. runs fine, have had zero problems, zero crashes, saves almost instantly, loads quickly, and is (in my opinion) an enjoyable game, more so then many games that cost 3-4 times as much.well worth the $15 any time for me, and i already had the xbox 360 version."
,Recommended,292120,12479283,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Demon Potato,"well im kinda love this game, much people telling that this game suck at 720p or whatever but its look amazing graphic.im  very recomended u buy this game, even so many people tell its suck at graphic but its still worth to play.its not a very low graph. so u can enjoy the game so much"
76561197988766680,Recommended,292120,12475532,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ian,"people really need to get with the times especially when concerning ports. GET A PAD! M&K are not the only way to control a pc game and in many cases M&K are a hinderance to many pad games now available on PC's.This game is awesome and cannot wait to play it on my pc, shame about the resolution but we're promised a fix so lets just wait and see. Despite what people say the game runs awesome 6ofps easy if you have a modern pc just need to follow the specs (remember min specs are Always a little off on pc and have been for many years, so make sure your just abit above that)I would recommend this to any jrpg fan"
76561198047103682,Recommended,292120,12443613,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Evo,"Despite the fact that the game have no options at all,the game is very good nice history(not the best on final fantasy series) but the best gameplay in my opinion."
76561198345764403,Recommended,292120,29946629,Posted: 15 February,all,Ciel,Very nice game
,Recommended,292120,23962131,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jgb332,()/)(o_o)....YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,292120,13259353,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,BigDickMole,"This game looks so awesome. Epic fights, epic graphics and epic cutscenes  ftw!I'd r8 8/8 m8s!!!! BUY NOW! Pls do it or ill kill your dog! DO IT FOR THE LOVE OF JESUS!!!!!"
,Recommended,292120,23146680,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Max,"Best RPG of the current time, but too expensive..."
,Recommended,292120,13442095,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Amadaeo Heart Stealer,"The perfect game to help you kick your oppressive gaming habits!Up to and including this most recent iteration, each entry in the series has been called Final Fantasy. Until now, that hasn't been true at all, with sequels flowing. However, with this installment, the game has been made so bland and unejoyable that it is sure to be your last experience with the franchise!"
76561198023831125,Recommended,292120,12426953,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kaiser Sand Wraith,"I played this game on PS3 for about 300+ hours, I love this game.For those people that never played any FF games before this, they maybe will like it. But if you FF fan you may not like this game.I see a lot of crying on steam FF13 forum, but people don't understand that this game is only £10 while when it was released on xbox 360 and ps3 it cost full game price.There are problems with this game with stuttering, but it can be fixed easy. Yes there is no video options, but you play on F-ing PC!!!EDIT: Video options were introduced in later patch!"
76561198039283583,Recommended,292120,12426082,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,JayGerBombed,"Yes there aren't any graphic options, and yes you can't play it in 1080p but then again nobody ever said you'd be able to. Its the same ps3 version ported to the pc with the added benefit of 60 fps.Aside from the lack of graphic options the game runs great and looks just fine.Would recommend."
76561198047759734,Recommended,292120,12425901,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,anthonyr32,Even though it is forced to run in 720p the game runs great and looks good. I am very happy SE decided to port the game to the PC. I am looking forward to FFXIII-2 and Lightning Returns.
,Recommended,292120,12427000,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RowdyBrow,"Its a great game in general thats why I bought it, but I run a 1440p setup. When you run 1440p it makes all resolutions under it look terrible compared to native. I cant believe they thought this was a good idea. At least raise it to 1080p so we can move away from the console resolution."
,Recommended,292120,12426629,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,v1nzdaddy ✪✪✪,"+Good game+Can force AA + AF through GPU drivers.+Japanese + English support if you have NA version. Only Jap for Asian versions+Locked at 60fps BUT - stutters to 30fps even on high end hardware-Bad Port-No graphic settings options-Locked at 720pA bad port but still the best version (360/ps3) of the game out there. Oh, and people seem to forget that this game is only $15."
76561197967605168,Not Recommended,292120,13215642,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,exile,RIP Final Fantasy.
,Not Recommended,292120,23772485,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sinnerman,Took me exactly 34 minutes of gameplay to ask for a refund. One of the worst PC ports I have ever played. Jittery and unstable framerate gave me a massive headache after just 5 minutes. Framerate drops are massive and constant. Literary unplayable.
,Recommended,292120,12431214,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,losludvig,a strange lack of settings and odd keybinds. some framerate issues in the early chapters. still worth the low asking price
76561198155567236,Recommended,292120,12431695,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jammext,"The latest update works fine with me. Since I don't have a nice video card (even though I have 48 GB RAM and a Xeon processor), I'm experiencing a very sharp decline in FPS when the max shadow resolution and anti-aliasing is selected. But neverthless, the update was fine and at least the new 1080p resolution fits perfectly with my monitor. Though what more can we expect from FFXIII? Some people didn't like the story (and gameplay) because it's too linear. Honestly, the story was confusing and it could have a better ending. Well, yes the lack of places to explore somehow sucks and boring but since this was my first time playing FFXIII (coz I never bought PS3/Xbox 360), I enjoyed it! Looking forward to the next part of the FFXIII saga. Cheers to the SE team and Steam for bringing this game to PC."
76561198027290084,Recommended,292120,12431038,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Timmy Finnegan,"aside from the resolution issues at lauch, it is a great port of a great game."
76561198008717663,Recommended,292120,12428225,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,upmagic,"Fal’Cies serve as the supernatural workers of Final Fantasy XIII’s world, demigods that shelter humanity in a sphere-shaped structure called Cocoon. There they nurture the citizens’ every need, cradling them in the sky above the feared and wild earth below known as Pulse. But as Final Fantasy XIII begins, that floating paradise is being dismantled. A foreign Fal’Cie from Pulse has found its way inside, erupting a panic between a fleeing civilian resistance and military groups attempting to “purge” the sector clean of the contamination. Amidst the chaos you’ll lead an unsuspecting cast to the heart of the conflict, where the alien visitor deals them a dreadful fate.Your party is made Li’Cie, magically infused humans branded by the Fal’Cie, thus becoming errants in service to an enemy of their own home in the clouds. It marks upon them an ill willed destiny, or Focus, giving only a small window of time to complete it as they face 3 possible outcomes. Fail and become monsters, succeed and turn into crystal for eternity, or simply die. Talk about being dealt a bad hand. And when their Focus is too vague and muddled to interpret, the crew can only fall steeply into despair as they flee pursuing military platoons, hunted as enemies of the state.That’s a slew of fantasy terminology to get comfortable with, though the exiles are equally lost and confused by it. Truth be told, no one has any idea what’s going on for quite some time, but like an illusory trick, Final Fantasy XIII is already set on a predetermined road. While the game’s opening train hijacking ends in abrupt, CGI destruction, its design remains very much on rails through its entirety, rarely deviating from straightforwards paths, controlled leveling, and the developer’s always guiding hand. It’s an on foot succession of enemies, cutscenes, and occasional nooks that lead to treasure chests, a forty-five or so hour road lined with save points, where loading back into the game means just one thing — onwards.And onward the party goes, testing their newly acquired powers on the soldiers, machines, and oddly formed creatures of the wild that number the path before them. Engaging enemy patrols will transition you to a battle screen where a time gauge begins to fill, allowing the party leader to choose a string of actions to perform in sequence (e.g. “Fire -> Fire -> Blizzard -> Sparkstrike”). Each hit will inch up the chain gauge of an enemy until it Staggers, at which point it will take significantly increased damage for a short period of time. Failure to attack the same unit frequently enough, and the gauge will depreciate — so back to work you go.It’s a fluid and fast paced take on turn based combat, and so the game features an Auto option to string up combos for you. Perhaps Square should’ve named it something less insulting, because the button is invaluable, and winning is anything but automatic. Instead the feature helps you focus on the gauges and enemy behavior, visual cues that demand fast reaction and adaptation to dynamic encounters. Take a moment such as when an enemy rocket trooper begins to shoulder mount his RPG, for example. To prepare for the incoming missile you’ll want to switch the roles of your party immediately, using what’s called a Paradigm Shift, transforming your 3-man party of Commandos and Ravagers to perhaps Medics and Sentinels, thus mitigating the incoming damage. Once the danger has passed, it’s a mere twitch of the finger and your party will resume the onslaught.The system is slow to evolve, not reaching its spectacular peak until after the first third of the game. Before that is a mixture of character role discovery and archaic drudgery, where the cast ventures off in pairs to handle their hopeless ordeals individually. Low damage output brings about slower battles, making guarded treasures or overly simple segments of fighting a tad tedious. It’s a bold game in that it’s so heavily reliant on strict structure, but with it brings a fragility that can really test your patience, pathways occasionally lined with one too many minibosses. Though, at the same time, most enemy combinations are usually crafty and conducive to learning, and a high density of cutscenes help push a very character driven game past poor level planning early on.At face value, the cast almost perfectly reflects the tired tropes of the genre. Lightning, the game’s pink haired cover girl, is a rogue officer with an apparent death wish, opting to take the fight to the capital simply out of spite. Snow, a bone-headed resistance member, has an overblown hero complex, and then there’s Vanille, a bubbly, Australian accented girl who will certainly annoy you, as may Hope, an opposingly sullen adolescent. But as quickly as you can judge them initially, Final Fantasy XIII turns these characters upside down, and beats the stupid out of them, often literally.Snow is exposed as the naive manchild he is, and refreshingly, it’s Hope, the kid in the party who does it. He fastly matures past the adults as a result of losing his mother in the game’s opening warzone, finding a new maternal figure in Lightning, admiring her cool head and battle skills. In turn, her badass demeanor is deconstructed as a cover for neglecting family, and she uses Hope to fulfill her desire to be a protective sister, the two shouting words of encouragement at each other as they dish combos. And first taken as the comic relief, the military pilot, Sazh, is starkly less optimistic than the chickadee that lives atop his afro would have you believe. An already broken father, there are times in the game where he is legitimately shown contemplating suicide.No personality is all that deep, nor is the dialogue any less hammy than of the franchise’s past, but this structure utilizes some of the greatest aspects of Japanese melodrama, and explores the style from new angles. For instance, a true villain is never quite pinned down until the very final moments. Instead, conflict resides within the characters themselves, literally personified through summoned beings called Eidolons. It is unsure what their true purpose is, meant to be interpreted by the player as the game goes along, but the Eidolons only appear when a character seems to have lost all hope, or deviated from their fate. Each emerges to stand before the broken Li’Cie, prepared to serve them the death they perhaps crave, acting as pivotal boss encounters that bring each personality to climatic analysis.That adventure is a dark one, but at the same time jarringly beautiful, colorful, and uplifting. Nomura’s designs have never been more modern and minimalist, helping each character pop off the screen with subtle effects, such as Lightning’s flapping shoulder cloak, or the way her sheathed sword bounces off her nimble legs as she jogs along utopian wonderlands; a glistening white wood, a carnival city of dreams, air fortresses and a capital that sits in the sky. And as each character faces their inner demon, this sheltered and artificial world teeters closer on the edge of armageddon. Crashing pianos and apocalyptic Latin choirs join challenging, race-to-the-finish boss fights that question your party’s resolve to survive, and as the group comes full circle, their abilities mesh in dazzling animations and super powered flurries of spells and martial arts.Whether that means launching behemoths into the air and juggling them with 3 Commandos, or approaching fights with a steadied mix of defense, sustainability, and tempered damage, Final Fantasy XIII stands as a new kind of JRPG that rewards varieties of intelligent play and players who think on their feet. Experience points are spent in a grid that is locked between tiers, capping those who wish to sit and farm respawning patrols, a clear message against grind heavy games"
,Recommended,292120,12431381,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,supaDupaKoopaTroopa,"great game, no fps lag/drops and no crashes as of yet. already has working mod for those that 'need' 1080p(which is no problem for anybody using a pc, heck we're pretty damn suave...reason we didn't buy a console)."
,Recommended,292120,12431021,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Green Ocha,Simple port that played on my 360 back in the day. Still fun
76561197993451181,Recommended,292120,12431787,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Brainfryer,"I like Marmite.This was enjoyable on PS3 (Platinum trophy) and I'm enjoying it all over again on PC.I don't understand why people are complaining about the graphics... so many naysayers asking for 1080p in an indie 8bit filled world of best sellers. As for stuttering and ""rollercoaster"" FPS... game has been working fine on my rig and I'm only using a hybrid drive rather than full SSD.Yes the game is very linear and the next game in the series is basically Pokemon, but it's a very enjoyable linear ride if you give it chance."
76561198088822167,Not Recommended,292120,31397493,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,I struggled to finish this game. The characters are pretty bad and the same goes for the gameplay.
76561198156426248,Not Recommended,292120,31549871,Posted: 4 May,all,lauraleewd49,Controls can't be changed. Refund requested.
76561198010968762,Recommended,292120,12429953,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,criscg2,"OMG! A PC Port that actually let's you use the mouse. If the beautiful visuals and the roaming camera around Lightning didn't stun me at first, the fact that I can actually play this with a keyboard and mouse definitely stunned me and makes this game stand out for me compared to most pc ports. I'm definitely going to play and screenshot."
,Recommended,292120,12429701,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,XxxAkhasaXxx,"THE GODDES XD XD...lighting is my waifu XD XD :3 <3A lil bit lag, and u will experience lag, i mean very lag when using steam overlay(shift+tab), Dunno why, I'm using I7,and GForce 745 gt, please fix :( ,, I receommend this game only for TRue fan of FF -_-""...because this game sometime can be very lag,,,.. so wait till they fix the lag, then buy It!!!"
76561197997840310,Recommended,292120,12430270,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,augustoperucello,"Sure there is a lot of problems. No customizable Graphics, 720p Locked. Some bugs on textures. Even so, the story is amazing. you should remember that the game does not tell you about the background history, you should read about it in the files in the menu, and the graphics looks amazing. Not a expensive game. Worth it!"
,Recommended,292120,12430179,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dedpanda,i cant even play it 10/10
,Recommended,292120,12430349,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fuzz,"Fantastic music, goregous art, and fun combat.BUT- 720p xbox360 cutscenes instead of 1080p PS3- requres modding to get to 1080p- no upgrade from the 360, and technically a downgrade from ps3- weird ♥♥♥♥ing keybindingsall in all if you have a PS3 get the PS3 edition: if not get this one and mod it, its still a fantastic game"
76561198061909033,Recommended,292120,12429879,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,乌龟木饼 欧杀士,"I've cleared twice on my Ps3 Version, but still something is drawing me back to the game, even to start it all over again, and now its on PC! My dream has come true!! Game looks sharp enough even without the video settings, will hope for resolution and graphic setting update, but now I'll just enjoy the game! Bought a Razer controller just for this game. Framerate is slightly slower than PS3 but still acceptable for me. Easily another 100 hours will be thrown to this game, making this game the longest duration I spent on a single player game!For now, cheers everybody, overcome the no graphic setting issues and remember why you got the game! :D"
,Recommended,292120,12433552,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Incendar,"Much better looking and better framerate than 360!Game runs great ( 8350, ssd, AMD 7950) with 360 controller.I think the 720p and other issues hopefully will be resolved with patches and mods, would be nice to see some more mods as time goes on.soundtrack and battle system is top notch, characters not so much , story is ok.Did another playthrough some lag with the UI I guess but had fun. Check out the quality on my lets playhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1ezEU3fQFn6gWcvW0R0VMqIS6wX5-yVa"
,Recommended,292120,12429980,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,☆S l e n d e r l o l i☆,"I really like it so far! I think the graphics look nice, and it's a pretty fun game so far.To be honest I'm not sure what people are complaining about, as I definately think it looks good and the framrate seems okay as well. I don't even have a particularly powerful PC.You should get it!"
,Not Recommended,292120,31540713,Posted: 4 May,all,Tino,"Having put in 11 hours into this game according to my record, I can honestly say I'm not really feeling it at all. Compared to a few of the Final Fantasy games I've played, this one just doesn't feel like a Final Fantasy game at all. The story is weird, the battle system is full of crap and the characters are either not appealing or downright annoying (except Lightning obviously, who actually stands out to me). Right now, I just don't feel like going any further with this considering how boring it's starting to become. Plus, the last time I tried to exit out of the game, it suddenly crashes and I was forced to shut down.If you're a fan of the Final Fantasy games, specifically the older ones, then I would not recommend this game. If you're still interested though, then I would wait until the next time it sells at a discount to get it."
76561198004278533,Not Recommended,292120,31392474,Posted: 27 April,all,[MG] FIREFENIX13,"How is this even considered a game? There is nothing in the entire ""game"" that is enjoyable except for the graphics, this is by far the worst final fantasy ever made.4/10And those 4 points are for the character models and some landscapes, the rest of the game is just horrible."
76561197964577509,Not Recommended,292120,29941448,Posted: 15 February,all,AGENT Plant Manson ★O.S.I.★,"This port is BUSTEDI can get it to run but the steps involved in getting this game to run are obscure and not friendly towards people who don't have as much computer skill as I do.Squaresoft, I am disapointed in you guys. You're useually really good about porting games."
,Recommended,292120,12567998,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Last G,Really good game and port/
,Recommended,292120,12547907,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Shithead,BEST RPG GAME EVER !
76561198097007537,Not Recommended,292120,32007223,Posted: 27 May,all,Pong....Thenwong,Good Story and art about Final Fantasy but gameplay is very suck and very boring . If ypo are fan of Final Fantasy it not to bad but if you not I not recommand this game
,Not Recommended,292120,32710298,Posted: 23 June,all,eyueldk,"As a fan of FF series and my admiration for FF 12, I have to tell you this. Don't buy this game, you're not missing anything.It's extremely linear, terrible characters, terrible writing, terrible voice acting - what a let down. I've only managed to get through 7+ hours of play after owning this game for years... and it sucks as much as the day I bought it.DONT BUY!!! SERIOUSLY!"
,Recommended,292120,12426113,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ActionOfLost,"The ThoughtSince the commotion surrounding the port being lock, I think that mentioning the following point is necessary. I still recommend this game, but buyer should be aware that you need a good PC to be able to run it, since the is no graphical option. Why, well I prefer having a strait console to PC port than nothing at all and for it's price tag I don't found it offensive.The GoodFinal Fantasy XIII ported to PC.The Bad(Those are listed in the Steam page requirement)Full screen display mode will only run on an environment that supports a screen resolution of 1280 x 720.Maximum supported frame rate: 60fps.A game controller using Xinput is recomended for this game."
,Recommended,292120,12427323,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CyberPaladin,"Having played every Final Fantasy released in the West, I would consider myself a Final Fantasy advocate to say the least. This game WAS the reason I got a PS3 in the first place. You need ROOM to install this (you have to have 60GB free, yep, 60. That's not a typo), but it looks and runs great on the PC. The next 2 releases in the Final Fantasy XIII trilogy will be coming to PC next year.I haven't had a Final Fantasy suck me in as much as this one did since Final Fantasy VIII. I thought the characters were believable, likeable, and some a bit quirky. You can relate to them and their struggles. The world and story line are deep and detailed, though I had to read the lore several times to understand what was what and to understand the chain of events that lead to the current plot and where the characters fit in. I even did a little research on the internet for a more abridged version, but once understood, it made a huge difference in enjoying the game. The battle system and Paradigm Shift role system are powerful and fun once you understand them and how they work. So quit reading and start your download so you can get going on one of the greatest RPGs of recent times."
76561198014252825,Recommended,292120,12427422,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Returner7,"JRPGs are my guilty pleasures and I've play through the PS3 version, that being said I consider this a pretty bare bones port that is barely acceptable but at least its ~$16 retail. It does run like the PS3 version with an improved frame rate and dual audio, but not much else. I bought this title for the Japanese audio and only recommend it to those who find the PS3 version acceptable and want dual audio. As a game, it still looks like a AAA Square Enix Japan title, but suffers from very linear & somewhat stripped down “optimized,” but fast paced turn based RPG gameplay, and the recent FF trope of stupidly confusing convoluted plot in addition to a lack of character focus. Visually it is worthy of the FF title, it possibly falls short story wise, but any fan of JRPGs will get a decent amount of enjoyment out of it in my estimation especially for the price."
,Not Recommended,292120,12506586,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"Two things here:Port:Unsurprisingly, because why should Square Enix comprehend to any degree whatsoever the markets they are selling to especially when it comes to the Western PC gaming market, FFXIII for PC is not optimized by any definition of the word. The port itself is locked to 720p 30 fps, and the only way around this is to use Durante's SweetFX-esque shader modifer to force override the locked resolution to 1920x1080 or whatever you want. You could also downsample and customize all of the graphics options which Square Enix did not include, at all, in the game.Even so, and ignoring that Durante's plugin is an early alpha build he spat out in a day, the game still runs terribly at 1080p unless you are already using a beastly GTX 980 and the latest-gen i7s. At 1080p with graphics truly set to low, the game looks good - but also runs horrendously. It's certainly not unplayable, but pretty much defeats the purpose of gaming on PC when you could buy an xbox for 50 dollars and pick this game up for about 5, and ""enjoy"" basically the same experience.Did I mention the 20 or 30gb of uncompressed cutscene videos  you are forced to download just in case you want to listen to the Japanese audio? How about the fact that literally every time you launch the game, you have to customize the ""options"" - such as the on screen button displays - or they won't work? Don't worry though. Even if you do change the button descriptions to ""controller"", it will still show keyboard keys and not 360 buttons or even Playstation buttons.Oh, by the way, if you have terrible internet - do not use Steam cloud. In fact, don't use Steam cloud for this game. If you do, the game will ONLY save to the cloud and will not create a local copy. As soon as you go offline or you turn off cloud sync, your save will be inaccessible.Game:FFXIII is hands down the worst final fantasy game ever made. There are those who dispute this, and good for them, but it's not opinion. The combat system is drastically hands-off in comparison to even FF12 which literally played the game for you, and to make that better, it suffers from asinine mechanics that never should have made it past quality testing. Specifically, if your party leader dies, it's game over immediately. They fixed this in 13-2 obviously but, this isn't 13-2, is it? Once you get waist deep in the game, though, the combat and the paradigm shift system are fully realized - but they never make for an interesting battle except for a few select boss encounters.The voice acting is hard to deal with, in English anyway. Hopefully everyone knew that already but you have some of those PC master race kids on here who only game on PC. Vanille's VA is schizophrenic at the best of times, and really the only voice acting you can deal with is Snow.It's somewhat of a shame, though, as the game does have impressive graphics and a decent story. You'll just have to deal with a cavalcade of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ until you can actually enjoy the game - which will happen literally at Chapter 11 or so. Until then, you will be forced to use subsets of all available characters as they journey in separate groups around Cocoon and Pulse. For the first chapter, you can't even level up or change your roles.The crystarium is a cruel joke and all it does is make you hate it for not being the sphere grid. Again, they kind of fixed this in 13-2 and LR, too late though. So, more pure linearity to enjoy. The entire game is one long hallway until you get to a room - Gran Pulse Archlyte Steppes - and even so that ""room"" isn't exactly the most expansive free roaming area. All of this culminates in literally the easiest last boss I can remember in any RPG.Unless you didn't suffer through this game the first time, or you're a collector - don't even bother."
76561198016899746,Recommended,292120,12430956,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,({x})Mishka (Strawberry Kanzuki),Step 1: Get Japanese audio. *check*Step 2: Get 1080p. *not yet*Step 3: Let us remove like 20+GB of♥♥♥♥♥♥*not yet*Step 4: ????????????? *eventually*Step 5: Profit. *Squenix always get profit*
76561198125666648,Not Recommended,292120,31546434,Posted: 4 May,all,MrFreddie,"One of the most boring games I've ever made the mistake to buy. I've read that it's supposed to get better when you come to chapter 9-11, but honestly, I couldn't even bear to complete Chapter 2.It's not like the fight system is bad, ist just non-existent. You press one single button and that's it. What Genius did they hire to come up with that glorious idea?The worst thing is, that it's so promising. Everything looks so good and the story sounds so interesting at first. But then they ruined it all with crappy dialogs, repetetition over and over again, a lousy, non-rewarding fight system and no chance to improve you skills whatsoever. But wait, you don't have to improve! Because it's the same easy fight everytime. The only challenge was to not fall asleep during a bossfight. The entire game feels like a tutorial for a real game, that doesn't exist.A frustrating experience."
76561198117830475,Recommended,292120,12428886,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,killulotz14,This PC port of FF13 is kinda cruddy. You cant bind keys and there is no graphics options that i can find.   The in game graphics are trashy lightnings hair and face are all jagged and cgi cutsceans tear bad.  AND FOR GOD SAKE DONT HIT ESC KEY EVER!  its bound to close game instantly like really just figguring out settings make me close the game 3 times and i thought i was crashing. lol this is best enjoyed with a xbox or PS controller for sure porting the exact same set up.   If there is graphic setting plz tell me cuz they need to go up...i know my pc can do better than this i can play bf4 on ultra for peatsake.The game iteself tho is ok hard but thats just cuz im bad at these kinds of games im on easy mode cuz i remember where i got stuck on xbox and gave up.  for the price its ok if you already know you like ff13 or can tollerate it or just want it in the collection other wise id wait till they do a sale bundle next year with this and ff13-2 and so on.
,Recommended,292120,12429285,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,❉ 45eer,"Despite the complaints about the lack of resolution and video options, it is still good to see a new Final Fantasy come to PC. The issues aren't with the game itself and a review should not reflect that. The problem lies with the port which obviously is not quite what it could have or should have been. Aside from that, It is still, IMO, a great game and a great entry into the Final Fantasy series and I would encourage all lovers of the series and the genre to play it. It's also not such a bad thing to give some support to square to hopefully encourage more releases in the future and more work on their ports."
,Not Recommended,292120,16717953,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dr.Larry,"This is not a good game for FF fans, RPG fans or even gamers in general.It took me 42 hours(According to my save file, mustn't count cinematics which are around 7hours) to beat but was 20 hours longer than it should have been. The pacing is entirely off, the game is totally linear and the story falls apart after chapter 10. Infact the entire game completely changes after chapter 10. Pacing is just extremely horrendous. Consider the fact there are 13 chapters in the game yet the final three chapters account for 50% of your play time. No one needs to explain how this equates to bad pacing.The story is pretty decent until you get to Chapter 10 where you're inexplicably faced with a familiar face to duke it out for the most ridiculous of reasons. It's here the plot is fully explained to you and it's here the game just changes completely. The story takes a nose dive, the AI actually gets worse -- Party members occasionally target separate enemies for the entire battle instead of attacking the same target you're attacking -- and the game basically encourages you to grind by vastly upping the CP for each Cryocrystal(level point) significantly. Don't believe anyone who says you don't need to grind in this game: You do. If you play on easy you won't need to grind as much(Certainly not hours) but in normal it is an absolute must!Open world? Not really. Chapter 11 is where defenders come out and shine but the reality is Chapter 11 is as linear as the rest of the game with the option of taking a few different paths for some miniscule side area. There are missions but only one is activated at a time; as in you will need to complete Mission #1 in order for Mission #2 to unlock and Mission #2 to unlock Mission #3. These missions can be right beside the mission giver or they can be a 30minute or more backtrack just to reach the same location. Some missions unlock alongside the story but some key missions(Mission 17 for chocobos) are totally optional and require you to do every mission up until that point. Basically missions are there to guide you along a grind path: They're a mechanic introduced so grinding doesn't seem so grindy. Otherwise missions add absolutely nothing to the story save a few data entries. There is three extra scenes however but you're better off googling them than wasting your time with all that backtracking. If you were to follow the main quest in Chapter 11 you would only see 5minutes of ""open world"" until you're straight back on a linear path.Chapter 11 is also only two locations: A maze/puzzle-like level which is just as linear as the entire game(A maze that's linear???) and your target location then that's it. You move on to the next chapter. It's fairly lackluster to say the least and what happens to the populace is never explained. You're just left to assume they died out because the attack on cocoon failed.Characters are so and so. Honestly, Lightning has no personality, she's just good in combat. Sazh is probably the best character in the game due to his background. His story is the most interesting and makes the most sense. The rest, not so much. Hope is annoying throughout and it makes no sense for him to act the way he does. Snow's story arc about protecting children and what not is quickly forgotten and not important at all. Vanille's story is actually pretty good and well told however Fang just feels like a tag along for the most part.The game just isn't great. It's 20 hours too long. This game should have ended at the 20-24hour mark. I don't say that because I want a shorter game, I say that because this game is incredibly linear, the story was told in full at the 20 hour mark and from that point on there are no new developments and the story only continues to make very little logical sense.The final chapter was just annoying. The bosses were just lazy inclusions and borderline trolling. For instance the first phase of the last boss is the exact same boss as the one you fought in Chapter 11 with the addition of one ability that does pitiful damage. The second phase is easy, doesn't take too long(Poison) and the third ""bonus"" phase is a cake walk(Stagger it twice and it's dead). There's also some terribly cringe worthy cinematics between each phase. It also makes no sense in context of everything(I won't spoil it). The ending is both a ""That looks pretty cool"" and a ""That came out of nowhere"" moment. Worth 42 hours? Nope!Combat is boring even on normal difficulty and incredibly easy until chapter 11 with the combat mostly consisting of pressing A and then taking a U turn in difficulty after chapter 10 requiring you to grind and use paradigms. Some bosses are an absolute joke while others are extremely difficult and require you to either grind to haev enough HP to soak up their attacks or switch to easy mode. I would suggest switching to easy, you have nothing to lose from it.I would honestly suggest skipping this game. It will be tollerable for the first few hours if you're into games with a decent plot and a good story to tell but they take that away from the game after 20 hours of gameplay. The only reason I continued on is because I wasted 20 hours getting to that point and figured I may aswell finish the game. It's just not a good game."
,Recommended,292120,12425657,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,:(){:|:&};:,Why no Resolution setting?
,Recommended,292120,12429800,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fabulous,Could be much worse I guess. Wait for a sale unless you are in a ABSOLUTE hurry to play this.
76561197971305233,Recommended,292120,12428714,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Runie,"Soooooooooooooo, FFXIII PC impressions.Pros:+ Japanese voice acting!+ Runs... not perfectly, but still shockingly well on my PC considering it's probably not ideal for a game this graphics intensive (I have a Radeon HD 8400 graphics card). A lot of people are complaining about the lack of options, but if your PC CAN run this game, it'll run it very well due to how incredibly well optimized it is (as tends to be the case with Japanese PC games). And it looks gorgeous. Some parts even run at 60 FPS now instead of the 30 FPS cap the console versions have (not a dealbreaker/maker for me, but it's noticeable if you've already played the crap out of this game).+ Loading times are MUCH lower than the 360 or PS3 versions.+ Controls fairly well, and unlike quite a few other Japanese PC ports I've played lately, it DOES have mouse support (conveniently, confirm, cancel, and obviously camera movement are mapped to it). Maybe not FULL mouse support, as I haven't managed to remap mouse 3 to menu or anything really, but dang, I'll take what I can get.Cons:- For some reason, hitting ESC just once makes the entire game quit. Handy when you actually do wanna quit, not so much when you're used to every other PC game using ESC as a generic cancel button and hit it by accident. Although, uh, it does quit very quickly compared to other PC games, for whatever that's worth. Hit ESC, BAM, back to desktop.- Customization options aren't much better than what you'd get out of the console versions. Key rebinding options are rather limited by modern standards, and there are no graphical options besides windowed/full-screen. So make darn sure your PC can run this. Although, like I said, if it can run it, it'll probably do it without any major problems.- 60 GB of HDD space.- They added an Easy mode :P Thankfully, it's optional.But when all is said and done for me is, it's FFXIII, one of the best JRPGs of the previous gen (one that I feel got a lot of unfair hate just for being honest with its linearity), and one of my personal favorite games in the FF series, running on my PC, and running surprisingly well at that, with content (well, if you count Japanese voice acting as content) not present in either console version. And it was only like $14 - $15. If you're not a PC graphics nut who MUST be able to customize the crap out of their graphics, this is a surprisingly decent port.  Not a perfect port by any means, but I do feel like a lot of the complaints are being blown out of proportion.  The real issues are the ESC key quitting the game, and the fact that it's a massive 60 GB download, easily the largest PC game I've ever played.However, if you can overlook these (relatively minor IMHO) issues, and your PC can run this game, I do highly recommend it."
,Recommended,292120,23739698,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Josh the Incompetent,"Too much neck.The nudity is okay, but the neck showing is too far."
,Recommended,292120,12428978,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PhotoLifestylee,LOVED IT!!!
76561198243443940,Not Recommended,292120,33660111,Posted: 19 July,all,NeoRoux,I really wanted to play this game again but it just doesnt work longer than 5 minutes without freezing and crashing the whole computer. I need a refund.
,Not Recommended,292120,25975131,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,backpfeifen-gesicht,"This game is trash. Controls are awful, the game is awful, and mine didn't even come with English audio!"
,Not Recommended,292120,24113605,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lidon,"Urgh.First of all: this is not a Final Fantasy game. The FF I know consists of exploring an ever-wider opening world, grinding, trying out different tactics, configurations of jobs and equipment and spells, fighting boss monsters for huge rewards in power... almost none of which can be found here.This game is one linear corridor from beginning to close to the end. There are encounters along the way which you can't skip - and you don't want to skip them since you are expected to have leveled up a certain amount when you have reached the next inevitable battle. This makes for an extremely predictable difficulty curve, with occasional back-and-forth required to grind up to the next power level.The character configuration options are ridiculous: you getoneaccessory slot andoneweapon slot. That's it. No more. You cansort ofuse that tokind ofspecialize in either physical or magical damage, but apart from that it barely qualifies as fluff, let alone a valid mechanism for the player to influence the combat.The battle system itself is interesting, and if it was not quite as frantically paced and allowed for more precise interactions it would be a nice change of pace from strict turn-based play; but as it is it involves the player staring at the lower left corner of the screen, switching between ""heal"" and ""damage"" configurations as the situation demands, unable to actually watch the battle taking place.All in all: a big disappointment that is not worthy to carry the words ""Final Fantasy"" in the title. I might play it through to the end if I have excess free time, but I can't say I'm either captivated by the story or the mechanics of this below-average on-rails pseudo-RPG."
,Recommended,292120,23763968,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sonny,good
,Not Recommended,292120,35116902,Posted: 21 September,all,Mr.Cafe,No.
,Recommended,292120,12429105,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Alchemist firis Mistlud,"Japanese voices ARE INCLUDED!that's a good thing. Originally they were not planned and many people got upset.game is limited to 720P!that's a bad thing. in windowed mode, you cannot expand the game size.you can, however, play in full screen so it's tolerable.if you do not have a 16:9 monitor, the aspect ratio will be wrong and the characters will look tall like giraffes.to make the game look proper you need 2 things:gedosatoborderless gaming 6.5download both these free fixes, launch the game and the game will look normal-play in windowed mode and it will enlarge to borderless fullscreenhowever, there will still be some lag and low FPS issues Square must address properlyThere are not many RPG games on STEAM; this game has some flaws but it looks modern and the action is great.If it's been years since you played a final fantasy, don't pass this up."
76561198047818416,Recommended,292120,12425273,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Songwolf,"Final + Fantasy= Final Fantasy!  Caught my attention at that......and Then LIGHTING!!!!! :DReview may not make sense.. or any at all, but who cares its because its FFXIII and LIGHTING!! ....and friends.. >_>"
,Recommended,292120,12428701,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,[SoW] The Camera man,"Needs to b optimized for Pc users, no settings to tone down the graphics and most of the keyboard controls are unresponsive.The games gameplay and story are probably enough to make you stay though so i would consider getting it."
,Recommended,292120,12431916,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SpiritTheWolf,"Firstly let me be Clear! YES I am aware of the problems that this game has, my only real complaint with the PC version is that you can't window it at least I could'nt the gameplay is slow but because I run off a Triple-Core 2.5Ghz Laptop it's somewhat alowable if a bit annoying and it STILL took a whopping 33 HOURS TO INSTALL and NO!, I am not kidding I use a X-Box 360 comtroller and it right back nastalgia road for me give or take a few frames per secondThis game IS ABSOLUTLY WORTH IT!!!!"
76561198042216589,Not Recommended,292120,34514403,Posted: 26 August,all,Monsieur Coco,"Repetitive, boring."
,Not Recommended,292120,13436637,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MundM,"Don't get me wrong, I love the game, I bought 13-2, I'm not through with 13 but I will early 2015. After about 2 month, they gave us ""graphic options"". The same graphic options you could achive with gedasato, nothing more. No optimization, no sudden random stutters patching, nothing. I give a thumbs up for having FF on pc again, but I give this port and SE a thumbs down because they do not care for our platform because they didn't bother to let someone put hands on the game who knows how to fix the performance issues. Please SE, we want to buy more of your games, please show us that you want to sell them to us.p.S.: PLease all, including Square Enix, read this:http://www.pcgamer.com/final-fantasy-xiii-and-xiii-2-port-analysis-durantes-verdict/#page-1"
76561198030228485,Recommended,292120,12425081,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Covfefe,"Locked at 720P no graphics options to speak off, atleast it's 60 fps.Edit: The reason i only posted about the ""PC Related"" settings is because every single person that has ever played a Final Fantasy game knows about FF XIII it's quite infamous.But to keep it short i have played this game 3 times on my PS3 and i quite enjoyed it, it's pretty boring until you get to the eleventh chapter but after that the combat and game world really starts opening up, i really like the combat mechanic the sad thing is that the game takes way to long to actually build up the mechanics but once you power through the it's truly enjoyable.And having the game at 60 fps makes it feel almost new since it's so fluid, i just wish the would up the resolution the game could look so much better with higher settings."
76561198073817348,Not Recommended,292120,33843291,Posted: 27 July,all,Tomiven,terrible gameplay
,Not Recommended,292120,25560282,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,lysithea_tracer,"Played it for over 8 hours and couldn't keep interested. The narrative was mediocre, the dialog was awful, and the gameplay did nothing new since FF7.Maybe it gets better later on, but any game worth playing should be engaging within the first few hours."
,Not Recommended,292120,31730255,Posted: 13 May,all,Man With No Name,Still better than FFX-2
76561198100344541,Recommended,292120,12431442,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Nomis Ttam,"First of all if you came here hoping for a higer resolution remake then why did you expect that? That's not what Square Enix was doing it's just a port. Also It seems like what a normal port would be anyways so I don't see why people are complaining. The only downside is that there isn't adjustable graphical settings, but it looks fine anyways especially for a 2009 game that was huge and looked amazing for it's time. And do people really want SE to be working a lot on the ports of the 13 games? Because that's just going to possibly slow down the release of Final Fantasy 15 and Kingdom Hearts 3.I could not wait for this game to come out on the PC! I have it for PS3 and was dying to replay it and saw it coming out and steam and I freaked! When I started playing it I saw that the graphics seemed better than what I remember than on the PS3 so that's a plus. The game is amazing has awesome characters and an amazing story. I am a huge final fantasy fan and I really liked this one although being pretty different from the others.Overall I recommend it very much, Looks amazing compared to a lot of games especially for how big this game is, and if you are looking for buying a game you shouldn't decide just on graphics especially when the graphics are still really good.  This game has amazing story, great characters and acting, and is definitely worth its money for about at least 60 hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,292120,26557474,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Watch This,regret buying this for FFVII D:
,Not Recommended,292120,12464694,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Na Yeon,"Far from my expectation. this game is really bored, i've play Final Fantasy for almost 10 year, the 13th is very boring, grapich is outstanding, story is great but gameplay and level system is so bad, why you make this awful game? i get sleepy after play this game for 10 minute, but i never bored to play FF 10 or FF 7, this is bad and very very sucks game"
,Not Recommended,292120,26665358,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FullmetalNinja25,"♥♥♥♥ this game. 1-Dimensional Characters, an awful Battle System, the linear ""Hallways"" that only end like 30 hours into the game. Worst Final Fantasy EVER."
,Not Recommended,292120,23953816,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nine Breaker,"For God Sake, im really need Ali Hillis voice here."
,Not Recommended,292120,13881652,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,I could not find it in me to finish this game. Also realized I find JRPG boring. So my thumbs down is based on my dislike for the genre and story. Also hate 'Hope'. One of the most annoying character ever made.
76561198005950541,Recommended,292120,12430183,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,lima,games
76561198092084033,Not Recommended,292120,12458523,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dont hit me,"another bad games from square, cant use other resolution. Locked at 720p which is bad. dropped fps, although i can play other rpg game with best settings. just good movie but bad game. My recommendation : dont buy this game, its not worth it"
,Not Recommended,292120,21633000,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"Literally the worst and most boring game i've ever played. I will never, ever buy a new FF game again. Urinating on electrical wires would be more fun."
76561198354626197,Not Recommended,292120,29311253,Posted: 16 January,all,alezaheesa,"This is too much! Too much gun violence and over-all Sazh would have suicided himself, which really did not happen!Instead he got knocked out by the fal'cie woman. There are just too much scary sounds of guns!There is no option to mute gun sound effects! I would like an in-store refund, please."
,Not Recommended,292120,12460065,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,RNGesus {Dude},"First things first :Don't buy this game!Now for the details:Gameplay:- Boring auto-play button smashing fight system- extreme linear level tubes instead Open World (14 hours of playtime and not a single city visited)- No consequences for dying (just press the retry button and everything is just fine)- char upgrades are generic and meaningless (since you can buy lots of them at once spending points along linear upgrade paths)- you like to save your game 20 million times? Even after just watching 1 hour of skipable cutscenes? Thats your game!Story:- Boring and stupid characters- Lots of confusing and pseudo-french names without real explanation- endless hours of cutscenesSound:+ Pretty nice soundtrack...- ... but way to few different tracksGraphics:+ Mostly beautiful Cutscenes (That's why this game has 50 GB to download!)+ beatiful sceneries- poor ground textures- forced 720p resolution, no further screen settingsControls:I tested it with my logitech xbox360 gamepad- confusing Camera (tested on all possible settings)+ the rest is fineConclusion:I really regret buying this game for 12€. It's just sad :(.PS: It's worse than FFXII and it's story is even more boring than FFX-II (which was a fun game though)"
76561198042852760,Not Recommended,292120,34465403,Posted: 24 August,all,Fluffybamf,This game is so bad in every way its actually unbelievable a company can make a game this bad.
,Not Recommended,292120,12425298,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ethnic Kekistani,Final Hallway PS3 Emulator 13
,Not Recommended,292120,28158516,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Stoneweaver,"Tl;Dr;Square-Enix made a dreadful port. Unless you plan on waiting forever for them to fix it or for PS3/XB360 emulation (Because if you consider this you're a shameful person) to be possible, I would just play the XIII series on console.Currently looking for a refund where possible. Do NOT pay attention to the minimum specifications - While cutscenes are pre-generated and fixed at 30 FPS, my laptop received 12 FPS on average with anything that had to be rendered. This laptop, with a 2.3GHz Quad-Core APU with the graphics being on the 2015 A6 range with 1GB VRAM is typically expected to run games of this generation on 24-30FPS at the minimum. It runs Skyrim, Fallout: New Vegas and even games such as League of Legends at or above 30 FPS on Medium-Ultra quality, yet it can't handle a game from the same/earlier timeframe without hitting like a stuttering truck.Graphics settings literally boil down to changing between 2 resolutions, a choice of ridiculously detailed shadow mapping that I never noticed and anti-aliasing that cannot be removed, nor made a change in performance between 2xMSAA and 4xMSAA in performance.It's not worth your money. The price of it here is akin to buying it pre-owned three times on console and it even performs better there. Just one example of a game best played on console (Because Squeenix can't learn how to make a good PC port)."
76561198253743502,Not Recommended,292120,32012106,Posted: 27 May,all,Bemused,"one of the worst final fantasy games ever made. Not sure its possible to make a game any more linear than this is. Not a single NPC to talk to during the entire game.Any resolutions above 1080 default render at 720p, complete with frame drops too. Need to mod it to run @4k and downsample.Story is bad, postgame is a joke. Farming turtles ad nauseum is not sufficient postgame content.Even the rose tinted spectacles of nostalgia and a large discount cant rescue this game. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,292120,28510106,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Leo,"the system is just boring, no wonder JRPG is falling back, a leader brand in the market can be that screwed up."
,Recommended,292120,12425532,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,StealthMomo,It ruined my life.
,Recommended,292120,12425750,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"Pluses:Colorful, original plot, unexpected ending , the profound meaning of musicCons:720p, 60 fps9.8/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,28594000,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pandabrururu,"I'm liking this game, but this Asian version only assumed that we all love to play with Japanese Audio + English subtitle. WTF is this weeb♥♥♥♥♥shit? I wanted to play it with english dubbing so I don't have to read the subtitles anymore and you give me this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not all asians are Japanese... at least give us the option to download the English Audio Dub. I don't mind having to download a separate audio patch for that but don't remove it from the base game... geez... Really disappointed, Squeenix.(I'm giving this a version of the game a negative review just because of the language options. I've yet to play the whole game so I will have to reserve my judgement for the main game on a later update of this review.)"
,Not Recommended,292120,23845052,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bluelomida,No
,Recommended,292120,20203827,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Winter Soldier,"I have played many games, But my favourite games are Final Fantasy series. It's a tale which is more interesting than other classic role playing game. I really recommend this game to every one."
,Not Recommended,292120,20047629,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Anal Plunging,gay
,Not Recommended,292120,25597124,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,KingNibs,You'd need a lobotomy to appreciate this game
76561198058618065,Not Recommended,292120,30068225,Posted: 20 February,all,Enzo_TheSniperDoggy,"Being unable to play the game a second time, since the PC port is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage, seriously its not hard to not lock a game to the insanely old directx and vertexshadow programs. This game would unlock all resolutions after changing to fullscreen, but once i did that i would get the error that vertexshader is not supported. What a joke that this game is so old it cannot run on a modern day pc. Refund requested"
,Not Recommended,292120,26406980,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ant,Bad game
76561197960383687,Not Recommended,292120,23765283,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tsuky,Very (very !) bad Final Fantasy when you compare with those done before.
,Not Recommended,292120,33198585,Posted: 3 July,all,chroniko,a hideo kojima game: sid meiers tom clancys tony hawks american wasteland vs capcom turbo a telltale game series final mix warmastered game of the year edition featuring dante from the devil may cry series
,Not Recommended,292120,30614452,Posted: 19 March,all,Nagito,"no english audio for asia version. what bother me is the subtitles sometimes dont match with the correct translation of japanese audio. Better played the pirated game of ROW version, and I'll do it for the next FF13 trilogy."
76561198195926647,Recommended,292120,19083113,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,jrock5557,this is a fun game and the graphic updates make it even greater iv been playing final fantasy since playstation 2 and thhis 13 is just another to add to the classics
76561198096268424,Recommended,292120,12962654,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,antieeQQ,"I like this game alot eventho it is very linear until chapter 11.Beatuiful scenery and very good audio.Had no performance issues, and for me, running in 720p didn't bother me at all. Still looks great!Would not bother playing this without a gamepad.Imo it plays best if you go for 100% since just running the story would be a little challenge and the hardest(most fun) fights are 5staring some of the later missions where you actually have to think about what equipment/battle team you bring.specs:Processor	Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3570K CPU @ 3.40GHzVideo Card	AMD Radeon HD 7700 SeriesMemory	        8.0 GB"
76561198043435107,Recommended,292120,19203585,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Jacklives,"Disclaimer: This was the second final fantasy game I've ever played (After 3 for DS) so I can't justifiably compare it to the all-powerful 7 since I haven't gotten to it yet. I also feel like this game should be reviewed objectively and not in comparison to games from completely different consoles and storylines.I personally thought that this game was absolutely fantastic. It had a great story, immersion, characters, and combat.The story revolves around a group of people branded with a destiny they do not understand (big surprise for a JRPG). However, the story and characters were so well-executed that- while I was confused by details inside the game universe (l'cie, fal'cie, etc)- I focused moreso on the character development. If you get confused like I did, there is an in-game datalog that explains all the concepts and lore really well!In terms of exploration and immersion, this game has fantastic scenery and music. Monsters and enemies are designed well and require you to take certain tactics in defeating them. However, if you think that linearity in game maps is a sin to humanity and completely unacceptable, then you'll probably not be happy with the first 3/4 of this game. I personally don't mind because even though most RPG games are open world, I usually find myself just going linearly to each objective anyway. Also the story involves the characters RUNNING from being captured so it makes little sense to be able to explore anywhere you like with no sense of urgency. There is an open map towards the end of the game with side-quests and activities you can do which was enjoyable.Combat is a mix of turn-based and real time where you have an ATB gauge that fills slowly over time. You can shift the duties of each member of your current 3-person combat team with a paradigm shift. Party members can switch to healing, tank, damage, buff, and debuff roles. Boss fights and some normal encounters require you to frequently switch and I found this combat system to be refreshing and engaging. It keeps you on your toes but also doesn't deter you from trying again with a different approach.TLDR: Great characters, presentation, and combat. If you think linearity is completely unacceptable in any video game then you should still play this anyway since the next 2 installments in the franchise are open. One of my favorite games.(Also ignore my steam playtime because I've completed this game on 360. I haven't played the PC port enough to concretely say that it's fixed now but I haven't run into any issues yet besides having to make some adjustments in the launcher.)"
76561198072661707,Recommended,292120,18785380,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,drunkenraptor887,Most Underated FF gameWhat this game lacks in in in openworld gameplay more than makes up for in fantastic story and remarkable characters.  The summons were amazing. The graphics and enviroments were beautiful and grand and ground breaking for the time this game came out.  The gameplay was fun and the leveling up system was fresh and refreshing.10/10
,Recommended,292120,18783291,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ZZZZZZ-,Game was enjoyable if you can ignore the extreme linearity.
,Not Recommended,292120,18805157,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Krilik,Within the first 15 minutes it was like watching a movie. What kind of game literally plays its self?
,Recommended,292120,13648414,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Commander,"I waited for them to iron out the PC port kinks (and for FFXIII to go on sale at a good price) before buying and playing. That being said, I'm glad I waited and even more so that I bought it. It's really a great game and any Final Fantasy fan should grab it while it's on sale. The PC Port is great."
,Not Recommended,292120,18818725,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Steven Reid,"I tried to like this game but I just feel the dip in quality of final fantasy games over the years.  This may be the most linear final fantasy game I have played and that would be ok if the story was  in someway decent.  The combat is repetetive and not to my liking I always was more fond of traditional turn based combat.  This games combat system lacks the strategy the older final fantasy games had.  The characters are a mixed bag, Lightning is a great main character.  But every other character feels forgettable.  I wouldn't say its a horrible game i mean its not a broken glitchfest.  But I can't give this game anything better than a 5/10.  It's a passable game with a great main character."
76561198103041113,Recommended,292120,18979825,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,cecil harvey,"a great game , the music  , the art design , and a badass character like lightning make me love the game"
76561198122219810,Recommended,292120,19454832,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,xxxHolics,"Contrary to what critiques said, I found this game superbly entertaining with memorable and heart-warming ending to close the journey."
,Recommended,292120,30640915,Posted: 20 March,all,Thots,"A very good underated final fantasy game!In my opinion is the best of the Lightning Series.PROS:-Combat-Characters-Skill Tree-Roles (Com, Rav, Med etc.)-Story-Chapter 11-Side quests-Difficult-Itens and upgrades-Baby Chocobo-Graphics-SoundtrackCONS:-Lightning isnt the best protagonist-Story can be too confusing at the beggining-Isnt open world-Linear to hellDefinitely worth a try, this game and this port aren't bad at all. Dont listen to all these negative reviews, its a good final fantasy game after all!"
,Recommended,292120,19380316,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,myrkur21,I just wish the controller was fully supported. it would make it 10x better and worth the money
76561198115334923,Recommended,292120,13842318,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Noire,it so great !!!
,Not Recommended,292120,13527994,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,InfinityBlade6,"unitll this game gets its♥♥♥♥♥♥together i give it zero 0/10 Lightnings.but in all seriousness its a poor port and laggy as ♥♥♥♥. dont buy it until you see lots of people saying its fixed.Do you know what happens when you hit the ""Esc"" key?? it exits the WHOLE game, whoops you accidently tried to pause the game, well ♥♥♥♥ YOU game is closed.yes i am 100% aware of my play time being well under an hour. but ive seen all i need to see"
76561198077092084,Recommended,292120,13528476,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,supergayguy,"Things I liked about the Game:-Looks Beautiful-One of the annoying characters has character developement and becomes chill-Somewhat of an easy game-Really enjoyed the time spent playing itThings I disliked about the Game-Annoying characters-linear game for the most part but for some reason i still enjoyed the game-When you press the ""esc"" button u expect to go back but instead u leave the game. They have fixed this problem tho.... so dont worry. Now the game asks u a second time if u really want to quit.-There were many things i disliked about the game but its worth the buy.And YES I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR U"
,Recommended,292120,13528542,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,alky,"After the December update, this port to the PC is great.  I love being able to use the original Japanese voices instead of English.  The keyboard + mouse controls are great as well.Already purchased XIII-2 and waiting for 3."
,Not Recommended,292120,13529851,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,xNECROx,"Many of the reviews seem to be that ""the port is good"" but lets not ignore this game being one of the most boring games ever invented. If you are used to bioware/american style RPGs, you will be baffled by the utter lack of decision making while playing. If you are used to even quasi-linear J-RPGs like Bandai's Tales of series or previous Final Fantasy - still don't worry about thinking. The game is literally ONE long hallway for a majority of it. I heard there is a more ""open"" area FAR FAR later in the game but be ready to run straight on one-way paths, fighting pre-ordered creatures and choosing to goto dead ends for some minor treasure. The story has very little explanations or backstory - without reading datalogs don't ever even try to explain or understand any of the terms or geography within the world. With no overworld, there is no ""feel"" of any connection between any location - just long hallways with different music and backgrounds. One of the game's developers defended the incredibly linear, boring exploration as it allows the player to just ""focus on the story"". I'm sorry but does he think gamers are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they can't acknowledge a story while playing a game?Positives-+Graphics are great, obviously.+Music is quite good+Xbox 360 controller works great.+Graphic options are really great.+Combat is a mixed bag but really pretty simplified-the game chooses your best options by default and really you only need to change paradigms(strategies) to heal or buff/debuff from time to time.Negatives-- Feels like a job to play. I cannot stress enough - you are running straight only; I'm not even joking. Mario Brothers 3 had more to explore than this game.- Only 5 main characters, they're all pretty boring and range from annoying to emo.- No towns or even pseudo-illusion that you are in a ""living, breathing world"". It is a huge step back before even Final Fantasy 1. There is no NPCs to give you dialogue or context or illusion that something exists besides monsters just wondering back and forth in groups waiting to be killed.- Items and equipment are boring. I was excited and hopeful with all the components you picked up being interesting for anything(crafting? alchemy? whatever) but nope - they just are inserted into equipment to raise the level of equipment.Final Conclusion :I think Square-Enix secretly wanted to release a Final Fantasy movie for us to watch. To watch the next part in the movie, run straight down a straight line. Rinse and repeat. A beautiful game with great music but the personality of a corpse. Drink lots of coffee with this one folks. I will continue playing the game as I am stubborn to finish it but I am not hopeful."
76561198095795885,Recommended,292120,13530887,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Evangelion,"First of all,this is my very first review...I am big fan of ff series,from ff7 till now,my favorite is ff8 and will be number one in my book.about ff13,i played it before i sold my ps3,and when i seen it coming to steam,i was happy to add it to my libary,recently playing warlords of dreanor,didnt feel like playing anything else,and then powww,surfingthe net found some video of ff15,and when i  saw 13 on christmas sale,that was it :)almost 3 hours of playing was enough,to let you ppl know i love it even more then first time played on ps3..and cant wait to buy 13-2.graphics is ok,think it was better on ps3,but was few years back.i play it on my xbox controller for pc,and feel is like on console.i will fufill my review more,after i finish it,but for now if you thinking of buying it,do it,8 euro isnt that much,for this gem."
,Recommended,292120,12427088,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Yozora_Ai,"Good role playing game, that still have mixed opinion even to this day. If you are looking for deep RPG gameplay like all Final Fantasy games in the past, you might not find it here. However, just leave your body to the flow of the story. Just enjoy the ride without being all irritated by some depth and freedom it lacks then it will be a good time for you.However, I can't say I can currently recommend this port. Since it's in cheap price, I didn't expect developer to fix some console side of things, like textures, controls, UI and stuff. However, things like resolution was definitely workable; simple upscaling could've at least can eliminate serious jagginess. Even if I can look past the resolution side of things, the main killer of this port is the performance. The game simple do not utilize your GPU to smoothly run in promised max fps of 60. It keeps GPU load so low that game keep stutter without any good reason. This is simply unforgivable... I use same monitor for all console and PC gaming, and running PS3 version again works far better than current state of the PC port in terms of graphic quality (PS3 version's AA) and performance. Japanese voicetrack is fantastic, but this doesn't mean much when game runs very inconsistantly.Wait to see if SE come up with fix or someone else does... do not buy this now. I will update as solution comes up.Update : Resolution change is now added, and annoying frame rate mostly gone, this game moved from worse than PS3 to definitive edition to get. Now I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. This game is far from perfect, but it's definitely best way to experience especially at current price level."
76561198052235978,Not Recommended,292120,16832769,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nidas,"I haven't finished the storyline as of yet, but with the amount of information that I have gained i feel like I can do a little review. I will just point out that I normaly like the final fantasy franchise, but this game have just been a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥The story is getting a little better overtime, but i don't think that you should have to play a game more than 20 hours before it gets from total trash to just a little better than trash.The battle system is also a step back compared to it's predecessor. It looks nice, but I just don't really like it at all, the same goes for enemy engagement system.so...i can not recommend this game, but if you are gonna buy it i recommend that you use a console controller, it is not really designed for the computer(mouse and keyboard)."
,Not Recommended,292120,18112712,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Brave Shine,"Final Port 13The game was already bad enough but then again i purchased it twice so im dumb i guess its not bad, but definetly isnt good, its OK but good cutscenes, basically a movie. there are about 8 hours of cutscenes in this game and it makes up half the size"
,Recommended,292120,18109174,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,j0ny_brav0,A good linear jrpg.
,Recommended,292120,18316887,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,D Money,"Ultimately, whether or not you like this game falls to how you like the story the game is trying to tell. I thought it was a really good story that may not have been told as effectively as it could've been (too much reliance on jumping back and forth and keeping the players in the dark about certain aspects of the situation, and throwing too much invented terminology at you at once make it more obtuse than it needs to be.) There are many people who disagree. The battle system is interesting, and it gets really difficult later in the game, but I'm not entirely happy with the way the equipment upgrade system works or the way you never really seem to make a reasonable amount of money playing the game normally. This is an OK port, especially now that they've patched it to support higher resolutions (the launcher is ugly and shouldn't exist though.) If you think you'd like the story which is this weird high-conecpt sci fi tale about humans living in a floating bubble protected by demigods and their fear of the surface of the planet they're floating over, and you have the time for a lengthy RPG it's worth a shot. If you don't watch a ton of anime though you might want to give it a pass."
76561198116787204,Recommended,292120,17779804,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,jfrenchau,"I'm not going to state what's already been stated thousands of times before.  I will talk about the theme of this game instead.I will start by mentioning that the purpose of the linear gameplay on Cocoon represents society that is isolated away from the rest of the world and the people in Cocoon live in constant fear of Pulse. The linearity of the chapters on Cocoon may represent that this society is very linear, with all its rules and standards, compared to the openess of Gran Pulse. When the player gets to Gran Pulse for the first time, it is a major change from the ten chapters of linear paths that existed on Cocoon.Cocoon is ruled by a city called Eden, which gives this game a strong Biblical reference, like Final Fantasy VII. Later in the game it is learned that both humans and the Fal'cie were created by a god, called Maker, but this god went away after creating the world. This is Deism, which is the belief that God created the world, but left it in the control of humanity and doesn't interfere in it at all. It turns out that the Fal'cie want to bring back the Maker and to do that, they will sacrifice the humanity that is inside Cocoon by killing the being that controls Eden, called Orphan. The Fal'cie's version of salvation is about destroying the world, which is different to what humans have. This is an obvious reference to the doomsday Christians and their obsession with the world ending violently. This obsession with the world ending is a sign of a very twisted state of mind that is about nothing but negativity and doom. The Fal'cie will do this by creating an apocalypse called Ragnarok using one of the characters who originated on Gran Pulse.This apocalypse fails because the characters don't allow the Fal'cie to remove their hope and they overcome the plans of the Fal'cie to destroy Cocoon. At the end of the game Cocoon attaches itself by crystal to Gran Pulse and the citizens of Cocoon emerge from that society that has been isolated from Gran Pulse. What happens in a cocoon? Transformation. That is why this society is called Cocoon, the characters and the citizens are being transformed and emerge out of that cocoon into a new world. The very logo of this game shows Cocoon at the end being merged to Gran Pulse. The game logo emphasizes the rebirth of the world and of humanity.The characters from Cocoon are turned into crystal because they fulfilled their focus, but then are told to wake up and they suddenly emerge from their sleep and find themselves in the new world. This is a very Gnostic theme at the end of the game. The characters spend all their lives in Cocoon, which is about transformation or Alchemy, they resist the will of the Fal'cie and then wake up in the new world, the very idea of Gnostic salvation. The name of the main character is Lightning, as in something that comes from above and lights up the darkness in the world beneath. That is what happens here.The things I didn't like about this game were the following:The lack of shops in this game, compared to every other Final Fantasy game. Shops give towns a lot of personality, which was seriously lacking here. You can do all your shopping over the Internet (or whatever they call their Internet), but it lacks character. The shops in Final Fantasy XII were amazing and I want that brought back.Related to the lack of shops was the lack of towns for the same reasons. On Gran Pulse you feel like you are all alone in the world, except for all the animals that are trying to kill you. The people in the towns and villages give the game a lot of character and atmosphere and that was seriously lacking in this game. Think of every other Final Fantasy, you really felt like you were exploring a new place and were interested in the backstories of the inhabitants.If you are OCD about completing the hunting side missions, it is long and drawnout. What's worse is that most of the missions are in the one large area of the game, and you get very sick of being in this area. There were times when I was about to throw in the towl and move onto the next game.  The hunting sidequest in Final Fantasy XII was long and drawn out as well, but there was a very wide variety of different places, people and stories; you never felt alone, or bored of the landscape.The last major problem I had with this game was the amount of levelling up you have to do if you want to fight the harder bosses. This wouldn't be such a big problem if there was a large variety of places to look at, but you get bored of Gran Pulse. The story of the game only takes 60 to finish, so you can just call it quits then and move onto the next Final Fantasy game. You could argue whether playing the game for another 50 hours or more is worth it, when you will get an extra few achievements."
76561198000401585,Recommended,292120,17781749,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,kaylyn4w4,"I really like the game, but hate the amount of CP it takes to level up to max ""7 million"" I think"
76561198001980312,Recommended,292120,17679548,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Chummy 8,"This was my first Final Fantasy since I finished Final Fantasy 8 back when it was released on the Playstation 2. I didn't know what quite to expect from this game aside from crazy anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and dramatic stares. What I got was a linear JRPG with a pretty good story and great characters. The battle system was a nice change from the usual turn based JRPG standard. In FF 13, the battles are focused on speed and building up chain bonuses which lead to a series of critical hits.I don't come to JRPGs for open world exploration. I come to them for the story, crazy anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and dramatic stares into the middle distance. And I wasn't disappointed in this game. Sure it took me a very long time to play it, but it was a rewarding experience."
76561198103451898,Recommended,292120,17766264,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,新しいパソコン,いいね、このゲーム　:）
,Recommended,292120,17038141,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,superbob94000,Moms are tough
76561198139829782,Not Recommended,292120,17040068,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,scab268,"Dont buy this on the pc, buy it on ps3 or xbox 360 it just doesnt work right."
,Recommended,292120,17047823,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,♥Cammy♥,"Rating: 10/10Recommendations: Anyone who has played previous Final Fantasy, Kingdom hearts, or Devil may cry GamesReview: A Game that I have been meaning to try for a while, just didnt get it at first because I was deciding rather it was actually worth my time. Then i went over to my mom's boyfriend's house and his sister actually let me try a PS2 Version of a Final Fantasy game. Dispite it being an old console, a small♥♥♥♥♥T.V, and the game being released at the year 2000, the graphics wear undoubtably stunning for a 2000 game. when i learned it was an RPG or as most people call Final Fantasy games ""JRPG"", I instantly fell in love with it. then when i tried FFXIII and FFXIII-2 I learned that the FPS for my computer was bad forcing me to fiddle around with the NVidia control panel and download Razer Cortex. But I am EXTREMLY happy I did so I could enjoy the game to the fullest. Not to mention the story/feeling you get from this game made my first hour experience better then i expected it, so in a sense you should buy it ONLY IF you like RPGs or JRPGs or if you are willing to get into RPGs or JRPGs because this game is both a great starting point and a great game overall. It exceeded my expectations ever since that time I went over to my mom's boyfriend's house."
76561198051570812,Recommended,292120,17052707,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Shu Jitsu,"I bought this game upon it's initial 360 release and didn't really care for it. I must admit to you that I did make it to the end of the game but lost interest in completing it (saved and stopped just before the final boss). I simply was not invested in the game. So why recommend this game? I restarted playing from steam's sale. This time around I am invested and took more time to appreciate the story and character  development. Just as with most people saying, the game has a ""hallway"" feel until you reach a particular chapter. Being invested now, it makes sense. It simply follows the script and story nicely. It's not meant to be a race which is what I think most people wanted that rated down because of the ""hallway"" feel instead of being able to have an open world sooner. Had it been an open world, the story would not have worked. Being attacked by a WORLD's army or demigods... you don't have time to 'explore' when you should escape--which is what we're doing in the beginning. Taking my time, following the character development made me realize this game is amazing. FFXIII has it's flaws in battle and other areas but the ""hallway"" is done with intent for the betterment of the game experience, character development, story development and makes it more realistic--pulling you into the story. Hypothetical example of more realistic: ""We need to escape before we're surrounded by an army"". That does not interpret go grind 10hrs worth of levels. SE prevents this type of RPG mentality. MUCH appreciated!Good:+Story development+Character development for ALL playable characters+Personalizing characters to your play style+Variety of character personalities+Graphics are solid today+Difficulty level--some bosses are extreme spikes to challenge your skill (ie.Juggernaut upon initial availability)+Augment/upgrading gear system+No cheap routes to exploit gil/money -- Yes I have/would do it, but I enjoy it's not overly easy to obtain+ Very few things in this game is easy to come by and at times it's unforgiving. Makes you appreciate your successes.+Eidolon battle systemBad:- NPC AI is not consistent in battle (healer hip-to-hip on tank taking AoE damage: ""MOOOOOVE, Hope, GTFO!"" I wish I could pimp slap him at times)- Paradigm shift animation needs to stop, just stop. Especially when 2 of 3 party members are NOT shifting. This has caused a few deaths on hard bosses (Juggernaut with spiked difficulty)- Very few things in this game is easy to come by and at times it's unforgiving. (It's a double-edged sword)In short, if you're rushing, you're doing it wrong."
76561198068073089,Recommended,292120,17054737,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,bobbytegg,"This Game RULES!!There are many haters out there wanting the sameold waysof FF.But I, personally played since FF1, really love how this game evolvesmarvelously(some comments for the bad port which lower fps, thought I didnt notice LOL)The exciting fast-pace battle systemStory rich and beautifully unveiledLinearity is its strong point!This is JRPG you deserve!Lastly,Thanks SquareEnix to bring this game to us PC gamersI had lost hope of playing it long ago (crying in happiness)"
,Not Recommended,292120,17055622,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,imacookie🍪[眠い],"I loved the FF franchise since 7 however, the gameplay in this is extremely dull and not very interactive compared to previous titles. I have to rely on the story and visuals to keep me entertained. I'd rather replay Crisis Core in PSP than this."
,Recommended,292120,17022102,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,brandydog22,"its decent. To the final fantasy series though ""decent"" = wayyyyy below avarage. I was expecting it to at least be techinically advanced, but for pc, its nothing special in that regard. I always loved the story of other FF games I palyed but this one seemed a bit hodge podge thown together. What else? oh the exp/advancement system is again just OK. Nothing special. They just coppied the elements of other games that did a good job ADVANCEING our advancement."
76561197981805354,Not Recommended,292120,17269028,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,echelon8504,I would not reccomend this game not for its game play but for the fact that after 6 hours of game play it decided to no longer work. A week later I fixed it! after another 6 hours It decided to stop working again and I couldn't get it to work after that!
76561198154173055,Recommended,292120,17272347,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,FrostyPen,"This game is pretty decent, the story is okay and the games runs smoothly for me. Once in a while the game would have a glitch where the mouse is shown while you play the game. I think this game is for people who is likes final fantasy games that has fast thinking, and a liner story.7.9/10 it's decent"
76561197988077759,Recommended,292120,17336600,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,danny_maland,"Yes, this title is everything good you expect from Final Fantasy: Staggering production values, an interesting iteration on the battle system, a final battle against a thingamabob that classes in the ""deity"" range (that's NOT a spoiler - that's Final Fantasy), ""Crowning Moment of Awesome"" FMVs...you get the idea.I mean, you really can't go wrong with having Liara T'Soni leading a ragtag band of adventurers that includes a tougher, tattooed callback to both Yuna and Rinoa.It's a very good game, but it doesn't cross the threshold of being a great game.To start with, the soundtrack IS nice, but it's also pretty forgettable. The games scored by Nobuo Uemtasu have all had wonderful melodic themes for different areas and characters, themes that stick with you for over a decade. That tradition seems to have been slipping (quickly) since the days of ""Final Fantasy X.""Another thing that seems to be wanting is the handling of the game's emotional core. ""Final Fantasy"" is about living a story, and for that to be good, you have to be emotionally invested in the characters. While ""XIII"" is noticeably better than ""XII"" in the department of characters that naturally develop a story, it still doesn't rise to the very high bars set by ""VII,"" ""VIII,"" and ""IX."" Part of the problem seems to be the seeping in of melodrama and semi-awkward ""motivational speech"" monologues. This kind of almost over-the-top characterization is helpful in cartoony or sprite-based games, where the onscreen ability to emote is limited. However, in a much more realistic game, it seems awkward and oversold. Some of the really dramatic moments ARE handled well (and even wrenchingly), but there are plenty of others which get too syrupy.Lastly, the game suffers from an inconsistency problem. ""XIII"" establishes very early - through basic gameplay, tutorials, linear level design, and so on - that it's basically holding your hand through everything. The difficulty curve is shallow. You spend a lot of time being able to explicitly see just how far your characters can develop for any given area....and then the game opens up, and starts presenting abrupt (and mountainous) difficulty spikes. These spikes don't convey a sense of your party being underdeveloped, because they are intermittent. This is especially bad at the deep endgame, where a party that was basically fine in the face of the increasing difficulty is suddenly inadequate for the (very tough) penultimate battle.This is all compounded by an equipment upgrade system that is both incredibly vague and very slow: You can buy upgrade items, but money is very hard to come by. You get upgrade items as loot, but loot drops at a slow rate - and most of it is pretty mediocre.Further aggravating the problem is that ""XIII"" DOES provide opportunities to get really good equipment and character development, but those opportunities are presented through Cieth Stone missions. The missions occur at the point in the game where your character progression cost goes up exponentially, and they don't telegraph a sense of being all that important. (The missions you're likely to go on are the low-level ones - of which there are plenty - and they mostly amount to a battle against a marginally tougher enemy that results in marginally better rewards.) The problematic message from this is that you're not really gaining anything from doing missions that you wouldn't otherwise, so you might as well move on. As such, you miss out on the real benefits of the mission system. It takes too long to see any real rewards.You could say that this is also a pacing issue.The flaws aren't fatal, though. ""Final Fantasy XIII"" is still pretty dang cool, and easily consumes tens upon tens of hours. Optimizing your battle tactics is a loop that manages to remain engaging most of the time, and the gameworld is intriguingly mysterious. ""XIII"" isn't the brightest crystal in the series, but it's a very long way from just being some dumb rock."
,Recommended,292120,17339652,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,PapaJack,"Cool combat moves by Claire Farron, cool outfit by Claire Farron, cool swords by Claire Farron, catchy way of walking by Claire Farron, and beautiful angry-face by Claire Farron.*Claire Farron a.k.a. Lightning."
,Recommended,292120,17345772,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Havoctheend,"Six heroes challenge fate as the game locks you into a fast paced battle system, over 100 hours of gameplay and a detailed rich story."
,Recommended,292120,17801455,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,McLovin,"This is my 3rd playthrogh of the game and my 1st on the pc, The storyline hardly makes sence in thease game but the leveling system is really addictive, whould recomend XIII-2 after playing this game"
76561197995502836,Recommended,292120,17635271,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,正義的騎士,"This game is a work of art! Very visually appealing for those with a decent rig to display this masterpiece. Didn't know much about what was going on at the start, but over time you develop an idea of what is going on until you eventually have a solid picture of the events unfolding. Well worth buying this game to embark on a magnificent adventure."
,Recommended,292120,17730195,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,DuskDodgers,Easily the most well lit hallway ever.But nah for real this game was super worth it 10/10
,Recommended,292120,17734478,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,>_,"This game is really good,+ Good Story+ Good grafic+ Good Cinematic+ Good battle:D"
76561197999523506,Recommended,292120,17639732,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Crimson,The story is predictable. The characters are mostly annoying and somewhat underdevloped. 90% of the narrative is corny and repeatitive but like most Final Fantasies the ark of the story is strung together in that last 10%. It's in this fraction of game that the narrative is truly worth it. This in combination with the excellent and addictive combat mechanics make this another successful Final Fantasy.
76561198079014157,Recommended,292120,17722066,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Xale,"It's a very beautiful game. Fun to play for a while, but it gets boring later. The leveling isn't like anything I've seen before, and while it's unique, you need to grind A LOT if you want to get anywhere later in the game, which was probably the biggest turn off for me. The combat is pretty cool, and really difficult at times. You really need to strategize if you want to win. The part that annoys me the most is that you can't move during combat. The healers tend to breathe down your sentinel's neck, which causes them to be hit by any attack that can hit more than one target, which is most attacks in the game, which gets them killed so they can't do their job. Yeah... The AI could be better. Just be stocked with hundreds of potions and phoenix downs, especially if Hope's in the party, that little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goes down if you look at him funny. If you can put up with how painfully linear the game is, be my guest."
76561198041658841,Not Recommended,292120,17699104,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,minicheum,"The game graphics are gorgeous, the combat system is really well thought, dynamic and catching, the cutscenes are revealing a deep story.But the action is just walking in corridors, killing trash mobs while jungling a litle with the different roles availble for longer combats. The gameplay is actually extremely limited, exploration and secrets are non-existent: your run from one pack of mob to another mindlessly, hit ""enter"" to trigger the AI auto-attack, and from time to time you hit ""tab"" to select a medic or support role for the longer fights. And that's it, for hours on, enter, enter, enter, tab, bottom, bottom, enter, enter. The only joy you get is when summoning your eidolon characters to have access to some animations during the fight.The leveling system with several branches is interesting, but it's not a decision-based RPG levelling. You will have to unlock every single node of every single tree of every single caracter because the game forces you too. You need to advance through the chapters of the story to have access to higher tiers of a role, or to another role to spend points on, and the game is designed so that you will get exactly the XP you need to max out everything that has been made available to you.You could decide to level a specific role first, knowing that you will have maxed everything at the chapter end boss, but then again you don't even decide what characteristics you develop, HP, strength and magic nodes are scattered evenly accross all roles and are set on an obligatory path. Yes you will need to unlock that +3 strength node while levelling your medic role, even if it's completely unrelated to it.There is an XP system on weapons. Not on use though, nor on kills, no no. You need to level your items at a shop by sacrificing components into it. Components that you loot on mobs and that you can buy directly at the shop. It's a money sink, and it's entirely unnecesssary for progression.So long as you keep them going through the fights, you have absolutely no control over what the characters do. The story is narrated without your opinion, the rare PNJ you encounter are just decorum, there are no quests. The world is just one long corridor filled with pack of mobs and interrupted by cutscenes showing the story just alike a beautiful FF movie. But the fight against mobs gets boring, it's just a grind, I'd rather be watching all the cutscenes without any user input."
,Recommended,292120,17867232,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,2Sugoi ToLive⎛⎝Teletha⎠⎞私はかわいいです,best game in the wurld
,Recommended,292120,17841066,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sqwares,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,292120,17839796,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Good Guy Rafiki,Horrible framerate. Otherwise a good game. Such a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OPT tho. if you enjoyed it on console you'll probably enjoy it here as well.Other than the framerate there's really not much else to complain about.
76561197978660774,Not Recommended,292120,17539714,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bunny,"I really tried, the cutscenes are really beautiful, but JRPG's really rean't my thing."
76561198208244859,Recommended,292120,17174795,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,reekuan5265ufbest,this game cannot translate langauge from english to chinese???i saw that the subtitles can change to chinese???how to fix it?
,Not Recommended,292120,17178916,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Medioprah,"This game can be viewed from two perspectives, loving or downright cynical, of which I chose the latter, and a wall of text to boot. Consider yourself warned.GameplayThe gameplay in this game cannot really be related to any other game. It is by definition linear, with movement in one direction at all times (unlesss you're a straight thug, in which case you'll hit a wall you disrespectful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.). This means that your combat is also limited to certain amounts of enemies. This corridorlike design exists in order to put an emphasis on combat and story, which would have been acceptable if both of those were good. By chapter 5, you most likely will be wondering why you used 50 gigabytes of download space just for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥movie and a hallway with monsters. Don't get me wrong, I can understand the linear gameplay. However, with a totally linear game, there should at least be a superb plot to compensate. The combat at least is enjoyable (at times). Sometimes it will have you relishing a victory after a hard-fought boss and feeling fulfilled. Most of the time, it will feel like a flashier World of Warcraft grind.PlotThe plot is most definitely the least enjoyable part of this game. The game is linear, and people who praise the game will say it is to ""emphasize the plot"". The plot spoken about consists of characters about as deep as a kiddie pool. There are so many other games with such deep meanings AND nonlinear, gameplay, yet this game fails to nail either. The game is abssolutely riddled with cutscenes, yet unlike a title like Metal Gear Solid, where the cutscenes tell everything about the plot, you most likely will just find yourself referring to the Autolog, which essentially exists as a TL;DR for the plot to compensate for Square Enix's atrocious writing team. Essentially, Square decided to sacrifice every trace of its characteristic open worlds to emphasize an already boring, monotonous, and predictable story.PresentationFinally, the area where this game truly stands out. While walking through not-so-vast expanses of glorified hallways, temples, and generic sci-fi environments, you are greeted with some of the best 2009 has to offer graphically. To top it all of, the game even supports shoddy 60FPS! In all seriousness, graphically, the game is beautiful. All environments are polished and well done, if not a bit repetitive at times. Although a good portion of this game is prerendered, it still is beautiful. However, the soundtrack is almost entirely forgettable. It is akin to Final Fantasy pop music - forgettable and unremarkable (although they were missing a key composer in the franchise). This game may have a mediocre plot, but those hair physics might just take your mind off it.ConclusionThis game, while failing in some aspects, shines in others. An emphasized battle system and graphical finesse partially compensate for the game's otherwise boring and shoddy plot. I would reccomend this game to someone looking for a game that gives you a fight, not a reason to do so. For those who desire clothes on their protagonists and compelling characters, I would say to look for another FF game."
76561198048202509,Not Recommended,292120,17179835,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,AL The Borlan,"I'm a bigger fan of the FF6, 7, and 8....... I only played so much of XIII and I didn't like where this game was going. I would have enjoyed this more if it were 16-bit. I like the old-school kinda stuff. This wasn't for me. So... I recommend, ""No"" For people like me."
,Not Recommended,292120,17069740,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,a001,"Fans of Final Fantasy 7-10 will probably not like this game. The combat is different now and the game is too linear. To quote some other reviews, this is basically a ""hallway simulator"".This was my first FF game so I was determined to finish it. The combat, though different, can be quite challenging, even on easy. It's real time now, and forces you to make use of each character's different roles efficiently and appropriately in order to defeat bosses. Roles and skill progression are interesting and makes combat a little more fun to play around with.The story is decent, but the gameplay is very repetitive for most of the game: run, fight, cutscene. Rinse and repeat. With the exception of one chapter late in the game, there are no side missions, no chocobos, no open world or areas to explore, no mini-games, no story-altering choices. You just run in a hallway and fight and watch beautiful cutscenes.Overall, the game feels stale after a while because you're just doing the same thing for 50 hours. Don't buy this game if you can't stand running in an enclosed hallway the whole game. The combat dynamics is the most interesting thing in this game, and really, the only thing you look forward to is the next boss and the next cutscene."
,Recommended,292120,17160884,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Luneth,Great game. epic storyline. Final Fantasy fans must played it
,Not Recommended,292120,17167529,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ISFI,my pc cant play this game . can steam fix this problem ?.
,Recommended,292120,17198734,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Amazing Kiiwii,This game was full of excitement and feels. I cried on some parts.. but the game was truely amazing and awesome! Mostly loved the graphic and cut-scenes.
,Recommended,292120,17553104,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Maese Mateo,"I just finished it. I really enjoyed it overall, particularly the combat system. The story is insterestig, but the storytelling could have used some improvements."
,Recommended,292120,17557583,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Rallen456,"A good starting point to those who have never played a Final Fantasy game, Final Fantasy XIII is easy to learn but can be hard to master, its story at first may confuse people but if you give the game time it makes sense, the graphics are really good for a game that came out in 2009. The battle system is very fluid and adreneline pumping which is something you should feel from a Final Fantasy game, i recommend this game to those who want to start playing the Final Fantasy series, but wants to sample something before playing the more hardcore FF games"
,Not Recommended,292120,22346105,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,C1awed,"I could have dealt with the linear hallways and complete lack of choices, but there are sections of the game where if you don't perform flawlessly, in the exact method the game wants you do, you cannot progress.Even dark souls had room for creativity.  This game feels like square really wanted something non-interactive, but couldn't make a movie."
,Not Recommended,292120,22346220,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mkaatr,"The game is too linear,No discovery,No NPC to talk to,It feels like the game engine and design was a prototype that has been improved later on, resulting in XIII-2."
,Recommended,292120,22388887,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,$teamed Buns,"i played a couple hours. eh its alright. just playing, every minute i played of this game felt like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with your highschool crush and your pornstar crush with a side of mellow cocaine. to sum it up, i came twice"
,Recommended,292120,22523684,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Big Balls Billy,"Game is just worth it for lightning alone. Great CGs, I could stare at lightning's lips for hours and I can imagine touching those thighs without getting tired of it for decades!"
,Recommended,292120,21679868,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Keiro,"First of all, I never played any single player Final Fantasy game before this one (only played Final Fantasy XIV which is an MMORPG), so I can't compare this game to the other final fantasy games.I'm still just scratching the surface of the game, but one thing for sure, the combat is sooo much better than I expected it to be. (Generally not fan of JRPG combat) I really like the that you are constantly under preasure to execture commands fast, and think about what to do next.So far I enjoy the story and I can't wait to find out what's going to happen next, but I can't really judge the story porperly before I finish the game.One thing for sure, I'm in love with Vanille, simply one of the most amazing characters I've seen in a while. <3I wish if the PC port was better (Hitting ESC resoults in a pop up window, that asks you if you want to quite the game, really?) but at least it runs ok, I didn't notice any serious frame drops.-----------------------------TL;DR: So far I'm enjoying the game."
,Recommended,292120,21681282,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sakai,Nice game with perfect guide by jduecker0609 (gamefaqs)~
,Recommended,292120,21715123,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Purpose,Lightning is the best
76561198065766937,Not Recommended,292120,21608105,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,CainM101,"Well, It's a very boring game.I like story and I like RPGs,  I don't like this.  It took a lot of effort to get where I ended up in the game and I lost all desire to play it.  It wasn't some silly plot twist or just unbeatable battle, I was just very disappointed by the super-linear progression and the reather flat characters.Maybe I'm getting old and hitting that point where I don't understand what ""kids these days"" like in a RPG but I can say that I wasn't a fan.The game really felt like it did everything it could to remove open world exploring, I went in blind hoping that the first dungeon was the only part that felt like that but, well, lets just say it's an awfully long hallway with paths that either dead end or rejoin the very long hallway.Someday I will really try to beat this game and get to the end but I dont think that is going to happen anytime soon."
,Recommended,292120,21752532,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Veggen,Great game!
76561198006022055,Recommended,292120,21558359,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ToughLuck,It was ok
,Recommended,292120,21562112,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DokMurda,"The game is worth it if you pick it up on a steam sale.  70/100-I had no technical problems like others had and the game is fantastic graphically.-Like others have said, it's not your typical FF game, but I was going into the game knowing this which lowered my expectation.-The storyline actually was pretty good although the ending was kind of thrown together in a way.  Character background and why they came together was done well.-If the game's battle system was actually more interesting I would have thourougly enjoyed the game.  The paradigm system was fine, and at times enjoyable, but in order to effectively kill mobs and bosses you often just hit auto battle and switch up the character roles when needed....that's it.  I enjoyed being able to customize my characters and choose skills in previous FF games rather than having fast paced auto battles.-The ""upgrade"" a weapon and armor system is complete crap.  Throughout the game you get items after killing mobs  although somewhat rare.  These are used to upgrade your characters items.  However, they don't actually tell you what the do: if it is a multiplier or straight xp injection etc.  Also, it seems like you have to focus specifically on weapons unless you want to farm at the end of the game.  It doesn't seem like upgrading weapons was encouraged quite frankly until the end.-New weapons oftern were useless.  I think I changed my weapon once per character and just upgraded from there.  No new weapons ever compared to my upgraded versions which made them obsolete."
76561198032080995,Not Recommended,292120,17068129,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Valektra,"GTX970, quad core I7 3ghz, SSD, 16gb ram, runs like total crap, even on minimum settings.  If you like watching a very pretty slide show, get it.  If you want to play an RPG..... I'd look elsewhere."
,Recommended,292120,21664284,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Riyo,Gorgeous graphics.Works well with keyboard and mouse.
,Recommended,292120,21529029,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,gauckelnder_narr,b(^w^d)
,Recommended,292120,21614352,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Stellar,"This may be the slowest pace game I've ever played thats not based off of real time i.e. Animal Crossing. Hell the ""tutorial"" took me 15 HOURS to complete. I didn't even know I was still in it. IF you have the patience to work through that then the game really opens up beyond that point and the game becomes pretty decent.For a game that came out 7 years ago it's graphics are stellar, easily amongst the best I've ever seen. Many times throughtout the game I had to stop and simply admire the scenery around me.Storywise it's about as convoluted as one could get. I think I was in a fever dream when I finally figured out what the story was supposed to be about. Characters are pretty forgettable except for Lightning and that's solely based off her design.Gameplay wise early on is extremely repetative as you have the characters have so little to play with and the auto battle system is a huge turnoff for most people. Important to note that not using the auto battle function and  selecting abilities and targets for yourself is more rewarding as the system doesn't necessarily choose the most effective tactics.In summary:      -Story makes little sense-Forgettable characters-Combat takes a long time to fully open up but once it does I find it to be fairly enjoyable-Beautiful graphics that honestly carried me through a lot of the early gameIf you have saintly patience and are a sucker for amazing graphics and scenery like me then I recommend it. If you don't stay far away as you'll most likely lose interest within the first hour."
76561198024695367,Not Recommended,292120,21614853,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zero,"I'm a final fantasy fan but I this game never ""hooked"" me in. I read other reviews, and they all say that it gets better ""later"" in the game. The problem is that, I always felt like I was waiting to have fun. Once the game actually opened up (20 hours in) it did get better, but I didn't feel invested. The graphics, music, and concept amazing, but the story, characters, level design, and dialog is just so... average.For most players, it's just not worth picking up. I would only recommend this game if you are a HUGE final fantasy fan, and you just want to say, ""Yeah I've played FF13""."
,Recommended,292120,21479955,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,kjennings,"I had this game on the xbox 360 years ago and hated it so much, that I quit playing, but now I am determined to finish where I left off.   On a second play through, I like it a lot more. Mostly because its mind numbingly easy to play, yes the bosses can be difficult at times, but the actual game play is easy so I can veg out after a long day at work.What didn't I like? It's about 30 hours of running down a hallway, filled with scenes of unrelatable and sometimes cringe inducing cut scenes and dialogue.But things I do like: the battle system is a lot of fun, the visual are great, and towards the end of the gameonce you leave cocoonit becomes much more enjoyable, I would say even redeemable (in terms of story and hallway running)."
,Recommended,292120,21503671,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Qelris,"My friends kept telling me to not buy this game, that it was bad. Well, I did what I always do, not listen to them.What I expect from a game from the Final Fantasy series is a game with a decent story. FFXIII brings that coupled with nice graphics. However, the game has its downside(what game doesn't?). It is fairly linear, the battles gets redundant really fast and the upgrade system is just frustating without following a guide.If you're playing games for their stories, then it is worth looking into FFXIII. Otherwise, you should consider staying away."
,Recommended,292120,21567410,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Null`dan,it is AMAAAAAAAAAZING
,Recommended,292120,21839372,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sireristof1332,"It's good, as a veteran that didn't play after XII, the new fighting system was weird, but it's noob friendly, and has much variety."
76561198098069254,Recommended,292120,14404949,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Gabriel Pinto,"As the game currently stands my pc (phenom II X4 3.0ghz with a somewhat old hd4850 1gb) cannot run the game even 1280/30fps locked getting under 20fps in battles due to what the community deemed ""frame pacing issues"". Well I call it ""squeenix issues"" since as my cpu and gpu don't even get to 15% usage while playing and the fluctuating frame rate is obviously due to a really crap port. My specs are way and beyond the minimum but in this game I get worse results than crysis.If you're hip enough to rock a 660 or better gpu (nvidea's gpus run great, whilst for 1080/60 with an ati you'll probably need a 270x or more) I strongly recommend this game, just play it without spoilers and enjoy the more story-driven first half, it's not bad at all.TLDR: Your port sucks monkey balls squeenix."
76561198001344893,Recommended,292120,14406829,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aurianna,Love this game! Having issue with camera though :/
76561197977646410,Recommended,292120,14383332,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,handsofdoom212,"I'm posting this a bit earlier than I would have liked but there is good reason. I put 3 hours in to see where my opinion stands so far. I am an old school FF fan and coming from long time experience with tactics, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10-2 and even 11 I have to say this game has pretty clear merits and flaws.Merits:Graphically, it is beautiful.The storyline is pretty good (only 3 hours so far)Good charactersNice voice acting and interesting characters, though a touch bland so far.Linear, theme-park style game. I put this in merits because I feel it is both a merit and a flaw, but more so a merit in this instance. I like both sandbox and theme but I feel theme works better for this title. Just my opinion.Very good qualityFlaws:Mechanically I am not a fan of this game so far. For the first 2 hours or more you just basically press one button multiple times while fighting.I really dislike the fact that you only control a single person durring battle.No set up like previous games. Some may view this as a merit because you get into the action quicker but I think it's a flaw because the combat is so lack-luster in the begining that you need something to do.No real attachments to characters so far. I think this is mainly due to what I mentioned above. Since I am not setting up my characters with skills or spells or learning new talents to use I feel like I'm just watching a movie and not investing any time into customizing characters.I think quality of graphics may have been the downfall in the lack-luster mechanics. Not 100% sure on this but it's my gut reaction.Overall do I think it's worth a buy? Yes, especially if you get it on sale like I did. It's hard to say if it is entirely worth the moeny spent but so far I think I will enjoy it enough to make it worth it.My first impressions rating 6.5/10EDIT:9 hours in and the combat is beginning to get a bit more interesting. The storyline is what is ultimately keeping me in this game for the most part but it's nice to have some choices in combat now. I wish there were more though, maybe it will open up a bit more later on."
,Recommended,292120,14550493,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dinomanders,Love it
,Recommended,292120,14572844,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WillDaBeast,"Kinda boring until they let you off the rails of the story line. Post game, however, is pretty much what you'd expect from a Final Fantasy title. Tons of sidequests, optional bosses, and gear to collect. 8/10 would give Square my money again."
,Recommended,292120,14556165,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Regis Lucis Caelum CXIII,"While this game is linear in its gameplay, the story is fantastic and soul owning."
76561197972888236,Recommended,292120,14561959,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gallotta,"People who do not like long introductions, tube-levels and being left in the dark to figure stuff out for themselves will not have fun in the first hours of the game. After that it gets better."
,Not Recommended,292120,14563743,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,HansSanitizer,Fix in home streaming. I mean no one picked up a controller and tried to use steams streaming feature with this game?
,Recommended,292120,14544290,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zero,"An amazing game, isn't excelent like the old Final Fantasys but, it has his own things to make it a good game.Good story and good style of ""rpg""The only problem was the camera, it sucks, but it's ok because the game was made to consoles..."
,Recommended,292120,14536944,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,cara ta foda mesmo,"This game has one of the most solid plots in the franchise. Square was really trying something new with the setting here. Yes, the dungeons look like infinite hallways during most of the game, but it's more of a bs that people nitpick to diminish a game that is obviously focused on the story and combat mechanics. I mean, I'm pretty sure no one would waste time or stop in every town if they were fugitives running out of time.With that being said, FFXIII is the first episode of the Fabula Nova Crystallis subseries, introducing a new mythology which is unfamiliar to most. It takes a while to get the story running and understand the terminology, but it is worth it. Your party initially feels like a bunch of dopes, although near mid-to-late game everyone seems likeable when you learn about their background. I won't say much about the story, but expect something that doesn't rely on the general high fantasy setting the series is famous for. For example, war is seem by the population as pointless and magic is something almost everyone fear and despise.The graphics are great (remember the game was originally released in 2009 and uses low resources) and I don't notice frequent slowdowns using a cheap Intel gfx card (so check if your GPU is in power saving mode before complaining), both the textures and models look fine. I'm not saying this is the greatest and most optimized port, but I can't see how playing the PC version would be worse than getting a console copy. It works just fine and you have access to dual audio.The music is equally good, with incredible scores composed by Masashi Hamauzu.The combat system is the point where this game truly shines. Being more fast-paced and closer to a real-time combat than the anterior games, you have to plan your moves carefully, because every role is important. If you neglect chain-building, healing or buffs, expect to die easily. The skill tree and weapon upgrade system are nice additions to the series and help the player get direct to the point, instead of having to farm for a 2% drop rate sword or grind until level 99.FFXIII is not a perfect game, but it is still great. You may not like it, but develop an argument or two before jumping on the ""tis game is a haleway simulator!11!!!!!1!"" bandwagon."
,Recommended,292120,14538323,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,RoxasXenhart,"For years I have personally given this game a bad review, I remember when I first got it for the PS3 and I stood in line at gamestop and when I got home and played it I was just so upset by the mechanics of the game and the story (so much so I never finish it).However, five years later and I have a rather different opinion on this game.The game is an absolute joy, the story is great, the visuals are stellar, and the battle system (while at first glance might seem simplistic) is complex and challenging to master. Final Fantasy XIII deserves a bit more respect than everyone gives it quite frankly and I would recommend it to anyone who has never played it or for someone like me (who hated it originally) a another play through.In terms of the PC port, my experience has been amazing. It makes the PS3 and the Xbox versions look like trash. Consistent 60 FPS throughout the entire game. While some are experiencing frame rate drops and issues, I have had none of that.*The game works well with an Xbox Controller (While a PS4 controller will work, the buttons will be mapped incorrectly. Using a 3rd party tool may fix this, but I ultimately suggest just investing into a wired 360 controller and you're golden. It’s cheap and it works with other X-Input games on steam such as Metal Gear Rising).There is no need to go above [1080/2048x2048/x4 AA] doing so is overkill and you will not notice a difference. You may require a reasonably enthusiast PC for it to run it. I have a 4790k i7/770 GTX/16GB Ram/Win8.1, so with that being said your mileage may vary depending on your specs.In conclusion, buy it. It’s worth the 15ish bucks for 50+ hours of gameplay. (Even for a re-purchase).* Note: The only time I ever DID experience framerate drops were when Google Chrome was opened in the background. Chrome (while unfortunately is arguably the best browser to date) is garbage when it comes to resource management. I just suggest closing everything in the background and enjoying the game to its fullest."
,Recommended,292120,14636453,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Liffe,"This game might be kinda boring untill chapter 11 but if you care more about story than gameplay or you are a fan of Final Fantasy -series, (and your computer can run this game), then you should buy this game.I liked the characters in this game more than other Final Fantasies (Excluding FF9)Took 43 hours to finish and didn't even do all the side missions. Great game 10/10Summary of the characters:Look out for Hope because he's a whiney ♥♥♥♥♥. Seriously.Vanille moans like a little girl getting butt♥♥♥♥ed by tentacles if she takes damage or casts a spell. Might get annoying.Sazh shoots his guns like a professional east side gangsta and it's hilarious. He's funny.Snow uses only fists in a fight and it takes a lot of balls to go and punch a king behemoth in the face. He's cool.Lightning is very annoying at the beginning but she turns out alright. Also she dies all the time in combat.Fang is awesome. You want to have her in your group."
,Not Recommended,292120,12560519,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kameron,"just no, after reach Ch.11 i get bored"
76561198021961759,Recommended,292120,14658234,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,herve71[FR],superbe
,Recommended,292120,14670087,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kitsune,Awesome game! :D
,Recommended,292120,14585378,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dreicenfel,"The game doesn't really start 'till you hit Pulse. After you do though, it becomes a much better game than people will admit it is imo.8/10"
76561198032192085,Not Recommended,292120,14600612,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Madera03,"Usually when you think about whether a Final Fantasy games is good or bad, we then to compare them to the others in the series. This is ironic because unless it is a continuation, the title is the only thing that ties them together.I do not even want to begin to compare this one to any other Final Fantasy. This game is just a massive let down. I read others thoughts on this game and just choose to ignore them, as I like being my own judge of things. 65 game hours later and I still cannot make sense of the story of this game. I honestly reached the last level of the game and said f*** it I am cheating! I just wanted to see the end and see if maybe, just maybe, the ending would wrap up the story like the movie “Lucky Number Slevin” or any of the “Ocean’s 11” type movies.At the end of the day, the only thing I can say is the game has some very beautiful graphics. The battle system is interesting. The music is ok, nothing memorable here. However, the one thing that drives most people to play Final Fantasy games, the story, was either lost in translation or there was never one to begin with.I highly recommend you play something else, I even recommend playing FF12, as this game is just a waste of your time."
76561197964930437,Not Recommended,292120,13782535,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bowerick Wowbagger,"The - writing - is - so - bad.Whatever I write, I could never give it justice.Oh, yes. Everything else isn´t that great either..."
76561197965625370,Not Recommended,292120,15881163,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ThePenisDoctorWho,The story was written by a child and the gameplay is a complete bore.
,Recommended,292120,15924113,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Tom,"This game has a terrific story, but it's just too linear."
76561198141508893,Recommended,292120,14085536,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zail,a
76561197970983661,Recommended,292120,14140560,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ausspika,"so far so good, playing with 4k resolution and it rocks, looks good, no lag, great graphics, great sound, actually gotten furhter into it already than i did back when it was released on ps3, for some reason i couldnt get into it back then< i think i read a lot of the naysayers reviews and kinda gave up . getting back now . d/l it, its worth a look ."
,Recommended,292120,14126685,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ted,This game touch my childish........... with boobs
76561198095195464,Recommended,292120,13535821,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,Better Than Sword Art Online 9-11/420 blaze me bea
,Recommended,292120,13536280,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sempiternal,Lightning was a badass in Dissidia too! :)
,Recommended,292120,12425469,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hannah Montana,"Ask for Japanese audio they said, dual audio doesn't require a bigger download. Forget about any graphics options they said, those things are not necessary!UPDATE: As of the December patch this game runs infinitely better on my system with a minimal amount of tweaks. The graphics options they supplied aren't super in-depth but they're far more than I expected (pretty much any resolution option is supported, FXAA, shadow resolution, etc). I can now, in good confidence, recommend this version of the game."
76561198052650591,Recommended,292120,13574262,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KuL`Voni,WE NEED RUS SUB !!!
76561198100169881,Not Recommended,292120,15847413,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,76561198100169881,"Ultimate Chore, i played the ps3 version and nostalgia brought me back.Don't get this one, get ff13-2. (its not quite as linear, but the bad guy is infinitly more interesting)"
76561198023225267,Recommended,292120,16817797,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kingdavid1001,"Gameplay: 7/10Performance: 4/10Story: 6/10Audio: 9/10Pros: Has aged well for a game designed during the last gen consoles life cycle-The music is absolutely amazing. the kind of music quality you expect from a FF game.- Fun battle system idea that evolves throughout the game.Cons: The port for this game as stated by other reviews is lackluster to say the least-My computer well exceeds the reccomended settings yet I get some massive frame drops to 19-22 fps at some times.- The story is...well...stupid. The story makes almost no sense for a majority of the game, and even after it is ""somewhat explained"" the story is still a little muddy.- difficulty scales weirdly. As someone who enjoys story more than a challenge I decided to playthrough on easy difficulty; however, around 3/4 of the way through the game the game decided to spike in difficulty for almost no reason. Up until this point the game scaled well.Overall- I would reccomend ONLY if you A) Have a upper mid to high tier gaming rig and a xbox controller or B) You want to understand this story before jumping into 13-2 like me."
,Recommended,292120,16827183,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,LancerECNM,"Tight combat, well-tuned encounters, and the best characters the series has to offer.Shame about the story, though."
,Recommended,292120,16830666,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,› Chronodistortion,"Overall very fun, Loads of cut scenes, however they blend well. Gameplay is very stright forward (as in it's pretty hard to get lost) There is enough challenge here to keep you on your toe's. The story in my opinion is a bit foggy but im only about  20 hours in and havent had enough time to really let it sink in. The file size is BS but over all liking it. Never had the chance to play on ps3 or 360 thought i would give it a go. Started out a bit disappointed being that I come from the early days of square RPG's but there is still enough here to keep me playing."
76561198020926450,Recommended,292120,16523980,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dan,"Audio dost not work for final fantasy 13 1 and 2,"
76561198023963343,Recommended,292120,16536882,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KapengBarako,"To be honest..I like FFXIII more than IX,X,XII,VII and VIII...(Okay, I like FFX just as much but Tidus.)*drops mic*cough People always bash FFXIII complaining about it's battle system but I believe it's a refreshing change, also most people complain about it being linear..well for the most part..it is linear (like walking in a straight line for 80% of the game linear) but once you are nearing the end, it opens up...oh yeah..the port did get better...due to updates..but don't expect it to be great..(Game is hard to play with just a keyboard and mouse)Here's what you do before playing an FF game that is of a different universe(FFX IS NOT SAME AS FFXII)Treat these series separately.They all share the same name but not the same universe.So back the topic, treat FFXII as a separate series and you'll learn to appreciate it.My rating69/10..actually make that 68/10 for it's linearity.....wait wait...screw it, 666/10, I thoroughly enjoyed Snow getting pucnhed by ライトニングさんOh yeah..if you're curious as to how..I know how the end game is..even though I've only played 5 hours.......you already know how."
,Recommended,292120,16449798,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kbmyk,"I would have to recommend this to the story lovers of FF franchise but if you like mastering/leveling the hero/character or gear ect... then I have to warn you its not like pre-FF10. Great game short but great story, best story i would have to say out of all the ff12 games. The combat system and the animated movies sync very Well, cant tell when the story intermissions end and when the combat begins so insync."
,Recommended,292120,16453127,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RAINMAKER,"It's pretty. There are a lot of corridors and the locations are kind of bland. I get that. I still like this game a lot. Hope is a terrible character. I get that. I still like this game a lot.The combat is fantastic and once the game actually opens up it gets really good. I don't know if SE needed to make this into a trilogy, but I think it turned out fine, if anything. The FF13 series is enjoyable, but unremarkable. The characters won't really stick with you, and the plot is convoluted, and there aren't a whole lot of lighthearted moments that don't involve Vanille, but I recomend this game anyways."
,Recommended,292120,14734676,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Maximum Beef ラーメン,"First things first, i have played this 3 times on console, so don't let my steam playtime fool you.To start off i'm going to say this is one of the best games in the world to me as a huge fan of ALL the Final Fantasy games, and while the story is not quite like let's say Final Fantasy 7, it's still ♥♥♥♥ing good.This game is long and will keep you entertained the whole time, and while the game really has no reasonable replay value it's just so beautiful and amazing that it can be easily played again.The game starts off very linear for a LONG time, probably will take for tenS of hourS for the first time but then the game expands and becomes optionally non-linear, people who say this game is too linear (which i hear people say a lot) do not choose to do the optional stuff which the game very clearly ♥♥♥♥♥ straight in front of your face.The game has NO cons at all in itself, only cons are in the PC port, it may lag a lot on lesser computers.While i could say alot more good about this game i'm not, because who the ♥♥♥♥ want's to read too much?Conclusion: One of the best games, but a very lacking PC port.Play it!!!"
76561198082325382,Recommended,292120,17926437,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Seph,"Cool game. gotta invest your time if u want to complete it fully. Well the gameplay is fine its just that on battle the way you control the characters is totally different. I tought similar to FF7 or the others but in here not really. the shift of combination of attacks and command is good but on combinations. I believe anyone can have a better combination of commands when they play each character indepent on the AI set of moves. well its a fun game though. well boys hoping to play FF15 on steam soon. Good game, worth it."
76561197997189204,Not Recommended,292120,17937568,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Snake,Boring game mechanicsDecent graphicsStoryline so-soIf you play ff13-2 first and then start with this one this just seems too lack lusterto even bother finishingI do not recommend thisIf you are interested in storyline you are better of watching some youtube playthroughUnlike other final fantasies this is one of the worst ones
76561198014191514,Recommended,292120,17929498,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,terrakz,"Although linear at first, the game opens up with a side-quest system in place.You can get by most of the combat at the start by just auto-fighting but there are many advantages to fighting manually and you definitely need to do so a few hours into the game as the battles get increasingly difficult. At some point in the game you will lose a battle in mere seconds if you use the wrong strategy.The story is one of the greatest and complex in the whole series so far imo. People who say otherwise are too lazy to read the datalogs and listen to the cutscenes.The graphics are pretty good. The strongest point being that the world is very artistic and full of details. The only thing that disappoints me is that I can't run the game at a higher framerate than 60 (using 144hz monitor).Replayability is low because there is nothing else to do except grind for end-game high-tier items to fight the optional super enemies.Recommended due to excellent story delivered with amazing visuals and a high-pace combat system that becomes difficult later on."
76561198058808636,Recommended,292120,17990574,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,jpsraiden,"The story is utterly fantastic, the characters, the villains, the envrinments - The list goes on. I'd probably say this is the best narritive I've ever seen in a video game, I know that's a bold claim, but I loved it and the ending is the best closing moment in a video game ever, hands down, non-negotiable. Also, the game is utterly gorgeous, one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. Don't even get me started on the pre rendered cutscenes....I could literally go on and on about how amazing this game actually is.However.I'd recommend getting the console version of this game, because this port is pretty bad. The game suffers performance issues throughout which really lets it down as an overall package. Having been out for a while now it doesn't look like Square Enix are going to do anything about it either, which is a real shame.This is all my personal opinion, and I know some of you hardcore FF fans will probably disagree with this review, which is fair enough. To anyone who is new to FF or this kind of game in general, I say if you can muscle through the FPS problems, then you will experience something truly unique. Honestly, just try to muscle your way through the performance issues, atleast to witness the ending of the game."
76561198021719505,Recommended,292120,13608819,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,daron_chua,great game
,Recommended,292120,13664297,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rdforsyth,"Looks better than it did on the PS3, and so far no problems like other people are having like lagging, dropped frame rates, etc.As for the game, it took a while to get into.. I didn't like the whole battle system, or the closed nature of the game until nearing the end, but I'm really into it now, on my 2nd run beating the game."
,Recommended,292120,13801670,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,UltimateSWX,"Sure it's not the best RPG out there but it is enjoyable at times and there was a lot of thought and effort put into its design. Unfortunately this game was held back by the limitations of the last gen consoles. Basically what you're getting with this game is a super long big budget movie with amazing production value and special effects but with a somewhat disappointing story in which you have to go into it with a certain attitude to enjoy. The price it has now is warranted to what you get with a lackluster port of a fairly decent game.Pros:-Amazing graphics (especially in 4k ). Stunning visuals and locations across the board.-Great 360 controller support (doesn't support rumbling though)- Intuitive crystarium system and weapon crafting system-Fun, yet challenging battle system (that is if you actually use it instead of spamming autobattle)Cons:-Confusing and convoluted story in which the majority of characters are not likable or relatable in any way. The whole mythical lore of the Fal'cie, L'cie, and Vitamin'cie was a good concept but poorly executed in this particular game.-This particular port is high maintenance and functionality varies among different hardware setups. Some people have to go extra lengths to make the game even run whilst others can play the game flawlessly.-Poor Optimization takes away from the experience in which people with beefy PC setups can't even keep it at a steady 60fps.-Super Linear stages make you feel like your running down corridors for the majority of the game. No towns or npcs to talk to or side quests to undertake (there are Cie'th missions once you reach chapter 11 but it's just hunting down and fighting a certain monster over and over again)-Extremely frugal economy system. Mobs do not drop gil and the only way to make money is to sell specific types of items that are dropped few and far between in chests or by certain mobs. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with but it is necessary for item crafting and leveling. If you put in the time and effort to utilize it then it pays off big time in the end. Leveling up items makes combat 10 times easier and you'll be blowing through bosses like no one's business.Despite the numerous problems this game has, I still recommend it for others to play. This game is certainly not for everyone. The average gamer who spends their time playing FPS shooters or hacking and slashing in GOW or DMC probably won't like it. If you're into JRPGs in general or a hardcore fan of the Final Fantasy series, and are patient enough to learn and understand its basic mechanics, then you will find some enjoyment in this game. My advice to you lovely steam peoples is to do research on this kind of game before buying it (and make sure to buy it when it goes on sale) to see if its the kind of thing your interested in. Watch a playthrough on youtube or read a more in depth review to see first hand what the game is like before you buy."
,Recommended,292120,13823441,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tako_gangster,I'm not very good at reviewing games but here it is.. I love it!I have a small history with this game since I bought 3 times in total...My first Final Fantasy game was 10 which I never finish and still haven't.. (working on it)..I played several after that and didn't really enjoy the majority  of them.. I was convinced at that point that Final Fantasy X was the best in the series..I played 13 originally on the Xbox but I got the Red Rings of DOOOOM and never finished it and to be honest I wasn't really liking it.. It was meh.. I realized I am one of those who loves grinding but in this game it was boring..So I finally bought it here on steam and I must say... MY taste in general must have change because I actually fell in love with the game.. The grinding is still really boring but atleast the battle system isn't too bad.. I love how no matter how hard you grind the enemies are still tough.. seems like its almost pointless in a way xD..This game made me cry and had me sad at work.. for that I say this game's greatest feat was its story...The characters developed really well.. Even Vanille who I really just hate... *deep breath* but in the end she was okay.. so Its not too bad...ugghhhh The story was just so good... At times I kind got fustrated because there was too much gameplay... xDand knowing how much I like to grind.. some chapters dragged onn soo much...So to put in a few words. The game was really good.. In the beginning every character is somewhat boring but they turn out great in the end.. I still have a game crush on Serah :3 curse you snow!!! >:(The battle system in general is unique though i must say most people wont like it.. The grinding is really boring  :(Some parts in the game are also really boring and really unnecessary... I think giving this game a chance is definitely worth it.. I definitely don't regret it at all.. other wise we have different taste in games
,Not Recommended,292120,13824623,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jefu,"I really loved the older Final Fantasy games, but never bought a PS3. When I saw this was on sale, I thought, ""how bad could it really be?""Nope, sorry, FFXIII has completely earned its bad reputation. You literally run down a corridor, hitting the 'confirm' button repeatedly to win every battle. Every once in a while you might use a potion, maybe. If there's anything you can possibly take away from this game, it's knowing the absolute pinnacle of ""style over substance"". There's no game here, it's just a series of cutscenes.I want to hope that Square Enix pulls back from this kind of shovelware. Take a break, maybe, leave FF alone for a year or so, and make a new game when they have a new idea. I'm not holding my breath."
76561198072960263,Not Recommended,292120,13825639,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Seath,"The game has its flaws, But it's a good game. What I really don't like its the general loss of frames during battles. I have a quad core computer and when I deactivate two cores for this game it runs smoothly. Before buying this game be warned that until square enix issues a patch that optimizes this game for AMD and quad core CPUs you'll have a rough ride."
76561198128429833,Recommended,292120,13825769,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BMXiled2010,"Great gameplay, good graphics, good storyline. Have this on another console and it's brilliant to play, you will lose yourself in this for hours on end."
76561198171189605,Not Recommended,292120,13825986,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Asa V,Impossible to get this game to work in a full screen window. Huge disappointment in all :/. After buying the game i checked out some reviews and seems that I'm not the only one suffering this serious issue.
,Recommended,292120,13826215,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,3DS,well worth playing i prefer this version
,Recommended,292120,13829586,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,djecht,"I am really a final fantasy fan,when it's coming to steam i am really happy.i enjoy the game, the story line is good but very boring at start and the pace is slow.guess what, i had issue on chapter 11 in oerba village, when going up to the rusty bridge from the house, i got my game stuck (it freeze with endless loading screen). i don't know why, but it freeze at the same spot every time and i couldn't continue my game. my solution is, i downloaded pirated game, and copied save game from steam. ironically, the pirated worked fine and flawless.i'm a bit dissapointed and at last i finished it with the pirated version. i hope XIII-2 would not do the same issue. i love final fantasy series, and i hope steam will bring FF XV... :pdespite my issue i give good rating for this game.Pros :battle design is goodstory is slow but goodcons :lack of main characterlack of monstert designsoundtrack was not good enough, the spirit of ""nobuo uematsu"" is gonealthough it's not as good as previous final fantasy but it's better than FF 12. final score 7/10"
76561198142321953,Recommended,292120,13521800,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Unkown,"honestly ive played my fair share of square enix games and this is a good game.it gets a lot hate, the main reason is because people cant let go of the old games. this game has amazing visuals and fun gameplay. if you dont like it dont play it."
76561198076687959,Recommended,292120,13893180,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lightning,Great game but make sure your computer can run it or you will get bad fps drops on bosses
76561197977675639,Not Recommended,292120,13741352,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ProDoctoR1987,"Well first of all I'm a big fan of FF IX (on Playstation), completed it multiple times and even got to level 99. I also like FF X (on PS 2) however never ended it, I think the ending is just to dramatic. FF X-II  is a hoax in my eyes, only girls could appreciate something like this.Now about FF XIII, the story becomes clear almost at the end of the game, so you practically play the game but how and why is something for chapter 10 and onward.The battle system is very easy, you only actively control 1 party member instead of 4 and that is also automated so in my eyes this game is a walk in the park compared to FF9. Sure you have to train to get strong enough but I mean pushing auto 95% of the battles is making this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my eyes.The lack of even being able to command your party to attack 1 specific target ( under all circumstances) makes it more difficult (or just inefficient).Status ailments is something I missed even in FF X , the enemies only occasionally use it and your party or potions can cure almost always making it more something like ohhh a party member has an ailment is it worth healing him or not because most of the time the battles are over very fast or your healers cure it automatically.It's all much easier than I expected, leveling is like in FF X and you get those grids again where you can eventually learn everything making it absolete with wich character your even playing so you lose another strategy/story point, there is no leader, no magic guy, no healer, you can just do whatever you want with each character.Every member has an eidolon but you only get a couple of them near the end.There is just so much missing of actual gameplay and things that make it more enjoyable and demanding, mostly it's automated fighting, running around and get a couple of spectecular movies, this game is almost a shooter regarding to gameplay if you ask me.So overall I'm sitting right in the middle with a tendancy to negative advice and sorry but the battle system and battles are terrible regarding to FF IX."
,Recommended,292120,13882158,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Goofy,"Hands down I would rate this game 10/10. This is Square Enix at their best, both graphically and functionally. This game uses a paradigm combat system that really changes up the Final Fantasy gameplay. Your characters have classes which have certain bonuses, and can either attack, defend, or support. The game itself is comprised of 13 chapters of extremely in-depth story.Pros:+Very in-depth story, with noticable character development+Unique and tactical style of gameplay+Smooth animations+Amazing scenery+Some very epic cutscenes+Epic fighting+Lightning and the other playable characters are all beasts+No real need to grind for the first 9 chapters+If you die or choose retry in battle, come back just outside where the fight was, spare a few battles+Has Cactuars and ChocobosCons: (Note that most of these are minimal and some were of Square Enix's intent to make the game more challenging)-Abilities are specific to class-Healer has no offensive moves, compared to other FF games-Once you hit chapter 9, the game begins to slow down a lot-Heavy grinding from chapter 10 on-Auto-attack and combat AI systems can cause fatal mistakes on occasion-Some enemies are stonger than it seems like they should be-Linear gameplay-A few achievement bugs-1080p quality resolution does not display additional information on enemiesSince the combat is so addicting in my opinion, I can't say that the grinding is a bad thing, the only things that really bugged me were the auto-attack and combat AI systems because as a healer it may heal an ally instead of yourself, causing you to die, or your allies might perform the wrong ability, making the fight tougher than it needs to be. The additional information on enemies would be helpful for me if I could view it, but I prefer the challenge of having to learn my enemies' attack patterns.The biggest con though, is the incredibly linear gameplay. This game is always directing you where to go because there is only one path to follow. Other than that, I believe the other cons I noted to be of Square Enix's intent.For all you Final Fantasy fans that haven't yet played FFXIII yet, Lightning is basically the female version of Cloud from FFVII with Leon's gunblade from FFVIII. I can't think of another way to describe her better than that."
76561198025214377,Recommended,292120,13541663,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,luzonfe,great game in the series.it feel too much that it don't let you choose your path but it like all the game in the series in this point(hope it will change in the future).the graphics in the game amazing and i belive it will take me at less 50 hour to finish it.
,Recommended,292120,12730670,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[GS] mov,Bad port with full of problems. Couldn't play it at all. ESC just quits. Camera rotates all the time and can't do anything about it. Check forums before buying.UPDATE: After latest update and that I bought cheapest logitech gamepad and after all that I got it to work in enjoyable level. I haven't played this one to the end (yet). However now I will change my recommendation to yes.
,Recommended,292120,13550370,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Smug,Toriyamas waifu simulator
,Recommended,292120,13554130,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Boppaflopalopagus,"Pretty good movie,24fps for more cinimatic feel.Port needs work, but it's playable."
,Recommended,292120,13807985,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kremz~,"Awesome,Just fantasy!"
76561198137828756,Recommended,292120,13809747,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cloudmighty <[MM]>,"There's a lot of negative reviews of this game, specifically pointing out the linearity of it and the quality of the PC port. While some of those critiques are valid I feel compelled to atleast offer a defense for a game I've grown to really enjoy after a number of play throughs on the PS3 version.While the game's definately linear (especially for a Final Fantasy game) the combat does get far more interesting as options for more deep customization open up later in the game. The story - while convoluted and somewhat hidden behind a lot of ""datalogs"" or in other words, through reading, is very unique. Unfortunately the confusing nature of it is most likely to put a lot of people off.The visuals are stunning and with the recent patch fixing most of the porting problems I'm comfortably playing this game at a steady 60FPS. The PS3 version I remember frequently dipped below 20. Final Fantasy is normally famed for its music score and while there are some noteworthy tracks, they aren't all that memorable outside of boss fights (Barthandalus and Orphan boss fights have some of the best boss music scores in gaming - period) However the lip-syncing and voice acting are really top notch.Playing this game feels more like playing through a very long movie. I for one actually enjoyed this movie.Pros: -VisualsSoundCombat (later in the game)Cons: -LinearityCombat (earlier in the game)Convoluted / Confusing story (unless you read datalogs)Really needs a controller IMO8.5/10"
,Recommended,292120,13972209,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wisp,"If you like JRPG, this is a sure hit. Sure, they make things differently than western RPG, but that is why FF games are so awesome: it's all about the you PARTICIPATING in a good plot. It is linear, you don't have much choice, the first chapter you could place a bot playing and it would do the same as you, but you will find out you want to keep playing for the plot and what is going to happen, and obviously, the graphics are awesome (even original the 2010 game, now back in 1080p). if the linear nature annoys you, I invite you to play Stanley Parable and get that out of your system.The battle system and leveling is masterly done, and the plot is good enough you want to keep going to see what is going to happen. If you didn't get it (or want a heads up first), try my essay on the plot (it has a spoiler-free version):http://www.aoimirai.net/en/final-fantasy-xiii-lore.html?lang=en"
,Recommended,292120,14092894,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[NFG] NeroAngelo,"I don't get what everyone's complaining about.720p is enough, the game still looks great.Framerate can drag a bit at times but it's still perfectly playable (and I've had this laptop for 3-4 years.)Everything else is as good as it's always been. Plus it's only 18 bucks. get it, and enjoy."
,Recommended,292120,20272541,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Concrete Doggo,Wifu simulator69/10 would fap again
,Not Recommended,292120,20336687,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cygnus,"IF YOU USE AN XBONE CONTROLLER DONT BUY THISIf you use an Xbox one controller, you're probably going to quit playing this game just like I did. Everytime a menu pops up (for saving, loading, retrying, etc) you have to unplug your controller and plug it in again. This means multiple times each time you want to save, load, or die and have to retry a battle. I made it a few chapters like this but it became way too frustrating. I found a fix for this in the FAQs but after about an hour of trying to get it to work, I gave up. Seems like this wouldn't be hard to patch but they haven't and Im not sure they're going to."
,Recommended,292120,20328257,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Oda,"I have not yet completed this game, but I am writing a review to inform those about the PC port. It is currently in a fairly healthy positiion to be played without any problems other than a few minor FPS drops from 60 to 30-45 every now and then and a little dodgy camera work when using a mouse and keyboard, I originally tried to play this with a controller, but I ran into some issues that made it unplayable with a controller. I got used to the standard M/K setup and found it to be very comfortable (other than the minor camera/movement issue), so I'll be finishing the game like this.As for the game, it's great so far. Buy it and find out for yourself, its not very expensive."
76561198084094637,Recommended,292120,20540949,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Giant_Marvin,"Embarrasing dialogue, some really bad characters, jarring changes in environment, some really good music and plenty of bad music, framerate drops, no idea whats going on. Why am I still having so much fun?"
,Recommended,292120,20063427,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sir. Kill™,"spent a good 120hrs on PS3 version and definitely don't mind spending another 100hrs on PC versionPlaying using a PC console is RECOMMENDED, keyboard is pretty meh and confusing plus you can't really fully customize all the buttons."
76561198039944628,Recommended,292120,20639295,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mogwai,"Prior to playing Final Fantasy XIII, I had almost exclusively heard negative things about it.The usual criticisms are that the whole game feels like a linear hallway, Lightning’s character feels very similar to Cloud Strife, the combat is too simple, and it’s pacing goes off at certain points. All of these criticisms hold true however as a fan of big stylistic JRPGs I still managed to largely enjoy FF13.My first playthrough was done on PC so maybe I don’t feel as jaded as those who spent full price for the original console release. Anyways here is what I enjoyed about FF13.I generally like my rpg’s a little on the easier side when they’re as long as a Final Fantasy game and I found both the Easy and Normal difficulties to provide a fun experience. The combat is very straightforward which could definitely bother some people, however I enjoyed how fast and satisfying battles felt. I loved the sci-fi fantasy aesthetic presented by the game’s world. Enemy and monster designs are great. The world is full of elegant and angelic robotic deities, giant mythical beasts, and the usual mobs associated with the Final Fantasy series. The story felt pretty average by jrpg standards however I thoroughly enjoyed the main cast of characters.Everyone seems to have a differing opinion of which games in the Final Fantasy series are the best let alone good. So you should consider giving FF13 a try if you simply wrote it off the same way that I did. You might just happen to like it. Catch it on a sale, give it a fair chance, and form your own opinion."
76561198046819785,Recommended,292120,20622768,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,rianbooyer,"to me even with 720p graphics it's a beautiful game with a good storyline....and to me story is EVERYTHING. I plan on getting all the final fantasy series that are re-released to pc, even the older one's, just because I have been a player since the first one was released and love what square has done with these games (with the exception of the MMO games)"
,Not Recommended,292120,20623316,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TOMATE,"Final Fantasy XIII is the new iteration of the long JRPG saga. But is it a step forward, or a step back in the franchise? Let's find out.FF13 is a game that generated a lot of hype prior to its release because of the promising trailers and the everlasting development process, but ultimately failed to reach the expectations. Many fans were angry at the time. My personal experience with the game being years later makes it different from those of the first players, since I already knew when I purchased the game that I should not expect a masterpiece.So let's say it right from the start: FF13 is not a well-designed game. It has flaws that a 10-year-old-JRPG-player-me could have told Square Enix if I was asked. On the other hand, there is some really good stuff in here. This is a game of extremes.Let's start with the story, one of the two pillars upon which the game is built. The story begins in medias res, just before 5 of the 6 playable characters meet together for the first time. Without spoiling too much, they meet when looking for someone else, and are caught in the middle of a conflict that they cannot fully understand. Cursed to fulfill an obscure mission or die if they refuse, they face their destiny in different ways.One of the first interesting points I noticed in this game is that every character has its own agenda, at least for a significant part of the game. This is an improvement over the classical team where everyone follows blindly a main character. In fact, the characters won't be together all the time, and the player will jump between different parties to explore their particular storylines.This leads me to talk about narrative. The narrative of the game is in my opinion far above the standard we usually see in videogames, where many concessions are made because of gameplay reasons. We find parallel plots, flashbacks (not that this is new in the saga), cronological disorder, focus on background stories of many characters, etc. At least this is for the first half of the game, the second half unfortunately being more traditional. My feeling is that the second half feels more rushed and simplified, both in terms of plot complexity and narrative style. There are even some interesting characters that in the end are meaningless to the story. Why the effort in building them, then? Maybe they wanted to release the game and rushed the end. That would also explain why almost nothing is resolved in the end.The game has an amazing lore (that I don't want to spoil) and presents through the plot many ideas that could have made really tense moments in terms of plot. Far from the classic 'the bad guy wants to destroy the world, hence we want to kill the bad guy', the plot plays with a more intrincate relation between the protagonists and the antagonist, although in the end the writers seem to forget about all of this because esentially the 'power of friendship' allows the good guys to overcome any impossible scenario and save the world in a nonsensical ending scene. In a few words, the plot setting and lore are awesome, but plot resolution is poor and uninspired.However, not everything is good. Character evolution (in terms of narrative) exists, but most of the time characters change in huge jumps, not progressively. And there is also the dialogue. Some is decent, but some is awful. The tone of the game is inconsistent. I'm not sure if this is a game for kids or for adults. The plot deals with politics, destiny, sociology, guilt, religion, war and many other adult themes. It looks like an adult game, right? But then we get these nonsensical JRPG cliches like no blood at all, no reference to the 'good guys' killing thousands of soldiers which are only following orders, like they were doing nothing wrong, and a kid's take on relationships. And the absurd ending, again. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥I could write much more about story, but this gives you an idea. Just a comment here: I know I am being harsh with the story, more than I would be in other games, but that is because other games have no such a big focus on story. If FF13 wants to present us a serious story, let's take it like that.So let's move to combat, supposedly the other pillar of the game. FF13 abandons the idea of the player controlling a party of 3 or 4 on battles. There are still 3 characters fighting, but you only control one of them. And for the first half of the game, you cannot choose which one. It will change from time to time to force you to use all the characters, which in some sense is a interesting idea. The problem is that the characters are not that different besides the distinction between fighters and mages. Also, since at many points in the story you are left with a party of two characters, the combats become even simpler (not necessarily easier, but lacking complexity).The combat is based on a system of classes, which essentially are a fighter, a tank, a buffer, a debuffer, a mage and a healer. You can change the classes of your characters in real time during battle, and this way you have some control over the secondary characters. Your health is running low? Switch your second fighter to tank to absorbe the damage and your mage to healer. You start fighting a boss? Switch someone to a buffer to cast shields and stuff on your party.When finally you are able to choose your combat party, things become a little more interesting, but still the combat feels very simplified, since there are not many different approaches to fights. I found myself most of the time buffing / debuffing, and then spamming basic attacks unless I needed healing. That was it. Funny to some point, but not deep at all. I miss some customization on the IA of the secondary characters. For example, a buffer will apply the buffs in the order he wants, and there is nothing you can do to change that. Oh, and there are also summons, which do not add much. But they transform to vehicles. Seriously? Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought about this and who approved the idea?I would like to talk now about level design, but unfortunately there isn't much to be said. Most of the game is a huge straight corridor, with ocassional small secondary drifts where you can find item chests. Except for one area, where suddenly they decided to add an open-world-like map (mostly empty except for tons of enemies) and absurd side-quests. As if this would redeem them for the linearity of the rest of the game.There is also a crafting system, but it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing else to be said here.Enough ranting for now, let's talk graphics now. Although when released on PC there was some controversy because it didn't run on 1080p, this has been fixed now. The game runs smoothly, but bear in mind that FF13 has a few years already, and some textures and models are not as good as we can expect from a game these days. Still, the game looks impressive to me. The art design is amazing and very evocative, there are many different areas in terms of decoration, and cutscenes are breathtaking. Sound, on the other hand, has its highs and lows. English voice acting is solid, better than in most videogames, and as always in Final Fantasy games we have some really cool orchestral tracks. But then we have something like j-pop that completely breaks my immersion in the game. I cannot take it seriously anymore.To conclude, Final Fantasy 13 is a game that had the ingredients to be a masterpiece but ended up being mediocre due to design choices. I bought it at 50% price, and I do not feel that my money or my time were wasted here. Normally, this would have been enough to earn the game a positive review, but it is not the case now. I am angry at the game because I know it could have been so much better. They had lots of cool stuff and then they ♥♥♥♥ed up. I have hope that it gets better on FF13-2, but as an individual game, ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ And yeah, Lightning rules, but although she could save the world, she can't save this game."
76561198273114566,Recommended,292120,20670772,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,OCS,Good game.
,Recommended,292120,20359639,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lunafreya,"Although not as good as previous installments, Final Fantasy XIII is still a nice experience. Even though most characters will give you mixed feelings and the storyline is not mindblowing, FFXIII has amazing graphics, soundtrack and voice-acting. The battle system is fast-paced and sometimes tactical, and there are many strong enemies to beat late game. Some trophies are challenging and time-consuming to get.If you're not familiar with the Final Fantasy series and you didn't enjoy Final Fantasy XIII, don't be afraid of playing other installments like Final Fantasy IX and X. I'm sure you'll definitely enjoy them!Pros:- Amazing graphics;- Awesome soundtrack;- Very good voice acting;- Challenging trophies;- Mark hunting is challenging and fun.Cons:- Too linear;- Awful battle system;- Not the most creative storyline;- Can get pretty boring.Overall score: 7.5 out of 10"
76561198044685617,Not Recommended,292120,20365473,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,drewsil,"Played for four hours, wish I could have them back. I kept thinking the game would start going any minute now. It was like one massively drawn out tutorial. Horribly linear, slow cutscenes interspersed with brief fights to practice a newly granted skill. I was sure that any minute I would get to start controlling my character, rather than watching a bad movie. After four hours I finally gave up, and looked online to see when the game would actually start. Turns out it never would, this was the actually way it was intended to play, I guess some people like having an RPG sans the roleplaying."
,Recommended,292120,20356566,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Agust D,"So this game is ""okay"". Many people dont like its linearity, but I enjoy the story. Its more like playing a movie. But later in a chapter you can start grinding in a big (not so big) world to get better gear and stats and do missions. Gear upgrading is nice feature. The music is okay, but not better than FF XII (IMO).I dont like the ending, so I think I will get the sequel"
76561198012074300,Recommended,292120,20323270,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KeepAwake,"Playing this is like watching a movie.  Sometimes it feels too slow, other times I wish it would linger longer.The writing is excellent.  I'm playing this with English subtitles over the Japanese voice acting, and it's very enjoyable.  The story so far (chapter 5) has developed slowly but steadily enough to make sense, it's more like reading a book.  The dialogue and storytelling feels natural; what the characters say feels like what wants to come out from their hearts.The biospheres are really pretty to look at.  Although you run in one direction a long time, the terrain feels fresh and interesting to stop and look around at.The music is different from what I expected of a Final Fantasy game.  Sometimes very soft, sometimes it carries more of a thumpy rhythm.  It matches the tone of the story and visuals well.PS. If anyone cares, I've played FF I, IV, V, VI, VII, and X/X-2 all to completion.  My favorite is VI with IV pretty close behind."
76561198022437688,Recommended,292120,20352641,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Enlagom^,Best ff !
,Recommended,292120,20487611,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,NotSoBrightGuy,"Pros:1. Good storyNot the best of final fantasy series, but still, not bad.2. Awesome battle system.I like the battle system because you're on ""manager"" position. You just need to change the paradigm (battle formation) depending on your current situation.Cons:1. Poor character2. Poor map. The main map also rotates depend on your direction. It simply disorientating at first."
76561198030236835,Recommended,292120,20484831,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dezruak,Its long.The game basicly plays itself.The story isn't very good.Upgrade system is bad.Characters arent interesting.Port is unstable and wavers between 60 and 30fps like the game sometimes forgets this is not a PS3.I couldn't stop playing.
,Recommended,292120,20490350,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,HypoLuxa13,"I had this on PS3 back in 2010, was through about 20 hours, and my PS3 hard drive took a crap. When I got a new PS3, I never played the game again.So I thought I'd try it again on PC. I skipped most of the cutscenes I had already scene, this cut a LOT of time out, so that was nice. As ususal with FF games, there is some great artwork and visual presentations.The battle mechanics are not exactly fun, I prefer good old battles where you choose actions for all team members.  But you still have to use some strategy at times when choosing paradigms and such. When the game ""opens up"" and becomes less linear, I really didn't feel very compelled to explore. I did explore some, really to just get chocobos. But even getting the Chocobos didn't open up anything particular interesting.Story wise - it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular, either.  I wanted to finish it though, so I admit it: I used cheat engine to pile on the CP and level up my characters, and give myself Gil to upgrade weapons and Accessories. I basically just wanted to get the game finished at that point. And I did.A very good port, just not a spectacular Final Fantasy game. I'd give it a 7/10. FF fans who never played it should definitely give it a shot. JRPG fans who love story-based games with plenty of cut scenes and character variety should give it a shot.  Action RPG and Open world/explore at your own pace fans should probably skip it."
76561198084208837,Recommended,292120,20480780,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,OIHighRollerIO,"Back when I first played this game on the Xbox 360 I honestly thought this game was horrible and honestly thinking back to that moment I realized that I wasn't playing the game the correct way and I only rented the game and had the pressure of paying $5 every day I had the game. Just bought this game on Christmas day of 2015 and started playing it again. Immediately I noticed the different gameplay style because I was not used to the autobattle system which I really don't have a problem with considering that every Fianl Fantasy game had it's own autobattle system in some way or form. I think the story is pretty driven and the characters even have good developement, but their personalities may take a while to attach yourself to. Based off the story, characters, gameplay, graphics/quality, and price I'd say this game get's a 9/10. I don't rate games a perfect 10 unless they truly inovate something new and completely blow my mind but nontheless I definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,292120,16719555,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Zeaper,I love this game love Vanille !!
76561198106970036,Recommended,292120,16666356,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CrunchyMuffins,"First FF game, really fun, great graphics even for today's standards never liked level grinding much but the saga was well concluded unlike some ending where everyone died and the developers had to release new content to make it seem satisfactory.Anyway, would recommend this games and the rest of the trilogy."
,Recommended,292120,16671459,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,supergurty,darude sandstorm soundtrack so awesome10/10
76561198000209388,Recommended,292120,16605396,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nitropol,"I think this should be called an interactive movie rather than a game. But a movie for 13 euro (or 6.50 on summer sale) that is 60+ hours long, I think it is pretty good and cheap when you do the math.Would watch again."
,Recommended,292120,16608900,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sten Steiner,"amazing game, love the story!"
,Not Recommended,292120,16609528,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GHOAT RECON,"An avid Final Fantasy player myself, i forced my way through six hours of boring story, forgettable characters, all to only meet my demise fighting Odin, who wins in under ten seconds. At least the environments look great. Uninstalling now."
,Recommended,292120,16611060,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RedYellowAndBlue,So Far I am enjoying it.
,Recommended,292120,16642546,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Illusion PlayHome,"Linear, but is ok actually"
76561197963840333,Recommended,292120,16645403,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ParadoX,"Pretty enviroments, simplistic combat but again very easy to look at.I kind of feel like if been walking down a single corroidor for the entire game so far, ill edit if i ever get out of it.but still, had fun."
76561198087426171,Recommended,292120,16728548,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nineteen_Eleven,"Pros:- Good story- Decent battle system- Fantastic soundtrack- Beautiful graphicsCons:- Framerate issues (capped at 60, lots of stuttering and drops below 30)- Missing datalog text with higher resolutions than 720p- Maybe too linear of a storyOverall I would reccomend the game, just not on PC due to framerate issues."
,Recommended,292120,16737835,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,k4Wa,"FFXIII is a terribly flawed game, but i managed to enjoy it for what it is.Pros: + Very colourful+ Unique battle system (may not appeal to everyone, but i actually dig it's mechanics, even tho very simple, it ain't autoplay as some people claim)+ Beautiful music, really it's a pleasure to listen to.+ over the top enemy designesMixed+/- Some locations are interesting, but there a lot very stale, undistinguishable and downright boring ones.+/- Linear (i am still waiting for a valid reason to count that as a negative)+/- majority of characters are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, stereotypical, stupid, unreasonable and dumb  (can't say bad writing or intentional, but their ""dumb"" and ""naive"" nature is what i find unique about them, they also provide good one or two unintentional laughs)Cons: - Performance on pc... it runs terribly. nuff said.- dialogue seems to be written by 10 years old anime fans sometimes.- huge plot, which thinks it's epic, but it ain't. we can call it serviceable at best, even tho it really is massive at scale.You should look at it as a cheesy anime which think's it is epic, but fails miserably, then you may appreciate how stupid everything about it is, and as a result enjoy it."
76561198051547341,Recommended,292120,16755962,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Delimon,"Okay so I put quite a few hours into this game (okay maybe more than just a few, more than half a days worth) and there are a lot of things that I don't like about it. While I may have a lot of negative comments that doesn't make this a bad game. It's just my opninion.First problem is that the game is really, really stale at the start. It literally took me 3 hours before the game even really began. It's also linear so you have to follow through that single path given to you for 3 whole hours.Secondly, um where's the gil? You're pretty much supposed to get gil after every battle in the FF series but not this one. Upgrading your items and equip is very difficult early on especially with battle encounters being limited.Third problem I have is not having full control of the game. It would be nice to have the option to control all of my characters especailly when I choose to slow the battle down. It is not that hard to micromanage and would actually make the game more fun to play rather than just clicking auto battle and making a few adjustments manually yourself here and there.Fourth problem I have is the paradigm system. I don't mind not having mana but being honest, I would rather have every skill at my dispoal when I need it without having to switch while worrying aobut mana costs than to have no mana and be restricted in what I can do. Now before you think this is totally restricting it's not. But it is time consuming and sometimes you need to react quickly and this does not allow for quick reactions.Fifth problem I have is with the music. ""Oh we want you to enjoy our music so you can't turn it off"" so then why has every other game I have played given me the option ot turn this crap off? I don't give a crap what you think. If someone doesn't like your music you could instantly turn the player off and they will go get a refund. The music isn't bad. But listening to the same crap over and over and over gets really stale. In fact, it's mostly the battle music that I get tired off. It's the same thing over and over and over and over. It makes you want to pull your hair out. Even if I couldn't turn the music off I would love to have the option to listen to the world music while in battle so that it doesn't switch to the battle music. That in itself would be a huge upragde to me. But these guys were selfish and want you to listen to what they want instead of letting the players decide for themselves. So basically what you would have to do is go into your volume mixer and basically mute the game and play the music you want to play, even the world music, yourself sadly. Easy fix but it's not gonna happen because these developers can't get basic concepts of gaming and this is actually my biggest complaint of them all. I can't enjoy the game the way I want to enjoy the game. I have to enjoy the game as the developers want me to enjoy it and since when has any good game been about how the developers enjoyed the game?Sixth problem was already mentioned. Hard to upgrade equipment because no money. No upgrades makes the game harder than it has to be.Seventh problem also ties into that. Basic battles are fought. They are difficult without having the proper gear but you can't upgrade that gear so uh good luck. Which is yet another problem. Where is the classic FF gear? You only have your weapon and your accessories. Total turn off and it also means that you won't get those awesome stats you used to find on your gear to equip your party with.Eighth and last problem with the game is the storyline. It pretty much doesn't tell you much and you don't have much to go off of. It develops overtime so you can kinda understand it but at the same time you don't. It's one of those kinds of games that tells you things as you go along and hopefully you understand it or you won't and well that sucks. The characters are also pretty bland. One dudes a baby that cries all day. Another dude has a rock in his head instead of a brain. One guy is all right and is probably the only character that I respect and like. One chick is too easy going and doesn't give a care in the world (or at least doesn't show it) and the other chick is a damn rock who won't even try to understand anyone. In other words the vast majority of their personalities are either bland, not realistic, or well, dumb and illogical and not very human like. How they shift their emotions is also not always fluent and could use some work.All in all I have a lot of negative points about the game but being honest most of the hate just comes from old FF players. Instead of relying on what other people think just play the game yourself and get a feel for it. It's still a great game just not what people wanted it to be. It's not what I'd call a waste of time so if you ever find the game on sale pick it up and try it out. As I said the biggest disappointment I had was not being able to customize the music to my liking which is a turn off to me. If you do hate that sort of thing then this game would probably irritate you since you pretty much either have to mute the game because you'll be listening to the same thing over and over and over throughout the grindfest (yea it's a grindfest, a lot of games are this ain't nothin new) or it'll get old listening to the same music on end for a long time even hours (especially that battle music) or you'll be listening to something that you don't want to listen to in the first place which really sucks and all it takes is to make the option to control all the sound in the game but the developers didn't want to do that.Everything that I did not mention about the game from the graphics and hell even the music isn't bad it (just gets stale and I want to turn it off but I can't without muting the game and I can't even mod the files which is what I don't like about it) and the story is great! As for the story just check the logs and it explains everything in a straight foward manner it's just confusing at first but it gets better as the game goes along.I haven't reached end game content just yet but as far as I know that's when the game really opens up to the player and lets them do what they want which is the only other downside to the game. You have to put in the work to be free and I'm talking about at least 20 hours worth of gameplay here. That's a long♥♥♥♥♥time of walking in a straight line trying to fight things and eventually just avoiding them because it becomes reptitive and tiresome and there's not really much of a gain for it but at least you can actually choose to avoid fighting unlike most other games so that is actually a plus in my eyes. Don't want to fight? You can go around some enemies or run straight through some. Others block the path and force you to fight them. I'll most likely be updating this review after I hit the end game content but so far it's not a bad game overall just some minor issues and a lot of grinding.I should also mention that if someone does not have at least 30 hours of gameplay time on record that you should not take their review seriously because they most likely have not explored the end game content. The game is basically split into 2 parts. The main part and the more open part which allows you to decide what you want to do. The linear part is the first part and it takes around 20-30 hours to grind through that in the first place. The open world comes after that grind. So if someone hasn't even reached part 2 of the game, do you really think that you should listen to what they have to say about it? Think about that."
76561198016968028,Recommended,292120,16765761,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MoveYourHead,"Whats up gamers!I'm a fan of the FF X and XII, played them long time ago on my PS2. I loved those 2 wery much, and so i gave a try to FFXIII.Been hyped quite a bit for this game, and it pulled me right in whit its uniq-nes of the story and design and graphics.The introducing the characters in the way u kinda actualy get a reson to care, but after a while the jumpingh betwen pairs of characters and not being able to get in the gaming grow old.Waiting for the world to open up for exploring newer happened, and the lack of mistery after the main story dewelope it had in my 16 hours of gameplay which was a disapointment in stoy pogresion since it was the bigest point of insterest to keep playing for me since minus exploring and not to interesting combat was only thing left.Making jump bewen pairs of characters also lock out the gear on prewius pair that u played, so cant use it on curent untill u cleare the holways whit the pair the game sets u up whit.So the strategy of character specific role dewelopment flyes of the window, and i ended up  running back and forth the holways for grind fro points and just unlock all there was, which brokes imersion.The ''big boss'' fights arent and epick as i remember them in FF series, they just resemble huge hp and cople of high damge hits here and there, so whit out pre-combat preparation aside of role changes that can be swaped in combat there is not much else to do. here u just spam role change and u win once u set up role pairs.SO, to wrap it up, the game is by no means bad, definely is wort the buy, since there is lots of content and is extreamly prety to look at and thus imersive, but for those who expect bit misterius world to explore on their own or deep action on gameplay will most probably be disapointed, since it more resebles some indie game than the FF exsesor from my point of wiev.And so here are the numbers:storoy progresion 8/10gameplay(combat)  6/10(keeping in mind the prewius FF releases as comperison)design and graphics  9/10(some parts on PC wersion of game textures , like ground and roks in some areas were in the cinematics and were looking quite bad which ruins the imersion)lenght/content  10/10(played 16 hours and still didnt get to half of the game)WIll i still play the game?Probably yes, since there is a lack of games whit this level of imersiwnes.Worht the price and time?Worth the price definetly, but the worth of time is depends on the funn u get of of playing it which will be different for those whit expectations like fans, and those who will be playing FF game for the time.Recomend the game?Definelty for those games that likes the imersion and chill game play, to get a break from multy player clones.SO that is it for my first game rewiev, doing this on the fly, so sory for any writing mistakes.Like or dislike, coment abount what u think of the game!"
,Recommended,292120,18335229,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Princess Caitlin,"I don't know why this game got and gets such a bad rap. The story is compelling, the characters aren't that annoying (after a bit), and there's rarely a dull moment. The combat and character building isn't the deepest, but there's a decent tacticality to it that keeps it from being boring, especially since everything is GORGEOUS at all times.Really nice as a PC port too."
,Recommended,292120,18376859,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Blazejmg917,"This is a very good game, it sometimes will freeze (but i don't have a great computer so thats my fault) but overall i really enjoyed this game.some of the bosses/mini bosses have a sudden difficulty spike and i had to grind for a bit to be able to defeat them, but it didn't take that long (most of the time i just tried again with different paradigms and it worked)I think that the paradigm systmem is a really cool addition, but it is kind of annoying how long a paradigm shift can take some of the timesAlso, for some reason my medics were idiots, they would have about 47 health left and everyone else would have like 700+ and they would use cura, and then diethere are a few issues, but i love the story and character develpment, its a great game."
76561198115707787,Recommended,292120,18419590,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,D'Kid,"if u r final fantasy fans, buy this game for ur collection. If u r trying to find JRPG game for play, maybe u should find another one or try final fantasy XIII-2, The story in this game is a little bit borring for me, to much walking and slashing monster than story to appear, overall its good (but not perfect)"
76561197976081787,Not Recommended,292120,15222340,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mdwbm,"I love Final Fantasy games. I was hesitant about this one as I knew they turned the time honored summons into vehicles. Kind of a slap in the face considering what they are and have been in the other games.The story revolves around a rebel group who gets ""cursed"" and now is set to destroy the place they were trying to save. Well there are a whole bunch of plot twists (predictable ones) and the group is again on the saving the world idea.The fight engine is completely different this time around. The game lets you have 3 people in your party but you can only fully control your main character. The other follow a set of rules based off the style of combat you chose each round. While not in battle, you can create custom styles for when in combat, but there will be times you want someone doing things a little different for certain fights and cannot change it. The game feels more like it is playing rather than you. Once you scan the enemy and know what it is weak to, all you need to do is setup you team and click auto for each fight. It will pick the attacks based off the type of fighting style that will do the best damage. You just need to make sure to change styles at the appropriate time in battle to stay alive. One additional issue is the ""stagger"" system. Most fights will drag on and you will receive very little points if you cannot stagger your opponent. Once staggered, they take massive damage from your attacks and can even prevent them from making any moves. The combat is built on this system and requires you to fully utilize this in order to beat high end mosters and bosses.Another issue is the fact that the tallent tree is broken up into different styles and cannot be changed until late into the game. The penalty to change/add a new tree is outragious. As you fight you gain points based off how effectively you kill. The more stars you have the more points you get to spend on tallents. Summons are divided up between each character. For instance, Odin belongs to Lightning. So you will only be able to Use Odin when Lightning is the main character and after you have built up your meter to use them.One of the biggest letdowns is how linear this game is. You are guided almost 3/4 of the game. When they let you start free roaming (Chapter 11) it is in a monster infested field that is completely dull and repatative. There are very few creature types and they are spaced far enough that you can run through the entire field with only having to fight only a handfull of times. Unfortunately you will have to come back to this area to level as the level of creatures jumps leaving this area.All the inginuity was put into makeing the cut scenes look awesome and fight scenes look active. I was told that the sequels in this trilogy storyline (yes I said trilogy... definitely not Square Enix style) are more open and have a tweeked combat system. However it is more or less the same type of game. One final thing about the display, there are menus, bars, and stats all over the screen. In older FF games things were more organized. In this game however the entire screen is full of data. So much that at times there are more stats than actual game.If you are a fan of the older Final Fantasy's, then you will not like this. If you have been looking for a change and a faster paced combat, then you might enjoy the changes and straight forward movement."
,Not Recommended,292120,18278808,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Je/s/us,"♥♥♥♥ Square Enix and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PORT! It's almost ♥♥♥♥ing year since game release. And what do we have? Poor perfomance, lags, stuttering. Nice. ♥♥♥♥  you, Square Enix."
,Recommended,292120,13988510,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Big Wet,"First FF game I ever played. The DL is extremely large but wasn't too bad. I waited until all the GFX issues were fixed but the game runs great for me. 1920x1080 and about 55-60 constantly.The story has been fantastic so far and the battle music is some of the greatest I have heard in any game ever (when that violin hits you'll know what I mean) It gets a bit repetitive at times and took me a bit of time to figure out how to properly fight some of the tougher fights, however, in time it all sorted out.When I finish the game I will write more, but so far it has been well worth the price and I have picked up FFXIII-2"
,Recommended,292120,13963311,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Somin,"<3<3 Such a great game <3<3Just love the long story mode for it, even though its going to take quite a while trying to finish the game."
,Not Recommended,292120,13963926,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[F!] Hawk,"I played this because I'm a long time FF fan, and I couldn't not play it. I wasn't expecting much and still got out disappointed, am expecting more out of XIII-2, which I'll play later on.It's a long review.I can't in all honesty recommend this game. It takes almost 10 chapters for you to be able to select a party - the game has 13 chapters. The combat system is beyond stupid for a FF game: if the character deemed as leader (and who you do not choose who is for most of the game) gets ko'd, its game over. You  can phoenix down anyone else in the party, but the leader. Fun times when the low hp mages get cast as leaders.There is no level system. There is a crystarium thing, and you get CP galore once you hit chapter 11 (there's a lot of guides out there) but it doesn't get unlocked much unless you move the railroaded plot forward. The battle system, if you do not choose to stray for the only sidequest in the game, resumes to autobattling with you leader ad infinitum until everyone is dead. Some encounters require some ""job"" switches, most not.  Most of the actual gameplay is moving forward, always forward, making awesome nigh-impossible jumps at predetermined places and getting stumped by a bush in others, and pressing A (or triangle, depending on your gamepad if you play with one). For everything.*Spoilers*THE PLOT...................makes no sense whatsoever. What the goddamn hell. Its not that the story is full of tropes - the entire thing is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trope that seems to revolve around crystals and demigods because they are the only things that seem to matter here. There is no town you get to. There are no NPCs to talk to.The amount of Deus Ex Machina that needs to happen to get the story moving is far too large to ignore. For example: there's one cutscene near the end, back in Coocoon where a gate is closed for seemingly no reason, since you just opened a similar gate, just so that Snow can see his friends one last time. His friends apparently traveled the ENTIRE world, from bottom to non-metaphorical top, to open the exact ONE GATE that was locked, from the other side, just to say goodbye and good luck to their former leader - who up until now was in a DIFFERENT world - with no explanation whatsoever. They also take off in hover bikes while you have to continue walking. In an upward path.Endgame spoiler: the whole point of the motivation of the characters and how they go about it is ridiculous. Here's how: the fal'cie want to summon the Maker by sacrificing coocoon, but they can't, because they have no free will, so they try to use humans (this is the whole plot, don't look for more). To do that, they need to destroy a fal'cie named orphan, which is like the ""battery"" for the world's other fal'cies, such as that by destroying it, kaboom. Orphan, apparently, isn't alive until you kill barthandelus, but weirder things have happened in FF. How does he fuel something then...Still following? Here's the kicker, tho, the characters want to save the world, as always. So good so far. The fal'cie wants them to kill orphan, to destroy coocoon sacrificing it to the maker. The fal'cie use the characters because they are apparently the only ones that can do that, because some of them can become Ragnarok, which is explained as the only thing (monster) that can kill fal'cie for good. The mission seems simple, right? Don't. Kill. Orphan. Get the ♥♥♥♥ away from coocoon. Do not become ragnarok. Work with the military or remove the military, whatever - not like they can stop the party that's dropping adamantoises left and right.Of course they go back to coocoon eagerly and kill orphan, still and even while talking about saving the world. This is the grand plan of antagonizing the villain - doing everything it wants, just saying you're not. Then, of course, another deus ex happens and 2 characters, not 1 anymore, become ragnarok fused (?!?!?!?) and save the world. Explained, honestly, ingame, as a miracle. It's a miracle the game got launched, and that plot came out as such - FFX had a similar plot that was at least less full of holes, or the characthers had better spine and logic. (Remember, yuna destroys every summon, the forces close to her, in all-out battle to defeat the villains' plan and purposes - that's determination and a logical step once the pieces fall into place)"
76561198022582897,Recommended,292120,13949771,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,o.f,the game is brill 10/10the first final fantasy game I have ever played.I just hope the people at steam will get final fantasy return of lightning.
,Recommended,292120,13952511,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,cmart2237,"Good story, great graphics. Iffy gameplay, especially the battle system. But overall good, and they seem to listen to the community with graphics options and all."
76561197972752517,Recommended,292120,13952887,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ahremane,"I've been a big fan of Final Fantasy games for ages, but I've also tried to stay free of the fan boy fights. I've only played 13 and 13-2 from the 13 trilogy, and I've only played on PC.This game is definitely at least decent, and I would even say good, but it has several caveats.Pros:Decent story for the most part, albeit linear.Hard to get completely underleveled unlike a lot of JRPGs and FF games (i.e. doesn't have as much grinding).Character development is pretty decent (for most characters at least).Characters are unique, but relatively flexible (e.g. tank can be a magic user, magic user can be offensive, etc.).Doesn't feel like it needs a strategy guide to beat and get a decent percent completion, but isn't stupidly easy.The game is built so that you can go back and find most of the important stuff you missed before.Enemies drop a lot of items, but aren't broken for drops.Decent upgrade system for items.Dying doesn't make you load from your last save, you can just restart the battle or start from before the battle and go do other stuff without having to worry about redoing a bunch of filler stuff.You can turn trash items into something for upgrades.Cons:It takes literally something like 15-20 hours to get through the intro story parts.The intro story parts tend to feel more like a visual novel than a game.Characters are somewhat flexible but are pretty stuck in their roles for paradigms and their Chrystarium.Chrystarium upgrades are fixed to prevent overleveling.A lot of side quests and even parts of the story feel a little dragged out.Even with flexible upgrades and the like, certain characters tend heavily towards certain roles.Enemies don't give gil.The story is weak and overly generic at points.A lot of the story becomes wholly predictable.Ultimately, it is a good game and a decent entry in the FF series. Most of the cons aren't too bad if you focus on the characters and game play in the context of the story. The only thing I found disappointing was how useless certain characters were late game or how set their roles were (like Sazh or Hope for my play style). The game prevents overleveling and underleveling pretty well, but it makes it virtually impossible to complete the side quests without first completing the main story and going back.Enemies don't drop gil at all for the most part, but they do tend to drop something at the battle's end which you can sell for varying amounts of gil. This isn't really a flaw, but it can be annoying since you have to sell stupid stuff to get gil to use other stupid stuff for upgrades. Due to the low limit for how many of a given item you can have, this begins to feel like a gimmick to stretch out the game since you have to grind for items. In FF13, it feels decently balanced but still gets old (at least way better than FF13-2 in this respect).The characters can feel forgettable if you don't borderline marathon play the game for story too. Outside the story, the characters are all completely interchangeable and generic. This seems like a somewhat logical choice to make it so characters aren't too fixed against players wishes but it can make the characters you don't pick feel completely generic.The game has side quests which are basically bounty missions. The main story tends to develop the characters, but the side quests are just there. Depending on what you want from a game, this can either be off-putting or more enjoyable. The main story is decent but is very trope-based / archetypal. It doesn't really break new ground but it's the same basic fantasy story you expect.Combat feels a lot smoother than most FF games. The game has an auto-combat type thing which actually picks decently (you can actually depend on it to not pick stupid choices unlike pretty much any other game with an auto-combat). The ATB system is pretty good and combat doesn't feel as fixed as most FF games (i.e. you can tell if you'll win or lose by the second turn). Levels aren't as huge a deal either as long as you aren't going up against intentionally high level monsters (which are easy to avoid). The Chrystarium system of this game feels, overall, better than that of FF13-2, but the paradigm system is somewhat lacking in comparison, though it still adds a good bit of strategy to the game even though certain roles become useless in most play styles (like the sentinel role).Ultimately, I enjoyed the game. The character development is decent and the game play is actually really good. The story is okay but it has some issues depending on what you're expecting. The game can feel pretty archetypal at times but still manages to feel like it progresses and changes. If you're looking for something new and unique this probably isn't it, if you're looking for the next FF7/FF8, this isn't it either. But, if you're looking for a decent JRPG or even a decent FF game this will definitely do."
,Recommended,292120,13971272,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hollywood,"For all the hate that this game has gotten, I can definitely see why many JRPG players wouldn't like it. Like you all have probably already heard, this game is VERY linear. You move in one direction basically until the end of the game. I've played FF7, FF8, FF9, and FF10. If you're looking for a game that will take it back old school, this game is not for you. If you like to explore and go to different places, this game is not for you. If you're looking for a better game than the ""legendary FF7"", then this isn't for you. I thought alot about buying this game after reading all the reviews, but I am 100% content with this purchase. If you think you'll enjoy the game, you'll definitely enjoy it.Why should you buy this game?I find the story to be confusing, but amazing. The characters are all so vibrant, and most of them are likable. (I say most because theres still one character whos just boring to me lol). The main characters in this game get developed really well, and dare I say it's very realistic. Some of the characters come off as boring in the beginning, but they just grow on you. (Who likes characters off the get-go anyway).The gameplay is fun, It's pretty similar to the old style of Final Fantasy where the battling is turn based, but it's in real-time. You can't just sit there for 5 minutes wondering if you should use Firaga or Thundaga, the battle still continues. There is a nifty ""Auto-battle"" option though which is very helpful. Square Enix did a great job of programming that.The graphics are amazing for being an older game. They just added the 1080p option a couple months ago, so the scenery and the cutscenes are very beautiful.Don't even get me started on the music, it is simply AMAZING. Out of all the final fantasy's that I have played, I have to say the soundtrack to this game is spectacular. From the Battle Themes, to the Overworld Themes, It's all fantastic.I could sit here and write this review for hours, but it's just a review, I'm sure you don't want to read it all anyway =)All in all, if you think you're going to enjoy the game, you'll enjoy it. Personally, This one is my favorite by far, and I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I do. I'm not quite finished with this one yet, but I'm definitely buying the rest of the trilogy."
76561198007184317,Recommended,292120,13971923,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Fatalstar64,"This game is extremely linear for the first 20 or so hours. The combat system is very enjoyable and is introduced to you slowly throughout the game. You switch roles throughout battle for more defensive, settup or offensive roles. The characters are just ok for the most part only about half of them are likeable. The story is decent but doesen't get going for at least 7 hours so patience is needed. This is not as good as FF6-FFX. It is much better than FF12 though as that game was total garbage. A decent game that I woulden't pay over $9 for so buy it on sale if you love grinding and Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,292120,14236918,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hitosura,"Pros:Here's a game that you can use your monster PC onCons:It's FF13.  It's still dreadfully boring.Hallways: The RPGCharacters are 2.5D, with barely any time to really get emotionally attached to themNo real depth in terms of gameplay, until about 10 hours in, and even that part felt shallowOnly gets recommended because it was (mostly) broken, and SE fixed it.  Plus, mods."
76561198202865940,Recommended,292120,14168907,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,FIGS,"Ok so to start off i would say this ff game was really enjoyable and the positives outwayed in negatives in my opinion. I Have played ff series since I was a kid and I can easily say this was the best as far as story (my opinion).Pros:Excellant story as to be expected in ff seriesDecent soundtrack but they have done betterGood likeable characters (bar 1 or 2 depending on who you ask)Good gameplay mechanics with paradigms allows you to strategize based on what your fightingvoice acting is better than usual (not saying much but at least its an improvement)Cons:HopeHopeHope (seriously ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥y piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Not a gread pc port would recommend a controllerterrible graphic options and fps (yes they did lock frame rates ....)Conclusion:Worth the buy especially since its only 12,99TIPS(SPOILER FREE)At a certain point in the game you will reach a place called nautilus (can't remember spelling) save game exit and load it in windowed mode or the game will crash you can change it back later and this wont happen again"
76561198165797673,Recommended,292120,14188536,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Shadowcaster,"I will keep it quick and short.  This is a beautiful game, and even more beautiful on PC.I loved playing this on the PS3, and just had to get my hand on the PC version to relive the adventure.  Sure it is extremely linear, but I found it to be forgivable.  Yes the game really holds your hand, but again not something that bothered me much.I was very happy to see that they put limited controller support in the game, becasue I personally would have hated playing on the Keybord for this.I suggest this game to anyone wanting to have a beautiful fun game complete with a touching and well thought out story."
76561197970851929,Recommended,292120,14009556,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,CookiEmonstA,"I played FF13 alot when it came out on PS3 and its even better now on PC with the updated graphics. If you like JRPG's I can definetly recommend this game.I use a Controller (xbox360) to play I can't say how the keyboard and mouse controlls are, Controller is fine tho.imo 8.5/10"
76561198096408363,Not Recommended,292120,13999264,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Valfarr,"I like this game. I had it for the 360 which I no longer use. So I got it for steam to finish playig it. I don't know if it's just me, but the game LITTERALY freezes EVERYTHING on my PC after a few minutes of gameplay, but the game play stays going. I was in a boss fight and all of the sudden, I couldn't move, click anything, use any keys... Just Nothing, but the game was still in play and I always die cause I can't litteraly do anything. Mouse doesnt work, keyboard soesnt work, I cant Alt+Tab out or even CTRL+ALt+DEL! I LITTERALY have to force shut down my PC. So until that is fixed, I will change my review on this. It has done it the 3 times I've played it, every time and I refuse to bust my PC over this game by litteraly having to force shut it down every ♥♥♥♥ing time!"
,Recommended,292120,14001003,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Choreo,"First JRPG, really liked the game overall, the storyline, the graphics, etc.Everything about it was spectacular in my opinion.Bought it on sale, would probably still buy it if it weren't on sale now that I think about it.10/10"
76561198031154308,Recommended,292120,15549378,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,xenocanis,"Good Final Fantasy Game, Great Graphics and Music, the story is not as good as some of the older FF games but it is better than what else is on the market."
,Recommended,292120,15600530,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mickey,"I disliked the fact of how big the game is of storage space, but with the kind of graphics and gameplay, it's worth it!"
,Not Recommended,292120,15602246,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Varrus,It's a really boring and linear game with really repetitive gameplay. Not worth the money. (Looks nice though)
,Not Recommended,292120,15605202,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,uberly bored,"The game is playable, but not well optimized for PC at all. Bottom Line: a mediocre game with horrid optimization leaves much more to be desired."
,Not Recommended,292120,15745821,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sixx,"No.There's no way to remap keys, the only way to close the game is with esc (which does not work half of the time)It constantly freezes, the framerate is bad, the control sceme is poor, and whenever I want to close the damn game, half of the time I actually have to hit control alt delete and log out to force it closed, because esc brings the exit button up in the background, it won't let you minimuize or bring up any other task whatsoever, bringing up the task manager will work for about half a second before it forces you back and steam overlay seems to constantly take away any control whatsoever that I might have had, and I lose the ability to click anything, type anything, close it, minimize, switch focus, and leaves me to sit contemplating just where in life I must have gone wrong to deserve this type of poor treatment.This is the worst port I have ever had the misfortune of playing. If this was a man, and I was gay, it would not be the type of person to give a reach around, it would be the type to slap you after sucking you off then kick you in the stomach, take your money, tie you up and laugh before leaving."
,Recommended,292120,15766965,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jaytoo,It lacks in terms of exploration but makes that up with a very excellent storyline as with all other Final Fantasy titles.
,Not Recommended,292120,12496453,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,☭,"this is hands down THE worst final fantasy to date. I tried to make it through all the way, i just couldnt"
,Recommended,292120,14062973,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BrandonJBlack,"Final Fantasy has never let me down in telling a good, solid story. This title is no exception to that. I owned this title back when it was first released, and I'd happily recommend this to anyone looking for something that has a plot worth mentioning. The character development (for some more than others) was really what kept me going for this title. It was easily the strongest point of FFXIII with all things considered.The ARPG style gameplay is a refreshing change to the turn-based style that Final Fantasy is best known for. While it can be a bit stale towards the end of the game, I still find it to be far more engaging than the standard. Here is what you need to know upfront if you are new to Final Fantasy. If you do not fancy the transition from an open world to a battle stage, this isn't the game for you. In saying that, the transition is always smooth and does not leave the player dreading the times where engagement is necessary. The only quirk that is frustrating is the way the character pans to the right or left when walking straight in the overworld. The only way I've found corrects this is to tilt the camera up a bit. Not sure why this hasn't been addressed yet. Otherwise, it's very solid!As far as visuals go, I can't really speak much for what the standard is for graphics nowadays, but considering this game was released in 2009, there is a lot to be said for how stunning the visuals actually are. The cutscenes are absolutely gorgeous. I'd easily pay the $15.99 just to watch the cutscenes alone. No joke.Overall I was quite pleased that I repurchased this game. There's no doubt that Square really took the time to release their best work at the time. Get past the fact that this is a port, and you will enjoy this title immensely."
76561198007668507,Recommended,292120,13813020,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Retrya,Very Great Game
,Not Recommended,292120,13995328,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Clair De Lune,"I'm a fan of Final Fantasy series (played FF 1-> 14 minus 11, including Crisis Core) so i don't like (actually hate) this game for these following reasons:- Poor port: only 720p resolution at release (patched later but still bad) and has none graphic option that lead to inconsistent framerates.- Storyline: slightly great in the very end.- Chars: blank (Claire Farron),  pathetic (Hope),  chuunibyou (Snow), Pretend nice (Vanille), Lesbian (Fang). Only one normal person in your party but he's an uncool old man.- Lack of Final Fantasy Spirit- Extremely linear: you spent more than 20 hours to run straight forward from chapter 1-> 10 (this game got 12 chapters)  like a never ending tutorial (literally).- Combat: spam auto button only.- CGs are beautiful but have less quality than PS3 version.The only thing i like in this game is BGM."
76561197980644472,Not Recommended,292120,13837749,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dizziee,"After a 50Gb download and 6 hours of gameplay, this game stopped being recognised, steam deleted all content, and then decided to try download it all again. Don't waste your time."
76561198007536731,Recommended,292120,13840187,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,crazystengel,"This is a very early review, but I just wanted to address one of the common complaints that this game is ""on rails.""  I for one will be glad when the gaming community as a whole gets over the whole open world obsession.  The most famous open world game is Skyrim (which is a game I like), and I would like to just draw some comparisons.  In Skyrim you can go anywhere, but 90% of where you can go is meaningless.  In FF you can't go just anywhere, but 90% of where you go is towards a main goal.  The other problem with open world games is they make no sense story-wise.  In Skyrim your Stormcloak buddies would wait 85 hours to begin their assault while you went and made equipment you don't want to raise skills and went to pointless areas just because they are there.This game is a story driven  RPG not an exploration RPG.  All FFs after FF3 have been story driven with some exploration elements.  Therefore, it is on rails for most of the game to avoid the non-sensical result that an open-world gives you.  I like open world games, but I wish open world fans were more open-minded and would see that a restricted world makes for a better story and more character development which is the case with this game.  Now that I have that rant out of the way.......The graphics are great, the sound is great, and the story is so far great.I can see how the battle system could be not liked by some people.  I wish you could control all people with the option of placing them on auto.  I also wish the rating system was not just about speed, but also considered damage given and recieved.I may add more later, but overall is a very good game so far, and I can tall it will be one of my favorite FFs.  I have played all but the MMOs."
,Not Recommended,292120,13841472,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Crossbone,"I'm no FFXIII newbie, I have completed the game on 360 back in the day, but my opinion stands the same. The writing AND animation in this game is utter and complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ What do I mean by that? Well, I have played a fair amount of games and watched a not-so-shabby amount of anime. This game, and I swear, is what would happen if you created a FORMULA for writing a story and let a computer generate one dropping some random words here and there, most generic and most cliche story and animation of it all, it is definitely a step down from previous titles.To add insult to injury the entire world is just inchoerent, while in previous games I've played of this title the world felt alive and unified; they were old games that were vastly limited by what they could do due to technology but they were so vastly superior in creating a fantasy world! This is why I adored the final fantasy title and why I was so keen on buying it on release, however this title was utterly disappointing in this case.The combat feels extremely generic and uninnovative, it's basically bare bones of previous games fighting mechanics, I'm not even kidding. They took only the most iconic facets of previous games and added NOTHING AT ALL!However, the reason why I did buy this game honestly is because even for its age it has stunning graphics, even if you don't run the game on ultra it looks gorgeus. And I have to say that even though some characters are utter pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that make you want to rage (Hope being primary candidate), there are some that I just grew attached to (Lightning). Even for someone who adores some characters, the ones that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off make me regret buying this game.I also consider it a kind of a guilty pleasure, I love this game for the same reason I love cheesy nacho jokes, it might be generic but it is quite an enjoyable ride. HOWEVER be weary, this game is far from a full gaming experience, I swear something like 75% of the game consists of cutscenes, however, if you're one of those people that enjoy interactive movie-games (There is enough cutscenes to make a 2-part movie I believe) then it could be up your alley.Everything else is a standard for this title and not worth mentioning imo unless you never played FF games. All in all I personally have a form of nostalgic feeling to this game, especially due to some characters, but overall I would not recommend this game to anyone who has even a slight idea of what I call 'Japanese tropes', for those not aware of these I could possibly recommend this game, but otherwise just no."
76561197987599689,Not Recommended,292120,13057277,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sambarilove,"This is a bad game, with no world map, ridiculous characters, bad story and extremely repetitive.Can't recommend this game to anyone, big disapointment."
76561197983684732,Not Recommended,292120,13060591,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,professor_x21,"A poor game to begin with. Missing probably half of all the things it takes to make a good RPG worthy of baring the Final Fantasy name. First of all, the story line is confusing and shallow as hell, the characters were outrageously cheesy at best, especially Vanille and the world felt so small and closed that it drains your desire to even bother to see what might be out there other than what the waypoint sends you to. The game was also painfully linear and lacked any real depth. I played through the whole game in less than 40 hours which really sucks since the average FF title takes about 70 hours to complete. Another disappointment was the battle engine which was confusing, unecessarily flashy and overly automated making it very difficult for you to coordinate battle tactics according to your particular gaming style. Secondly, battles get longer and longer as you progress through the game which, I think hurts the whole game experience. I play Final Fantasy for its story telling, diversity and overall gaming experience. When I spend 80% of the game time fighting monsters, 15% watching ridiculously long cutscenes telling a really confusing and shallow story with annoyingly cheesy character personalities and 5% developing my characters with an okay development system similar to that of FFX, I will generally have a very forgettable experience and would probably never want to play the game again if I even bother finishing it.In conclusion, this is a clear example of how the folks at Square-Enix think they can just crank out whatever garbage they want, slap a respectable title on it like Final Fantasy and ship it off for its loyal fans to waste their money on. Its like they dont even try to make good games anymore. I've played better indie games made by tiny bands of dudes working with budgets a fraction of that of SE. Final Fantasy XII was the first indicator that SE was getting lazy for me. The game was generally good but it was the first game I played that really lacked a good story-line. The story started out really good but really started falling short toward the end; almost as though the project ran out of budget money and was forced to cut its story-telling short. Either that or they really did just get lazy with it.Dont waste your money on this title or on ANY of the following FFXIII titles, unless you can get it on a Steam holiday deal for a couple bucks and you happen to have 40 hours of your life you want to throw away."
,Not Recommended,292120,13002811,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,fub[A]r,"this game rustled my jimmy, after chapter 11, monster suddenly become stupidly strongand the fact you can only unlock you final crystarium stage, AFTER THE GAME END, really really frustrate meand then the big juicy  Wladisaus that give 32000 cp each, you cant find it anymore post gamemaking grinding the cp post game the most unenjoyable experiance you ever hadand then the combat, ""Oh, you finally reduced the Behemoth King hp below 40% threshold? let me restored its hp to maximum health and make him more stupidly strong""and the gil, ""oh, you want to make some gil? go ahead save and reload the game to fight the easy profiting Sacrifice because they never respawn without you teleport to another map""and i guess thats all"
76561198087972282,Recommended,292120,12425886,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MOGGY ANGRYgrrr,WOW 720P LOOKS SO GORGEOUS TOTALLY WORTH BUYING IF YOU WANT HALF AR*ED UNTOUCHED PORT DIRECTLY FROM THE PREVIOUS GENERATION CONSOLES!YAAAY WOOO 60FPS which is awesome to see in final fantasy 13 but it seems to run at 30fps during battles and I know for a fact that this is nothing to do with my graphics card as I can play shadows of mordor at 60fps 1080p ... hmm yeah okay...Square Enix you need to sort out a patch so that we can boost this up to 1080p alongside the graphic options (if possible) and definately optimize this game and smooth out the fps it jumps up and down like a kid high on sugar...I love final fantasy but to be honest you guys are really effing up here...I recommend that you guys wait for a mod or a patch to come out for this game I am sure a lot of fans will be screaming at square about this oh and I think the graphics has changed somehow but I don't know if this game upscales the graphics or forces them to be sharper or whatever...(update): I will continue to play this game as I do enjoy this game it isn't my favourite but you know what ♥♥♥♥ it! It's a ♥♥♥♥ing final fantasy game and I will play it till my hearts content.EDIT: With the recent update for final fantasy XIII I am happy to see that there is now graphics options and 1080p I am currently updating the game at the moment but I thought I would like to edit my review as it will no longer be valid. I now recommend this game if you are a fan of final fantasy XIII UPGRADING from console to the pc version! no longer 720p and now you can enhance the experience!
76561198006857483,Recommended,292120,25234040,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lord Tom IV,"Final Fantasy XIII is not one of my favourite of the Final Fantasy series, but one i am enjoying. Visually stunning and with in depth character backgrounds, the game is worth playing if you haven't. The issues i've found with the game are the huge focus on Cut-Scenes, and the mediocre combat system. You spend most of the time watching the characters deal with the various issued the story throws at them. It feels more akin to a point and click, than it does an in depth RPG. The combat is tedious and you basically just press Auto abilities and the game does the rest. That being said i do have this temptation to keep playing. The gorgeous visuals and incredible sound track keep me playing. Some of the Characters are quite interesting and keep you hooked. Others are dull and have the ceaseless ability to moan constantly! (looking at you Hope) The story is not too bad but confusing unless you scour through the Wiki page because it makes absolutely no sense. The background of the Game is explained in Logs you find throughout the game but that to me takes the point out of it. No one ever explains what a L'cie is, or a Fal'cie, or what Psycom is so you're just expected to know. It's not a game i'd ever have payed launch price for but for just over £10 it's a good game to kill time if you have nothing else to play."
76561198258971653,Recommended,292120,25201818,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,spac3monkey77,ace
,Recommended,292120,25556419,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Talons of an Eagle,"Excellent game, I used to play it all the time on the Ps3 So glad I can now play in the PC, I would highly recommend the game to anyone as the game has such a great story line plus you have to put in plenty of hours into it in order to progress your characters and get through the game slightly easier."
,Recommended,292120,24633827,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Obran,"Good game and worth a play, but as many others have said, it's very straight forward. There is little exploration to be had here, but the corridors they do put you through are aesthetically pleasing.The one pillar this game stands on is the combat system, it's fast, fluid, and fun. It does take a while to get the ball rolling, but once you have a full party of 3 it turns quite enjoyable, sometimes challenging.Just be prepared to do some grinding before the last battle. The game lets you walk all over it until then.Overall, the game is good. It has nice graphics, great combat, good sound, and a decent story; but the end game grinding, and the general linearity of it bring it down from a 7 or an 8, and the final result is a fun but a 6/10 game."
76561198090412921,Recommended,292120,25504840,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,theadrap,"TL;DR: 9/10 great game, would recommendFFXIII was my first ever final fantasy game I played. I've sunk in plenty of hours into on PS3. The OST is wonderful and something I enjoy hearing even outside of gameplay. The game artwork is absolutely incredible and immersive. Every new location is such a beauty.And boy does this game have great characters. Warning, I cried at the end. The first couple play throughs >.>Gameplay is a little repetitive and tedious at times, but after the hand-holding stops, strap down your undies and prepare for turbodrive because it's not too bad.The port is lovely, though I would highly recommend using a controller instead of keyboard/mouse."
76561198262126404,Recommended,292120,25454318,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Scarlet,"i really love Final FANTASY, its the best RPG that i ever played :D"
76561198055991142,Not Recommended,292120,14398560,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,shbensn1,It seems there's a lot of us that can't get it to work with no support from anyone
,Recommended,292120,14404482,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Reginthorn,"The game is solid..... though it does deserve the many complaints against the game. Play for the (average) story and overlook the many gameplay issues. The PC port is really bad, but if you have a high end GPU you should be fine. On a random note, the soundtrack is really good."
76561198154173184,Recommended,292120,15430486,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Snow,"♥♥♥♥ i  cant play  always out in chapeter 4 than show window problem,, ??? what problem now"
,Recommended,292120,15432456,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sheens,Played on PS3 and bought again on PC. Definitely a worth for FF fans.
,Recommended,292120,15529873,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Jeanne Alter <3,So far so good just a bit disappoint about lacking dual voiceover.
,Recommended,292120,15530976,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,deprived,"GAMPELAY IS REPETITIVE, AND YOU PLAY UNTIL YOU BORE THE F OUT YOURSELF. But it is totally worth for the story, and the drama, so if youre like me ( the type of people that play for story ) I recommend you to buy it. The character is rich, full of drama, beautiful graphic, and the crystarium is kind of exciting, makes you wander what skill will you get next, when you expand the crystarium. The cons are boring gameplay, bugs, and low rate fps."
76561198092638210,Recommended,292120,15397187,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,PUNYAH,much better :)
,Recommended,292120,15399316,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Gimponaballandchain,"Almost everything people say about this game is right, linear, lack of control over team. They just didn't bother me the way they seem to bother others.Looks great, sounds great, acceptable port. It just has so much charm and it will live or die by how much it charms you."
76561198065267447,Recommended,292120,15311281,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Daximum,"Final Fantasy XIII is an interesting beast.Personally, I'm madly in love with the game, but then again, it's the only Final Fantasy that I've played.Yes, it's tedious.  Yes, some of the characters make you cringe a bit.  Yes, it's a glorified hallway simulator for the first portion of the game.  But I still enjoy it.On the plus side, it has that beautiful Final Fantasy style to it, with vibrant and colorful landscapes that are an utter joy to traverse, set to the tone of Masashi Hamauzu, the game's brilliant composer.  I like most of the characters (Lightning, Vanille, Sazh), while others seem to be lacking in dimension (Hope, Snow, Fang).  The story is engrossing, which is probably most of the reason that I stuck with it for so long, and the battle system is fun and quite challenging at times.For a game that is mostly a straight shot from point A to point B, it is surprisingly expansive.  Yes, you have to slog through hours of hallways to get to the open world, but it's so satisfying when you saddle up your first Chocobo that it makes up for the wait.  And the game does not feed this to you; you have to go track down the extra bits by yourself.That, I think, is the beauty of it.  You could breeze through the game without a care in the world if you wanted, going from point A to point B to your heart's content, or you can spend hours exploring the Pulsian landscape like I did.Where XIII really shines, though, it its battle system.  Real time, fast-paced, requires you to think on your feet.  I never got bored of it.  It gives you an almost Pokemon-esque relationship with your fighters--you learn their strengths and weaknesses as they progress.  You enhance their abilities through the Crystarium upgrade system, which I've come to love.  They're more then just talking heads in cutscenes.  As corny as it sounds, they're your friends.I love Final Fantasy XIII.  There are many who disagree, and they're honestly not wrong in that opinion.  But to this day, it remains one of my favorites."
,Recommended,292120,15302698,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,KlaudNine,hi just wondering....i just notice that the hair of my character is pixilated. i dont know how to put the screen shot here but its kinda wierd.and the all look like punk rock with heavy mascara.kinda like a EMO person.is there a way to fix this?i try restarting the game but no avail. ill try the ffx 13-2 if its the gameby the way my setting is at max tho. 1080
,Recommended,292120,15287605,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,哦哦哦哦哦,"Played this game on PS3 on release... loved it then, love it still. great fun to play and has good length of game play. so for those people who like to have a game you dont finish in a day you'll love this :D"
,Not Recommended,292120,15293042,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,#GorMA,"I've played for 10 hours. And the game is extremally linear.Not even close my prefered FF, like FFVII and FFIX :/"
76561197983490773,Recommended,292120,15245552,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Akirakietsu,Simply and utterly breathtaking.. I loved the whole ride! <3
,Recommended,292120,15212669,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Voidborn,Graphics wise yes although the story may be the same as the past Final Fantasy that this game preceded. I recommend playing the sequel coz im just a big fan of this series. ^_^
76561198139725534,Recommended,292120,15214323,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,orca2009,very good
76561198040779090,Recommended,292120,15269416,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,benja,"The faces are amazing, but the fingers are really square."
,Recommended,292120,15274975,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Raum,"I have a lot of time played on this game, but honestly, it is not really a good game. I have a lot of time played for another reason.To me, this is a fun game, but it is most definitely not a good game. I had fun in some kind of weird twisted way where I didn't really need to think or process much. I just sort of held forward through a bunch of hallways, and danced around a bunch of different jobs during battle in a somewhat coherent way. I mean, that took a bit of thinking, but not much, because each job has a really strictly defined role. It ended up being really obvious how I needed to approach every battle.When I step back and really try to analyze the game, I feel like this is a Square/Enix RPG boiled down to the essential parts with absolutely no flair. Like, they took the design document that said ""Dungeon - 6 branching paths"" and made a hallway with exactly six branching hallways that go for ten feet and then give you a treasure chest. Every single system in this game is absolute and simplified, to the point where it is so simple it's almost difficult to understand.I ended up confusing myself for a little bit because I thought there had to be more to things. The deepest thing you'll discover is that changing jobs rapidly during battle is a good thing. There it is! The entire depth of the combat system. The levelling system involves choosing a job to level and then moving along a linear path with a few small branches. With a bit of grinding, you'll fill out enough.But I still had fun! It's still well-designed, in some ways, even if it is absolutely and amazingly simple. It was a great game to pay hardly any attention to. This is the Borderlands of Final Fantasy games, a game where I can minimally participate with it while skyping with friends or playing music. There is an almost absurdly incoherent story that I didn't pay much attention to and it appeared that most of the characters had weird motivations for doing what they were doing. It served a purpose in moving things forward, though.The game feels like a big long tutorial... thing...You see, most of my hours played in this game come from the fact that I don't have very much time to game nowadays, so I play in the evening. Since I play in the evening, after work and the rest of the day, I get tired... and since this game requires such a minimal amount of thinking and you can survive on a combination of holding the stick forward, L1 + down + A, and AAAAAA, I would often accidentally fall asleep in my chair.You'll probably have some fun, but don't wait for the game to open up. It kind of does and then it doesn't. There isn't anything special here. This is another game that appears to be a victim of being over-QA'd to an insane point....I'd fall asleep while playing it, repeatedly. I did this multiple times. What the hell?"
76561198064639189,Recommended,292120,15259899,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,The one who knocks,nice game worth it cost long and amazing graphics
76561198014613702,Recommended,292120,15348722,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kangus,"FFXIII gets a lot of criticism, and for the most part the criticism is deserved. But as an avid fan of the Final Fantasy series, FFXIII is probably the one I've come back to play the most. It has a lot of charm to it, not too dis-similar to someones beloved first rusted up bomb car. There are many things I could complain about in this game, but what I can say with certainty is that these complains come from Square Enix's design designs, not unfinished or flawed execution.FFXIII is confident in delivering the kind of game it is; a very linear story driven RPG with open world end-game. The end-game is what brings me back, with it's grindy progression and solid challenge. As far as the story experience goes, whilst I really enjoyed the characters and the story itself, the linear corridor after linear corridor will exhaust most people before they finish all 13 chapters. The music is of a very high quality, and the visuals maintain a exceptional amount of detail and beauty throughout. Most fans of any previous Final Fantasy games will find the character growth, battle system and environments far to restrictive, and freedom in customization and exploration is only introduced a good 10-15 hours in at least.I couldn't say whether or not to recommend this game, as it won't appeal to everyone and it would probably disapoint long-time Final Fantasy fans if they were expecting a typical JRPG experience. All I can say is I have thoroughly enjoyed this entry, despite it's flaws. It's far from being a bad game, but people will need to be accepting of unconventional design choices."
,Not Recommended,292120,15236160,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The K-os,"Very disapointed.... barely managed to make it work ONCE and then the next day it did not work AGAIN!!Im at my limits now and i better play something else.SQUARE ENIX !!! FIX YOUR LAUNCHER - i got 16GB ram, I7 4790 3.6GHZ and GPU GTX 980 and IT WONT START?RIP OFF!!!!!!!!DONT BUY UNLESS LAUNCHER AND STARTING THE GAME ISSUE IS FIXED!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292120,15236536,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ดาวอังคาร,"Terrible port, I have an i5 and a GTX 770 and it lags all the time because of a bug. Tried every fix available, including plugging in an xbox one controller, and I'm still getting lag spikes every few seconds..."
,Recommended,292120,15165848,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,JEONGYEON,great game!! recommend
,Recommended,292120,16013945,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Shinigami X,good 7.5/10
76561198048901027,Recommended,292120,16020780,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,It'sJustDRK,"There are a lot of flak that can be given to this game by those that believe that the word ""Linear"" is evil. I have always felt that those people never grew up before the age of the Playstation or Playstation 2. I give this game a good thumbs up."
,Recommended,292120,15933126,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Dextra,This game pretty much hinges on whether you like Lightning and Fang or not.
76561198060725227,Recommended,292120,15190300,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Name,"MasterpiecePros: Great Story , Long , Cutscenes , Visuals , OST , Newcomers Friendly , Combat System and CharactersCons:  Linear Story ModeDespite being previous gen game FF XIII still looks impressive. There aren't many game developers making games with such good looking detailed models and environments. The game is mostly linear during the story mode after that there are plenty of side quests to complete.   My advise is to give this game a try."
76561198055712847,Recommended,292120,16219185,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dumbass,good game and gna get the next 1
76561198118284395,Recommended,292120,15983974,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,☯GuiltyAsian☯,Its fun
76561198052261905,Recommended,292120,15984753,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,alexepp64,there is a bug in natalus that keeps closing every time i open my game please fix
,Recommended,292120,16256068,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,Amazing game and at 1st the game need a patch since console to PC is a whole different level so a patch was required to live up to PC standards or close to it.
,Recommended,292120,16246154,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,EL RUFIAN,"Well is fun game after all, have nice enviromental, the gameplay is good leavinf that behind is difficult for me, because i cant upgradde♥♥♥♥♥♥and cant make money at easy way, anyway the story is good, sometimes is stupid, but is good is not like a Final Fantasy whit huge maps and those things, in pulse you have a big map but full of corridors XD its looks more like  tales of xillia, anyway the best reccomend is you to play it, anyone can buy it at low price on summer sale or something like that"
,Not Recommended,292120,15564628,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Syenite,Pros:- Nice graphicsCons:- Incredibly linear- Shallow combat systemJust play some other RPG
,Recommended,292120,15572383,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,HugoDeConello,Epic! I love this game.. The greatest RPG ever..
,Recommended,292120,16508391,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DrSlothy,"Fantastic looking game (warning: it's a large download), and I enjoy the gameplay.  Fairly linear, you don't have any real chance to get lost.  Battles are satisfying so far.  But above all, this game looks great!"
76561198063847402,Recommended,292120,16496965,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FrostShock5,Great PC adaptation. Have fallen behind on updating concoles (PS2 old school style). The PC remakes/conversions allow you to enjoy the final fantasy experience without buying a new console
76561198024474560,Not Recommended,292120,12931278,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Belch,"One of the worst ports I have ever seen, not worth your money..."
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,292120,12941876,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,johnny_m_j,"Extremely linear and boring, with little play and loads of cutscenes. And when you do get to play, you get a battle system that is overwhelmingly boring, imo.Already early in the game, you get a long chapter (4) which basically is a loooooooong walk through what feels like an endless corridor. This chapter killed the game completely for me - no variations, just proceed further while controlling a unsympathic b*tch of a heroine, who is dragging along a scared crybaby of a kid, who of course suddenly is a master fighter during battle. Yeah, right..."
,Recommended,292120,16687997,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,カタニアファゴット,"F*CK YOU GAME. BULLSH*T FINAL BOSS KILLING ME WHEN HE HAS 10 F*CKING HEALTH LEFT, F*CK YOU.-EDIT- I BEAT THAT F*CKING C*NT, BUT YOU HAVE TO BATTLE HIM A SECOND MOTHERF*CKING TIME. F*CK YOU GAME--EDIT-- HE WASNT EVEN THE FINAL BOSS AND IM ONLY 1/3 OF THE WAY THROUGH THE GAME. F*CK YOU GAME. WHY THE F*CK IS THIS GAME SO LONG.0/10 STOLE ALL OF MY F*CKS"
76561198189808589,Recommended,292120,16692365,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Synid,It's alright.
76561198049182934,Not Recommended,292120,16741637,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,kevin.purnelle,"Final Fantasy. It's a serie I discovered in 1997 with FFVII. Then I played some more, VIII, and IX, etc... XII was ok but failed to reach my feelings.There is no more fantasy today. People behind these great games like FFVII aren't there anymore.And this has been getting worse with each new release.FFXIII, for me, is the last strike. I don't believe FF is a great serie anymore. No, there are great games in this serie, and others are bad. When at some point I would have bought without thinking a new FF game, that's not true today anymore.FFXIII is not even a game. It's more like an interactive movie. One straight line. Everything is in the background. Cities, landscapes, people... You can't interact with them. From time to time you get to press a button to kill the beasts, then the movie continues. Run forward, combat, run forward, there is no left, nor right.So... maybe some day, there will be a new FF as wonderful as you wish it should be. I'm really waiting for it.In the meantime forget this one. I bought it because it had a discount on it and was curious if it would run on my computer (I don't have a PS4). I don't even feel like playing it. But I will, probably, do so when I'm bored enough.But everybody is different."
,Recommended,292120,16752262,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JFK,"I'm not sure where all the hate comes from with this game, it's absolutely gorgeous and while it may not drop as many jaws as it did in 2009 there are still some cutscenes that make you go wow. the gameplay is linear compared to other games of the series but i personally still find the game evry enjoyable and a great deal at $8. Only complaint i do have with the port is i have a fairly decent  PC core I7 4770k 16Gb RAM gtx 770 and i get random fps drops mostly during cutscenes and the beginning of boss battles but it's not game breaking by any means. i'd give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,292120,16752523,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Reginrave,"To be frank, I haven't had the time to play any kind of RPGs recently and if my situation is the same as yours, the ""hallways"" that people complain about this game is actually PERFECT for those with not that much time to play. There's not much to explore but I still get to enjoy the game a lot given the eye-catching visuals."
,Recommended,292120,16630135,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Venngeance,"Many dislike this game for it's difference to the rest of the Final Fantasy francise. However, I disagree. Being a fan of the francise for a long time, I never got around to picking up XIII until now. And I can say that I'm loving it so far. It's a fairly demanding game for some older rigs and it's a 50GB download so be prepared for that, however the battle sequences are intuitive and the level-up system is interestingly thought out be it a little unconventional. The world has a beautiful landscape, and an even more beautiful soundtrack. The characters are rich in personality and in story- it feels great being able to play with them as the story progresses.It's a great game, I love it so far. If you've played all of the Final Fantasy games and you love them exactly the way they are, this game doesn't follow all the same rules and conventions of it's predecessors. However if you're looking for a great, in-depth experience, be it new to Final Fantasy or a long term veteran. I can say whole heartedly that this is the game for you."
,Recommended,292120,16317532,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cynerott,Beautiful graphics. Cool battle system that combines speed with rewards. Lack of content outside of main quest is very disappointing. 8.5/10
76561198153998335,Recommended,292120,16409909,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nox,needs engish voiceover
76561198094329636,Recommended,292120,16329047,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Man of Culture,Decent game
,Recommended,292120,12449302,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mhyrria,"From bad review to good. Finally SE, you are stepping up your game. You have been in a decline this past few years but now you are slowly getting back to the glory days of Squaresoft and Enix, masters of console rpgs.Review-wise, the game got what it needed. Although not much tweaking in the display settings, the output was superb. I'm playing this game on MSAA x16 Shadow res 2048x2048, and it looks beautiful. Good job SE. Will be buying XIII-2 after I finish this. I know the localisation and whatnot, but kindly consider adding Eng voices to Asia region. It's nigh time you globalize and let go of this localisation crap. Once big companies like you start doing it, the rest will follow and will be back to the golden age of gaming once again."
,Not Recommended,292120,13491254,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Vires,The game was working. I have 17 hours of gameplay no problems and now it won't launch.
76561198099269625,Recommended,292120,13728819,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Defiant Mercy,"Ignore the bad reviews. This is a great game if you like story.I will warn you, the beginning is slow. You won't have many options when it comes to fights or what you should be doing. So if you aren't patient, I don't recommend you get the game.After about 2 hours, you get your first taste of being able to upgrade your characters. Then you will be able to upgrade your weapons and equipment.After about 25, you will get access to the ""open world"" as I'm going to call it. Basically this is where you can explore, do a bunch of side missions, and train before the final fight.I played this on xbox, and got to the open world at about 30 hours, and beat the game at about 55/60 hours.If you want to do everything, you will probably spend over 100+ hours.The main reason this had bad reviews in the beginning is people complained about having a lack of a graphics option. Other than that, it ran perfect. They have now added that options, and while it doesn't matter to me that much, it's nice being able to play the game with better graphics.Is the game worth the full price? In my opinion, yes. If you are able to pick it up on a sale, I would definitely get it."
,Recommended,292120,13779830,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,¨ıɯɐʞ,Good
76561198168977168,Recommended,292120,13780874,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mako Bunki,"I would recommand the game, if you like RPG's, the game itself is like a movie, I'm not too far in the game yet. But i must say, I love the graphics, the voice acting is not normal, I think the voice acting should get an award! So far, i love the story. If i had more money to blow, i would buy the other parts too. What i want to say is, if you like games with awsome graphics and allotah' cut scenes, this game is a must."
,Recommended,292120,12466450,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,daRuth,"After a couple hours of gameplay.Pros:Great game (love to see more FF release in PC)Cons:poorly ported.Fixed resolution and often spike drop in framrateNo vibration support for my xbox controllerReleased one patch to fix alt+tab error?WTF, are you kidding me. Dev never alt+tab before release?EDIT:New Patch does enhance gameplay with new graphic setting. Keep it up Dev"
,Recommended,292120,12436496,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chaosfox,"This is a new review based on the December patch:The peformence is still horrible, but now that custom resolutions and some small settings can be changed the port is better.However for the age of the game the system requirments are still far too high. Keep this in mind if you purchase the game.For example I can run skyrim/Tomb Raider fine, but in this game i have 30 to 20 fps in most battles.The game looks fantastic with a great theme and aethstetic. The game is based on the standard jrpg format of turn based battles.The twist of this game is the fact that you really dont need to micro the battles, as their is a function called autobattle which then chooses how to attack or react accordingly.You mostly change the stance or tactics of the party while battling. Attacking/Buff's/Debuffs/Heals are mostly controled through the stance system rather than microing each action.You are introduced to each mechanic quite slowly, so it feels like the begining of the game is quite drawn out before you have access to the core gameplay. This does feel like you are railroaded a little with very few chances to have a meaningfull impact on the game for a very long time into the game.This also is true of the leveling up system, as it is much more linier than something like FF10's sphere grid.This could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how familiar you are with Jrpgs though.The story is interesting but very complicated. You almost have to read the menus infodumps to have any idea what is going on for the first few hours. However the pacing is good and keeps things moving. It isnt shakespeare but I have heard much worse it's meh at best but it holds up enough to keep you progressing.Overall it is a good game, not a great game but due to the lack of Jprgs the pc has it is still worth playing and is worth your time.7/10"
76561198117150393,Recommended,292120,12425569,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,taterboob,"Ok, this is more like it. The patch took care of pretty much all the issues I had with the initial release. Shadows look great on higher resolution, AA looks great, and it's nice to finally be able to play the game in 1080 without having to resort to a mod (which I thank you for once again, Durante). The only issue I have now is a slightly inconsistent framerate. It's a relatively solid 60fps during cutscenes, but as soon as gameplay kicks in, it drops to 30. It's sort of annoying, considering I can run more demanding games at 60fps consistently without much issue, but it by no means renders the game unplayable. The game at least looks much better than the console versions now.Mulling it all over, I don't mind giving this game a recommendation now. While I still think it's ridiculous that these options weren't included at launch, I definitely appreciate the folks at Square Enix listening to the fans (even the nastier ones), and stepping up to fix the issues. I'm actually kind of looking forward to playing the Steam version of Lightning Returns now."
76561198005330148,Recommended,292120,12426867,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,♛Drifter2080♛,"As of today this game runs perfect and it looks great at 1080p, I highly recommend it.Thanks for finally fixing this square enix, now I dont have to use Durante's program every time I launch the game."
,Recommended,292120,13830517,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,NitroSoldierX,"The GoodAwessome quick-turn based combat that calls on your wits and ability to think/re-act quickly to the enemy.Take DrkSouls I or II for example.  You die alot in those, like you can die alot in FFXIII, the difference is however, DS relies more on your skill of play with the character while this FFXIII relies on what I mentioned above.  Both require you to level up your character in some way to even stand a chance, but the thought process that goes into each fight between the two games are fundamentally different.  I prefer FFXIII in this aspect.Beautiful music, not one game I've ever played has topped the Final Fantasy soundtracks.Great cutsences.  I honestly feel for the characters.  The facial expressions they potray really help to draw a person in.The BadYou pick up misc items from monster drops, though every item has a name, but still, they have no real importance but feeding you're weapon to go from lvl1 to lvl2 and so on.  I thought I'd be able to make weapons from scratch using the monster drops, but from what saw, that's a no.  I don't mind not doing, as so much of the dev's just putting alot of named misc. items in the game just to make them seem more important.  Just name it all scrap or something, and lets move on.The UglyFramerates still drop from time to time, but clears up within a few seconds.The DebatableI really like the linear pathway feature.  For me, it's just a nice change of pace to RPG games.  I'm use to playing nothing but sandbox, i'd like to think that Square Enix making the game a ""hallway"" per-say (with beautiful scenery around every turn) and the occasional branch offs into some remote corner, planned.  After all, a bigger space would possibly mean less work/effort put into the cutscenes, less into the fighting/combat and less into the length of the game as a stand-alone single player.  But people want to give that all up for roaming space. Not flame intended but feel free to go to FFXI or FF:ARR for that.  I have both.I give it an immediate thumbs up.  Great Final Fantasy game."
76561198043998750,Not Recommended,292120,13834763,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RamonaReason,"I tried really hard to like this game and I don't think I'm the only person who has. The game has fantastic visuals, but thats about it. This is the only game I can justifiably call a ""pretty chore"", because thats all it is. I tried to reason with and convince my self that the combat is fun at the least, but really it's not. There is hardly any tactical gameplay to the combat. Instead its a lot of auto-combat and occasionally switching up the groups vocations. Which in turn, makes this game a one-button pressing experince. Nothing is fun about that. Leveling up your characters is also fairly uniteresting and really should of just been an automatic thing. You gain what might as well be called experince points after every battle and then spend it on specific class trees for each character, but you wind up with more than enough experince to level up all the trees anyways. You also gain items from some battles which just get converted into experince points for your weapons, another redundant feature honestly.  The story is just a jumbled up mess that barely makes any sense. Even when you take the time to read into things, you'll be asking your self questions and wondering about things. Wether that's intentional or not, it's poorly designed. Which is a shame, because it is a very pretty game and fun to look at. I can oooo and awe at a lot of things in this game. But thats not what I bought it for. An entire game is missing from this experince. And trust me, this is one heck of an experince, a very long and dragged out one."
,Recommended,292120,13836826,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ImagineDenis,"A great port, actually i always wish to play this game and i really like it!"
76561198023002955,Recommended,292120,33096856,Posted: 1 July,all,SHRIKE[M.O.F],Kinda straitforward.
,Recommended,292120,33168557,Posted: 2 July,all,vroom...,nice...
76561198175180623,Recommended,292120,33298122,Posted: 5 July,all,sirdiggle,"Bought this in the summer sale. So far, I've been playing for three hours and still have no attachment to the characters or story line. I think I'd be torqued if I had paid full price for it. Pretty though. I'm not seeing the FF rpg elements I'm used to, does the combat score do anything? So many questions...I guess I'll keep playing."
,Recommended,292120,33276339,Posted: 5 July,all,♥Flake♥,hot babe <3
76561198042063106,Recommended,292120,33321503,Posted: 6 July,all,Skencer,"This game truly lives up to it's name as Final Fantasy: The Final Hallway.Most of the game is incredibly linear with little to no possible exploration and few ""hidden"" items to find. The combat system is ok but quite frankly falls a bit flat until 13-2 where they fix most of it's more glaring issues.This has to be one of if not the worst Final Fantasy titles I've ever seen.HOWEVER, as a game that is not being compared to all of the other final fantasy titles this is truly a gem. Not everything is perfect but they did a lot of new and very fun things. Once you pass a certain point in the game it opens up to a wonderful exploration filled area where you can lose yourself for 20-30 hours easily. It truly is one of my favorite games even if I don't like it as a Final Fantasy title."
76561198068693088,Recommended,292120,33430832,Posted: 10 July,all,优良,so far so good
76561198079719038,Not Recommended,292120,18397071,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,psybuster,Very boring Final Fantasy EVER.
,Recommended,292120,33563617,Posted: 15 July,all,Inumaru08,"Really fun, the CG visual is very beautiful, but I'm not really fond of the gameplay. Kind of confusing because the role/paradigm change.But most of all, there's one vital weakness in this game. That is the translation is very very bad. Some translation didn't catch what the character wants to deliver on some dialogue. Sometimes, there's a translation on something to catch the expression of the character, and that's not necessary."
76561198331668071,Recommended,292120,33550260,Posted: 14 July,all,KryptoDragoon13,great game. amazing turn based stragedy system. just not being able to control the characters when i wanted to sucked.
,Recommended,292120,18423609,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,WhiteGirl,I BOUGHT IT FOR THE OST
,Recommended,292120,18375556,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,kestril ♥,I actually like this game. You can hate me now <3
76561198151369858,Recommended,292120,30549424,Posted: 16 March,all,SeoulStealer,Everyone's hating on the game but it's pretty fun
76561198103220043,Recommended,292120,18406747,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Giantkamel,hi
76561198001559697,Recommended,292120,18494747,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ChaosOMEGA,"Here is my two cents about Final Fantasy 13, First off the the story starts off a bit slow later on the game opens up more a bit liner. The battle system is unique its all about staggering your enemy to do max damage just about. When you beat the game you feel like you accomlished something lol. Now my likes and dislikes, What I liked about Final Fantasy 13. Is its story and it ritch and beauitful world game play of it felt like I was playing a MMO kinda grindy feeling. The ending of this game was just epic in my own judgement, i am not going to give away spoilers. Now for what I did not like about it, this is port from the console vershion but with better graphics..Don't try and play this game with keyboard and mouse FPS will suck if you do I highly recomend a controller for the FPS.. I am playing on a top tier pc and in some instances in the game its a bit laggish but not stutter but its hardly noticeble at times. If you can get past it and just play it, its great. The only issue I had with it was the FPS problem.. Now for me to tackle FF 13-2 and wait for Lighting Returns for PC. On a scale of one to ten I give this game a 8."
76561198064711078,Not Recommended,292120,18498167,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,RealSquibby,I am really trying to play this game without pulling what little hair I have left on my head out.
,Recommended,292120,18430282,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Holly Hazard,"On average with the consoleHaving beaten the hell out of this game on my xbox some years back, I didn't really bother getting to this version till now.  Like others have mentioned, the game is really just a clone of the console, even with my excellent PC and max settings I find this game tends to be jerky here and there.  At most times I can see the 60 fps shine through.  I wish square really put more work into this port as it could've had great potential.  The game itself is a walk in a long gorgeous hallway and it guides you from start to finish, giveing you some freedom on gran pulse to tackle on side quests.  The characters are great...well most are, square has a habit of putting in at least a handful of characters in each game recently that make you kinda nauseated having to listen to.  It's nice to be taking another spin through this game.  Graphics are  gorgeous, voice acting is great if not a little hoaky at times from a few people. The game is fairly long should you desire to accomplish everything.  Some people don't like linear game play, some do.  I can't tell you if you'll like it since there are fans of the series who love it and some who don't.  If you like point A to B games with a decent story and lots of pretty things to look at then maybe you'll like it....if you don't like the things mentioned above then maybe you won't..."
,Recommended,292120,15230910,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zeus.Sama;,"It's an alright game, but it's actually EXTREMELY easy once you get the hang of it.If you don't miss a single fight throughout the entire game, it will be easy enough to beat without grinding; ofcourse unless you're bad :)anyway, seems to be an exact port of the 360 version; i really can't tell much difference. Lightning is awesome.This game is better than the continuation/2nd one. This games story is better. Great Scenary."
,Recommended,292120,16372739,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BMSS,"The storyline is mediocre with a few good moments, the characters very cliché'd, but the combat system is challenging and fun, and overall the game is enjoyable. A very unique twist on RPG's, given the lack of the traditional towns/quest Hubs/NPC's."
76561198168914060,Not Recommended,292120,14751700,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Wmateria,"Great game, but the framerate can really drop in battles to 21fps, other wise its solid all the way around on field and cutscenes. Whats keeping me from playing is the sharp fps drop.. FF13-2 is even worst.. I recommand buying this game, but stay away from the second one. Supposedly Square Enix is going to fix it since late last year. I prefer playing XII without lag,"
76561198039405556,Recommended,292120,16310385,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,stillwindninja,"This Game has a slow start, Picks up around the 20th hour mark.Fun game over all, battle system stands out the most, i played it in japanese w/eng subs.Would recommend to buy when on sale."
,Recommended,292120,16360352,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kitsune God Tokens,Love this game.Havent played much on steam yet but i definitely will
76561198022148163,Not Recommended,292120,16348958,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenschur,The combat system makes me cry.
,Recommended,292120,16196248,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Human,Good games actually ..Dont care what ppl saying about this game .Just enjoy it ..
76561198046017660,Recommended,292120,16402150,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gummster,this game is really good
,Recommended,292120,16388742,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Satanichia,Good game
,Recommended,292120,16413313,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dnlgjmnz,"I finally bought Final Fantasy XIII and although I am barely a few hours in it is an incredible game. Of course, as most of you may already know, it is very linear but there are plenty of little areas that are not so easily seen that have treasure chests floating. The battles seamlessly start and you can avoid enemys altogether if you so wish. You can also sneak up on them for a preemptive strike. This game is a must have for any Final Fantasy fan. I have been waiting for this game since it came out on PS3 and now that the PC version finally has settings for resolution amongst other things it has made this game look absolutely beautiful. Not every fan will like this game because of how linear it is and because of the different path it's taken since older iterations of the game. I have every Final Fantasy from 1-13 Except for X-2 and the few that aren't available in the US and I love this game. Of course, I haven't even cracked the surface and I'm already sucked into the storyline."
,Recommended,292120,16335051,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,duvancho64,Beautiful graphics outstanding history (a little bit too pink romantic) and a challenging combat system.. 100 hours of gaming guaranteed
,Recommended,292120,16302451,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,DreamKnightVII,"Their story is grand and compelling--as absorbing as you could hope for in a long role-playing game. That's just as well, given the fun but flawed game woven around this excellent tale."
,Recommended,292120,16320786,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RaegalTBoggart,"(It's worth noting that I have already beaten the Xbox360 version of this game)This is an awkwardly implemented port of a fantastic game. Expect some slight framerate issues on mid-high end rigs (rarely drops below 25, and never for more than a second or two), but despite that, this is well worth a playthrough.It's a very linear (for the most part) Final Fantasy game, but don't underestimate it. If you think it's a ""Press A to win"" kind of game, you're sadly mistaken. Early parts are easy, but once Paradigms and Eidolons get into the mix, things start getting harder quickly. Strategy is key to success.This game also features some of the best character development I've ever seen in a videogame. What you see of the cast in the beginning will change dramatically by the end.All in all an excellent game and well worth the low price."
76561198105119437,Recommended,292120,12433002,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Jacklary,"Just add an exit in menu,unlock resolution,free binding keys ( esc really annoying me) then everything will be fine.Fixed."
,Recommended,292120,14312934,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,PikeyS999,I actually like the characters...
,Recommended,292120,13709817,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BlitSin,"TLDRGood: Excellent visuals, fun combat, great story(-telling), good character backstories.Bad: One-dimensional characters, mostly linear gameplayVerbose explanation of opinionsThe paradigm system is a great new feature for party configuration in battle. Party paradigms dictate what roles each party memer plays, as well as giving bonus buffs to the whole party depending on the configuration. This can be likened to how in football, where you have your standard offensive and defensive lines, and also special teams, except expect to be making frequent paradigm shifts in battle as the situations change.I never experienced the stereotypical JRPG grind in this game. The paradigm system and the Active Time Battle system keep the combat refreshing. Most battles can be tackled with proper selection of paradigms. In fact, I never upgraded any weapons, didn't complete many sidequests at all, and yet the ending was still comfortable and appropriately challenging. The pacing is definitely on point.One of the major drawbacks is that the game is mostly very linear. However, this is only until about Chapter 11, which is the point where you're thrown into an absolutely massive map to explore, with lots of things to kill and numerous sidequests.The story was enjoyable, and it was deep and complex. However, character development for the most part missed its mark. With a few exceptions, many characters seemed very one-dimensional in their mentality throughout the game. However, the storytelling partially makes up for this. The intricately connected character backgrounds are gradually revealed through the game, and the connections are revealed in an interesting way.Final Fantasy XIII also features one of my all-time favorite characters: Sazh. He is the most well-developed character in the entire game. The black dude with a chocobo in his 'fro might raise eyebrows, but he is the most relatable character, and acts as the sole voice of sanity while everybody else around himseems to try to pound into your brain their ""I'm a hero"" spiel (looking at you, Snow)."
76561198101647377,Recommended,292120,13631441,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ciela,Awsome game!
76561198017414911,Recommended,292120,13716359,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Zero,"Got this game on my Xbox360 and playstation 3 and fully played it out on the 2 of them, now going to do the same thing.No matter how many times I play it, it is a very good beautifully made game."
,Recommended,292120,13641510,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SLAPPY ツ,It does not deserve all the crap it has gotten
76561198001487164,Recommended,292120,13687333,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rups,"good game, except the fact you have to rewatch some cutscenes after failing a boss battle, which sometimes takes 4 minutes."
76561198087349374,Recommended,292120,14991914,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,firefetched,Great game indeed. Must have for final fantasy fan.
76561198167371816,Recommended,292120,15015578,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Soulmancer19,yes
76561198123428446,Recommended,292120,15018225,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tak Mashido,"It's fine, I guess."
,Recommended,292120,15022559,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,crawletas,"Very good game, it is indeed different from other FF games as its linear narrative leads you to do what the game wants you to, but despite that it is an awesome game:PROS: new combat mode, all chars receive the same XP (even if they are on your party or not)CONS: sometimes you are forced to battle the some mobs to gain XP as you can't travel to other places whenever you want.8/10."
,Recommended,292120,15022706,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,YoshiYu - MMOSITEvn,All Hail FF
76561198107173180,Not Recommended,292120,15003592,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bendzis,I wouldn't recommend to play FF XII. The graphical design looks nice howere the story development is very confusing and  characters are weak an uninteresting which makes the whole gameplay just going from one point to another and killing creatures for no apperent reason. Dialogues look very artificial and there and most of the times they dont lead to anything and are irrelevant. I've played 4 hours and I am fed up with this game.
76561197993372981,Not Recommended,292120,14389509,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Pugachu,Do not buy this unless you have a console controler. Pretty poor port.
76561198048212158,Not Recommended,292120,14389984,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Child of the Chu,"So, i've tried all the proposed solutions to fix the large amount of stuttering and lag in this game, all to no avail.as someone who is quite a large fan of Square Enix's games, i just find it so surprising they can build massive and amazing looking games, but cant get them to run on pc for♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously, one patch to fix the stuttering, thats all we need right now and its very much needed.P.S. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together SEWould not recommend"
,Recommended,292120,14390805,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Arondight,"I've never played any of the other games in the FF franchise, so this is my first but I've played other JRPGs (Tales of Vesperia, Star Ocean; TLH & Eternal Sonata). I bought FF13 on the Xbox360 some years back but never played past the first chaper. Lol I'am playing this now on PC but I use an Xbox360 controller to play.Initially I hated the the ""automatic"" feeling battle system ( you just line up the commands and swap paradigms) where I couldn't move my charactors around or block. A few hours in and you're kinda invested in the story as well as the charactors (great charactor and plot development) and you can't help but keep pressing on to see the outcome of the plot and even the ""auto"" battle system starts to grow on you as the enemies get more challenging especially the boss fights.The cutscenes look gorgeous, the in game soundtrack is varied as well as great, I've heard about the negative responses to this installation of the franchise but since I've never played any of the other Fianal Fantansy games, I'll say that this is quite a good buy at $10 when I picked it up on Steam. I might pick up FF13-2 when I eventually finish this game and if time permits (LOL JRPGs are a rather large time investment)."
,Recommended,292120,14392807,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Litho,"I should start off by saying I'm not a fan of the Final Fantasy series, but somehow I was curious about FFXIII.The good:This game gets a lot of smack all around the series fanboys or just jrpg fans in general, since I'm not neither I actually liked the game a lot, not for the gameplay, but for the story. The story is better than other FF games I've played before (VI, VII, VIII, X) and the characters (not all of them) are pretty decent, Lightning being the best one in my opinion and I do not believe she's as one dimensional as everyone says she is, she's the one that actually makes the more reasonable decisions in the game.The voice acting is spot on (except Vanille, who I think was trying to mimic the super cute japanese anime girl style and just got to be the most annoying thing in the whole game)The world is actually pretty interesting when you get to understand how things work, at the start you're as lost as one can be. It is a way more sci-fi focused world than other FF games, which is one of things I liked about the game.The combat was interesting, mixing real time combat with a queue of moves worked really well, specially since one character attacked after another making the whole battle seems more fluid than other turn based combat.The bad:I have to say is F*** me, this game has awful pc performance, the framerate is all over the place, cutscenes are rendered in 720p and the controls can get a bit weird at times, but the main issue for me was the framerate, at one point it got to 10fps on a menu screen while I was trying to level up my character.Vanille voice acting.Hope ♥♥♥♥♥ing about everything.This might be a personal note, but some characters and things happening feel like JRPG tropes, like having a super bubbly and cute girl, a whiny kid, villains who laugh just because they are evil (Who does that?) and some exagerated scenes with a lot of feels while some melodramatic music plays on the background (I think I would've liked those scenes better if they didn't have the music, making you focus more on whats being said and the seriousness of the situation and whats going on)The Conclusion:If you're after a good rpg with a pretty decent writing, good voice acting (Ali Hillis and Troy Baker did an amazing job) and some pretty interesting characters, you might want to give this a chance.The linearity (which is what most people complained about the game) made sense design wise when you realize what they were going for (around chapter 10 or 11), and also I actually liked that, it kept me focused on the story wanting to keep going and not being forced to explore and grind my way through the game (later on you might have to, but not for the most part). But for the most part the game has you going from point A to point B and then watching some cutscenes (the game has a LOT of cutscenes, be ready for that, so just sit back and enjoy the show).If you're anything like me (not into the FF series, JRPGS or even turn based combat for the most part) play it for the story and not for the game."
76561198116050589,Recommended,292120,14395087,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jeffmezz,"UbuntuStudioX64Wine x86 1.7.35 (PlayOnLinux)Geforce GTX 760Intel dual core 1.66Ghzdxdiagdirectx9directxfullsetup.net framework 1-4.5I have a really decent system though no SLI or crossfire a GTX760 GPU and dual core intell 1.66Ghs CPU and I cannot run this game on max settings and pieces of my character disappear as I increase quality Im stuck on Full screen 1920X1080512x512 Shad and 2x anti aliasing any help would be appretiated my gpu drivers are the newest stable version from NVIDIA.That said this game is somewhat annoying as the first 3 hours of the game are essentually linear and a tutorial. In the begining your battle system is beyond basic and gets better as you progress this part almost made me put it immediatly down because it felt like one big movie that you could only press attack,attack, and heal...LOL after that is starts getting harder and funnerer but you have to stick with it. The camera is annoying with its angles and makes you want to have a seizure lol but other than that its what I expected. For non-annoying characters switch language to japanese and use English subtitles because the voice acting and script is atrocious...lol This game has wonderfull visuals that sort of make up for its short comings.  It was worth the $8.00"
76561197997023160,Recommended,292120,14397670,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Thrus,"Only just begun but I sugest using a controler the controls for keyboard are badly though out, I can't operate wasd to move enter/backpace to run menus/interact and the mouse for the camera at the same time that requires three hands."
,Recommended,292120,14398302,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Brainfire,Мир этой игры зачаровывает все таки)
76561197999526219,Recommended,292120,14377561,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pull on it,good game
,Recommended,292120,14346140,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,tyree89733,As always Final Fantasy Storylines always get you so sucked in that you lose track of time and don't wanna get off... Love It!
,Recommended,292120,14356439,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Roboticwonderwaffle,just beautiful. Great look. Great actors. Great plot......One thing I hate.. Lightning. Her voice doesnt match well and she is kinda a ♥♥♥♥♥. Plus the first area... soo boring. enemy after enemy. No new skills. Its just attack attack attack potion attack attack attack attack. No doubt it changes later in game but. Bad way to start. other wise get the game. it's visuals alone make it worth it.
,Not Recommended,292120,14359987,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Omodi,Game crashes on start up.  Can't play it.
76561198121356667,Recommended,292120,14364012,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,scrapeape420,Amazing game. Great visuals.
,Not Recommended,292120,14364283,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[BRO] o19,"Let me begin by praising the overall art design and fantastic focus on contrasting color schemes in each environment.  The music is also enjoyable if somewhat bland, in comparison to any other Final Fantasy game.This is where my praise of the game ends.My primary complaint about FF13 is that you don't so much play the game as you watch the game.  In the first five hours of game play, approximately two hours were comprised of the characters standing around reciting the same lines about l'Cie, Pulse, The Purge, etc.  FF13 is not so much a video game as a theatric movie with some interactive portions.The dialogue is also bad... very bad.  For a theatric game that is composed mostly of pre-scripted FMV segments it would make sense to focus on coherent, enjoyable dialogue.  Instead, the five characters insistently repeat the same nonsense over and over again.  There are a few keywords (l'Cie, Pulse, Purge, etc.) that are continually thrown out for effect with long, unnecessary pauses.  I get that Japanese culture is different, but every time a character opened their mouth it felt like a teenage melodrama.The use of JRPG archetypes is paper thin:•	(Lightning) Lead character is a woman so she has to be a cold, callous♥♥♥♥♥♥•	(Snow) Has to constantly announce his desire to save the world/his GF•	(Hope) Constantly gasping and making shocked noises of fear/concern•	(Sazh) Token black guy•	(Vanille) Literally the Jar Jar Binks of FF13In the game play department, FF13 no longer uses the traditional random encounter style of action.  In fact, it doesn't use any type of recognizable RPG fighting design.  Instead, the game has literally incorporated an Auto Attack feature to strip the user from having to do ANYTHING!  It is unconscionable for a game, particularly an RPG, to have an auto-play function.  The user is transitioned into a bystander; a passing observer instead of a participant in the game.The environments, while beautiful, are comprised entirely of narrow hallways and corridors.  Again, this is meant to restrict the user experience and bottle them into pre-determined events and battles.TL;DR - Terrible JRPG nonsense plot with nonexistent game-play that panders to the modern crowd of graphics-first, content-later players."
,Recommended,292120,14206548,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Forged1nFire,"Lets start out by saying, ""this game is for everyone"" . Cause we can say that. FFXIII is a great action JRPG, that takes you on a long and eventful adventure. that could take 100's of hours to complete.  The battle system is pretty good aswell. much like its counterparts it makes great use of its (newer flashy) strategic turn based combat. I find that this sort of combat in video games allow me to kick-back and enjoy the game, not mashing my controller. While still being challenged.  You get imersive cinematics that tell most the story. (and take up more than half the game).  And loads of content.Though, the graphics are great the porting was done improperly making it splotchy and unfocused camera at times.  I've yet to play FFXIII-2 but i heard the porting was very well done.Graphics/Porting- 6/10Audio/Music-9/10Gameplay-8/10"
76561198166298381,Recommended,292120,14190885,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HazmatGamer88,"Many people don't like this game due to the ""hours"" of cutscenes. But yet that is what makes a very good story plot. 10/10. Love it."
76561198046239614,Recommended,292120,14125639,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dreadful QB!,"Now that the game is on sale for the amount of money it's actually worth, FF-XIII is most enjoyable as long as you take it for what it is.It is NOT A GAME. It is, however, a most enjoyable, extra-long, quasi-interactive movie.If you're looking for Squeenix' gorgeous world building, the best music you have heard in a Final Fantasy game, and an entertaining story starred by Squeenix' usual, formulaic  party, then FF-XIII is for you.If you're looking for actually a game or an RPG with depth, look elsewhere.Put it on wishlist. If you catch it during on a 50% sale (like I did), then you have no excuse not to buy it."
,Recommended,292120,14238700,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr.Bex,"except graphic in game, Final Fantasy 12 still better than thisif you are Final Fantasy lover and do not have PS3 (PS3 version better than PC), i recommended to buy this gameif not dont buy this game"
,Recommended,292120,13794031,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nos804,"For those who are bashing this game in reviews, they aren't worth listening to. This is a great game, though a slightly finicky port(No real issues though). The story line of this game is wonderful, the same goes for 13-2. The graphics of this game still stand out despite the age of the game, and the combat system is fun, albeit a but hand holdy. I'd highly recommend this game if you are a FF fan, or enjoy good stories, as its worth every second."
76561197975396902,Recommended,292120,13794029,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dale Alan,"I grew up playing Final Fantasy games, in my opinion they were best during the early 2000's. When Square joined with Enix the franchise took a major hit and almost lost complete direction. Final Fantasy X-2 was the game that made me put down my Playstation 2 controller. Round about that time Half-Life 2 released on PC and i never went back to the console.So its 2015 and its time to give Final Fantasy a try again, except this time on Steam. Final Fantasy XIII has completely blown me away. I am so glad that i can say i was able to enjoy my old childhood favorite once again. Final Fantasy XIII for its age looks absolutely incredible. The models are beautifully rendered and the overall visuals are almost flawless. The soundtrack takes me back to the production quality of Final Fantasy X and it really helps to make for a solid engaging experience. The battle system is refreshing and most of all fun. There is alot of variety in the party set-up allowing you to tackle many tricky mechanics. The story length is sufficient for a core Final Fantasy title and the game presents a wide array of envioments to keep things fresh. The character design is excellent and each character has a unique personality that shines through well.The game can be a bit too linear and it takes a good few hours before the story really picks up. If you give it some time you will be rewarded.Thank you Square-Enix for bringing Final Fantasy back into the picture again, its been a pleasure playing this game and i highly recomend it to any old fans that want to experience a core Final Fantasy again.10/10"
76561198000917868,Recommended,292120,13796344,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,zombie0311,"All in all it is a great game. At times it does just feel like a mindless grind, FF13 does open up around chapter 10 once there you get full control over the progession system. Story is a little tricky to follow but with the data log you can read a summerized version. all in all if you missed it on ps3 get this version and enjoy, Cant wait for FF15!!!"
,Recommended,292120,13750371,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,goishen,"This game is fun, if and this is a big if, you like extremely linear games and story driven RPG's.I could only take it for about an hour at a time.  After that?  Ugh.  So, I'd put it down, come back to it a couple'a hours later.   Start playing all over again.   It is a very fun (if somewhat confusing) game.   Although, I think I'd be in a much better place if I had played the previous games."
,Recommended,292120,13786692,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,erickfis,"Game is awesome!!!I've started playing on Dec 31 and have only a few hours of game-play, but I'm sure I can tell you this: this game is totally worth your time!- The graphics are really  good, to the point that will get you a bonner, seriously! I've never saw anything like this in my gaming history,- The battle system is pretty cool and addicting. Getting a preemptive strike is very cool!- The story, I'm loving it.- PC optimization: plays really good and smooth on my PC with a wireless Xbox360 controller.Windows 8.1 x64, 16Gb ddr3, intel i5 4670, amd R9-280.Downsides:- the game will cost you 60Gb of HD space, but I assure you that it pays off- camera control could be better. Sometimes it will prevent you from getting those juice preemptive strikes.I really can't tell why people bash this game so hard. Maybe at launch wasn't that good."
,Not Recommended,292120,13785181,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Aglas,"This is The Worst AAA game I have ever playedBad Terrible bad PC portThe ""Story"" could have be written by a kidThe characters are just plain stupid.I hate every single character in this game they are just stupid Japanese Anime stereotype cry baby'sThe game has an Easy mode and BTW the normal mode is already easyIt is just boring! boring in a way didn't know f i want to play it longer for now i played it for about 2hand i can't stand this game.The battle system is just press Enter 3x and all the normal enemy's die.This is not FF.49GB on my Hard driveThis Games is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy it if you like FF"
,Recommended,292120,13773306,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,brucerick,"Interesting game.  It definitely looks very nice but the controls are definitely not set up for a left hander, or a computer.  I also don't like the camera controls, but the story line at least seems to be there.  So far, only 30 minutes in, it seems to be a very straight forward game with not many real choices of where you are going, though I do expect that to change later."
76561198067430227,Recommended,292120,13789533,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cherbear,"First time playing one of the later Final Fantasy games. I have to say, this game has impressed me so far. I am aware that there is  a lot of forced paths and not much diversity in terms of playstyle in the early game, but I am enjoying the characters and the battle mechanics."
,Recommended,292120,13790243,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Yellow Sub Zero,"Playing this, I am strongly reminded of Persona 3; the difference is that the intended protagonist is an angsty, edgy ♥♥♥♥♥, the soundtrack is boring, and I cannot into dating. Also, FFXIII manages to have more boring corridors than a game set almost entirely inside a big tower.Both games still feature a useless kid party member who eats dirt every time he goes into a fight, no matter what, and you can't control your party.I hope Square Enix took a page out of SMT's book and learned for XIII-2 or whatever that full-AI partymembers makes for a party that constantly makes infuriatingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ judgement calls. That and not having the ability to manually space my party out so template and AOE attacks don't ♥♥♥♥ us all over at the same time. A full auto-pilot button would also be nice, it'd save my thumb from mashing A to win the game on long fights where the enemy has no weaknesses and I can't build any stagger on them.It's games like this that make me wish there was a ""Meh"" button when reccommending, it is honestly hit and miss. It's a FF game, and tactics has been exchanged for strapping some semblance of strategy to your party, clinging tightly to the RNG, and praying hard that your party decides to be useful."
,Recommended,292120,17720123,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Seven,"Production value leaves almost nothing to be desired. Most will argue that the combat system is boring, but the company was just staying faithful to the mecahnics of past FF games. Personally, I enjoyed this title more than others. 9/10."
,Recommended,292120,19727128,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,mispy,"I might be biased because it's the first Final Fantasy since VI with a female protagonist (Lightning is so badass <3), but I've always had more of a soft spot for FFXIII than a lot of people I know."
,Recommended,292120,17728695,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,longyoc,they have fixed it thnk you
,Recommended,292120,16974986,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,mara17,This game is very linear. Battles can be win just with clicking one key. Story is cofusing. ButI am big fun of Final Fantasy so I will beat this game!Girls are pretty and this game has also great music and graphic.
,Recommended,292120,16251386,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Alael,"FF13 has been a nice journey for me and its kinda sad that its already over  wish there where more,The story if understood in its entirety (ff13-1,ff13-2 ff13-3) is very beautiful not couting the amazing soundtrack,If you like turn based game on the combat phase and a nice story awesome cinematic id suggrest you to try the game."
76561197995445537,Recommended,292120,20261124,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HookaH,Ein Muss für jeden FF-Fan!
,Recommended,292120,20237166,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gundam194,"Important warning!To be honest, I have not played the game much so far. However, I have an important warning for prospective buyers! Beware, FFXIII has extremely poor gamepad support. There is a specific bug that I am referring to, which makes the game freeze at every dialogue menu. After much research, I have concluded that this bug can affect any gamepad device. And at this point in time, there are no sure fire fixes.Otherwise, FFXIII is pretty awesome. It's a gorgeous game with decent gameplay and a great narrative. If you don't mind playing with a keyboard and mouse, pick it up. But for people like me, who foolishly assume that the game has controller support -- think again.I hope this review can save a few others from suffering my fate.UPDATE: User dB built a utility that fixes the bug for Xbox One controllers.http://steamcommunity.com/app/292120/discussions/0/451848855027024475/"
76561198014674681,Recommended,292120,20283870,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,labmonke101（草泥马),Not sure why all the hate
76561198045783194,Recommended,292120,20243251,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JakiGefjon,Excellent port of this beautiful game.  Looks stunning in 4k dsr with AA.  Amazing how a game designed for ps3 could look so good.  Much credit to the japanese artists.
,Recommended,292120,20232831,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,James,"I don't like hope, he's annoying.9/10"
76561198002871853,Recommended,292120,20242555,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,darsch,"This game needs no high end spec. You can enjoy story line and beautiful characters with 6-year old computer like me.One thing that annoying me  is later boss is very high hp and took me hour for beat some. I cannot defeat final boss with level 3 and 4 crytalism on my first try. Have to read guide some more, lol."
76561198210689701,Recommended,292120,20261872,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Quadrinity,"Good,Awesome,cool Games"
,Recommended,292120,19756768,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vangel,"For the longest time I had a prejudice against this game, due to all the bad reviews I was hearing about it. But after playing it for myself, I found I actually enjoyed it more than I imagined. However, there's really not a lot of replay value in it for me, as lots of big things bothered me about it. Most notably the lack of side quests, and the fact that you can't revisit a lot of the first areas on Cocoon."
76561198028546254,Not Recommended,292120,20165931,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ht34819_9,"This game had me screaming at my screen! It's so goddamn pretentious!! The gameplay is average, i guess, but the writing is atrocious and the characters are SO STUPID! I've had enough of Square Enix and their patronizing attitude towards their customers. I thought I had learned my lesson when the last one sucked as well, but obviously not. This will be the last FF game i ever buy."
76561198207688119,Recommended,292120,20106756,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JaioSolas,"Have played on PS, it is quite good that could see it be modified to PC. Anyway, I like the ATB system even many people do not really like it."
76561198054382705,Not Recommended,292120,20196032,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,dsastrigger,"From all of the FF i've played, this is by far the worst. I'll list some of the problems I had below:- Inconvenient gameplay:1) Controlling the movement of my character during battles: whenever an enemy throws an area attack on my sentinel, always (and I mean it) my character will stick closer to him/her, taking free damage for nothing. Star Ocean 3 and Kingdom Hearts were from PS2 and didn't have this cr@p to deal with.2) The level up system is annoying: forget to activate a stone somewhere and you'll have to backtrack all the way back until you find the missing piece. I don't know if I am a bad player at this game, but I had to grind A LOT everytime the story progressed. What about balance?3) You have to do missions through never-ending corridors. And if by chance you have skipped a mission to activate a teleporter stone (like me), prepare yourself for a LONG walk to Mordor. And again. And again. AND AGAIN. Damn, just let me teleport wherever I reach a new place or let the walk be more fun. I had the impression I was doing chores than playing.4) Terrible story-telling: tons of pages of the game's glossary to understand what's going on. There are more efficient ways to convey a story to the gamer rather than making him read right? What about put the part it matters on the cutscenes?In conclusion, there are better FFs to play out there."
,Recommended,292120,24288113,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,allisterfinley,"Fun, great storyline.  Sometimes the story can be a bit too emo, but it is a JPRG afterall.  The tubalur one way dungeons are extremely annoying and very non-explorer friendly.  Go from point a to b, NO EXCEPTIONS!"
,Recommended,292120,23461091,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ypie,allthough different from most of the other Final Fantasys this game was able to ensure that the player attention was focused on the moveing forward. The story line was mostly liner till the end which was a little repetitive after a while the the story was able to help you too move past that. there was many times when it was hard to stop playing because of the suspense.
76561198073528093,Recommended,292120,23524556,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Neowo,"The story was amazing and I loved it. Boss fights were little bit too long and kinda boring and the paradigm system was stupid, that was the thing I didn't like. I also liked games cutscenes and afterall I would rate this game 9/10 I recommend this game for everyone."
,Recommended,292120,23111877,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,heckypecky,"FF XIII isn't more linear than your average game. It just doesn't put any effort into hiding it. There's always this awkward and useless minimap that reminds you of the fact that the map has a start and endpoint.That said, the story part of FF XIII (20-30h IIRC) is basically a huge cutscene with some bossfights in between. If you're the type of player that skips conversations and can't be bothered reading log entries, this is the wrong game for you. The post-game awaits with grind, optimization and crazy hard super bosses.Story is okay. Cast is okay (Lightning is great, Sazh is dank and Hope annoying as ♥♥♥♥). Music is great.BUT it is a bad port. You have to do some system tweaking to get it to run smoothly:- plug in a controller- disable as many HID-Compliant devices as possible in the device manager- create an application-specific profile for your video driver- download RivaTuner Statistics Server and limit the game to 30 fps- exit any Logitech software that's running- run the game in window mode"
,Recommended,292120,13576553,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xzeonn,"A sensual adventure in mindblowingly beautiful world. Enchanting music and wonderful story... it's all there.Perhaps it starts a bit slow, or reading details of mythos from a log could be a let down. Perhaps gameplay stresses story over exploration or heavy action. But for me it wasn't a problem at all (more time to listen to music, look around, chill after a fight or contemplate what happened). Amazingly it holds the attention the whole time. It feels like a grand adventure.Plot raises many interesting questions, intricately linked with psyche as characters are themselves. Enormous level of attention to the details can be seen everywhere - from glowing crystals to music.The most inportant thing - the game explores serious topics like kindness, friendship, family, conformity problems, authority, corruption, mind control and conditioning, compassion, life - and does it very well. It is a rarity not only among games nowadays, but in general.So if you are looking for a grand adventure with a wonderful plot, exploration of your own sensuality and psyche, mindblowing beauty - this is it."
76561198178842851,Recommended,292120,23631818,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,neikzy,Awesome!
76561198178157062,Recommended,292120,30798512,Posted: 28 March,all,Komplex,"This and the whole XIII series of the Final Fantasy are the best :3 Sometimes i feel a bit tierd of the combats but then a new cutscene comes in and i'm just watching it like a little kid the a cartoon. The story is absolutely loveable and You can't quit it, always feel like ""Come on just a bit more, just a little bit"" and You realize it's already midnight, i recommend this game for everyone who loves the complex stories."
,Recommended,292120,23642677,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Weiss,"Best game eva , no wonder uzumaki khan hyped like crazy when they announced ff remake at ps experience 2015 ."
,Recommended,292120,23644657,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,✪ notorious,"Amazing game, can't wait to relive the entire Final Fantasy franchise on PC!"
76561198158802282,Recommended,292120,30796568,Posted: 28 March,all,Black sheep,"Like in most Final Fantasy games, it is visually beautiful IMO. I really like the soundtracks/music. Gameplay and story are alright. Battle system is pretty good. As this is a Final Fantasy RPG game, some grindings (and looking at walkthroughs) are required to get a 100% achievement. If you hate grinding, you don't need to try to get 100% achievement because I also found it tiresome / not worth doing. I spent about 200 hours in this game because I tried to get 100% completion and sometimes I was just idle, but you can finish the main story in about 50 hours."
,Recommended,292120,23320909,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Pengca,Don't sell your accessories if you want stupid achievement
,Not Recommended,292120,20371094,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GOKLOK ♒,"After underground railway save,finally feel fun. 26hr+First part of game damn boring with limit customize system."
76561198056682679,Recommended,292120,23559469,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,rene.perron,Probably the worst FF after 8... of course if you like 8 you may also like this one :/   its still a final fantasy story decent as is game play worth it on discount
76561198055600073,Recommended,292120,16688044,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SentientTuna,This game makes dark souls look like it's for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cheated on the very last boss (gave all my characters 99999999 hp) and got one shotted.
76561198081751383,Recommended,292120,23844112,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SASUKE2010,"I would like from the company to review the game because it is not working well here I tried to reinstall it after I download it again but still the same problem, Please check the game because once I reached in a mission it stops and give me black screen"
,Recommended,292120,23846624,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Garet,"Yes, the game is linear but it's not so bad as people say.+ Great soundtrack+ Paradigm system is dynamic and fluid+ Plot is solid enough (if you read all the datalogs)- Plot won't make much sense if you skip the datalogs (bad storytelling)- Linear during the first 30 hours- Grand Pulse is so big and with so many ""kill monster X in less than 10 seconds"" types of quest that you suddenly miss the previous corridor simulatorI'd give it a solid 7.5/10Fang/Lightning/Hope is by far the best setup"
,Recommended,292120,23873076,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Greendog0715,"In my opinion this game is great, while the story isn't as good as older FF games such as Final Fantasy VII the over all gameplay is enjoyable and the soundtrack is fantastic."
76561198040204047,Recommended,292120,24094976,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Writr,"Okay. So right from the get-go, I want to say that I'm reviewing this as a game in its own rights, not as a Final Fantasy game. So there is that to start.Cons:Corridor-central. Invisible walls are all over the place and make it a little difficult to tell exactly where you are allowed to go, and you really only have one path to ever follow.Cut-scenes, at least from what I have seen thus far, are not skipable. I've already played this game before when it was back on the Playstation 3, and so I don't really want to sit through all the cutscenes again. Unfortunately, it appears I don't have much of a choice.In battle, I can really only control one character. I can set roles for the others - such as whether to be offensive or defensive - but otherwise that's about it. So it feels like I'm not entirely in-control.You can change *some* of the keybinds, but not all. And, unfortunately, the only ones you can change are the ones that aren't that important to begin with (opening the menu, stuff like that). Considering how few keys you really need it isn't that big of a deal, but it does seem silly that only some controls can be changed.Controlling the camera is absolutely horrendous. You can't change mouse sensitivity, and so it often feels like it takes forever to move the camera where you want it to. This is an RPG so, again, it isn't really that important, but it made the game feel clunky.The character dialogue is pretty clunky. Maybe it's just the translation from Japanese, but it all does sound/feel forced, and as a result it's hard to properly connect with the characters.So now you're probably looking at all the negatives and wondering ""why is he still recommending this game?"" Well, here's why:The battles are surprisingly fast-paced, especially with the ""common"" (I only say so because they appear more than once, even though they are scripted) enemies. This means that when you come up against a boss who takes a while to take out, it actually *feels* like a boss.Though the dialogue is clunky, the story is still really fascinating. The worldbuilding they've done makes it feel like it really is a different world with its own complexities, as opposed to some of the earlier Final Fantasy games where it was just ""different world different stuff"". So that's nice.For a six year-old game, the graphics still hold up. My laptop can't run much more than moderate Skyrim graphics, but this game looks fantastic on it. Honestly, it's gorgeous.Overall, I've enjoyed replaying the game again, six years later. I think that it's definitely a work-in-progress sort of thing as far as there being a lot of new ideas, and I'm hoping that things were refined in the newer games. Here's my final thoughts as far as whether you should buy this game:If you're looking for a game that is open-world and offers a lot of customization, you shouldn't buy this game.If you're looking for a game that has some fun gameplay, pretty graphics, and a decent story, then you should buy this game."
76561198075572390,Recommended,292120,24016123,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Medispawn,"I originally purchased this game on Xbox 360 and got so bored I stopped somewhere near the beginning.  After repurchasing on Steam and playing through to the end, I must say, I quite enjoyed this one.  It is a lot more linear than the previous final fantasies, but that changes towards the end.  The leveling system is on point and the difficulty can be quite intense at times.  I found myself feeling empty when it was finally over; however, it does allow you to continue playing after you beat it (to finish sidequests and such).  TL;DR I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,292120,24037219,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,astroneko404,"Great battle system, great characters, great story and great music, but the linear story line sucks."
76561198235903808,Recommended,292120,24813748,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,guerra9016,The reception of Final Fantasy XIII will get better with age. i dont mind the story or have a problem with the game ive enjoyed it so far 13 hrs into it. voice acting is ok and the music isnt as classic from past FF games combat starts off simple but it gets batter.
,Not Recommended,292120,22308796,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,genuinebbuck,"The story is convoluted and uninteresting, it's irritating how the party switches like every half hour, the battle system is just okay, it looks pretty good visually,  the maps are super linear, the skill tree is more linear than the maps. With all that you think it would at least run good, maybe that would be it's redeeming feature. For lack of a much longer answer, no it runs like @$$. When I finish the game maybe my opinion will change but for now I give this game a 35 out of 100 because it's not the worst game I've ever played but it fails to keep my attention."
,Recommended,292120,19946188,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Carrot,"Very pretty to look at, that is pretty much all the good things I can say about it.The bad things; lots of issues with stability, the graphics look great but it stutters, and on a couple of occasions when going from menu to the game it would stop my keyboard being able to input anything.I loved all the other games and have both VII and VIII on here that I will get around to finishing again at somepoint.I really wanted to get my teeth into this game and really enjoy it, but I ended up just uninstalling it.I'll check it again at somepoint and see if its playable.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit:Sorted out the stability issue and the stuttering. The keyboard issue seemed to fix its self.Have enjoyed the little bit of the game I have played; need to sit down and put in the hours to get to grips with the game.Would now recommend to people."
76561198269279968,Recommended,292120,22319685,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,wednesday1372,After 100+ hours in ff13 to reach 100% again (did it once already on the 360 few years ago) I would say get this game10/10 would grind again
76561198030671819,Recommended,292120,22425457,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Zidaryn,"TL/DR: Good port, don't know where the complaints are coming from on that front. Great graphics and music. Battle system sucks. Like the level system. Story is good, but not as good as other FFs.Review is Spoiler Free.There have been a bunch of reviews trashing this game as being a poor port of the game, or that the play quality is bad. I have not found that to be the case. I play with a USB controller on a Windows 10 with the default setting and it plays perfectly for me.The cut scenes are amazing. The music outstanding. And the graphics are beautiful.If I was to give this game any poor marks it would be in the battle system. It feels way way too passive. I'd have honestly prefferd Square to go back to a turn based battle system like from FF X or X-2. FF XII had a nice, neat, and active battle system, even with the gimicks making a bit more passive. However for this game, FF XIII, it feels like I spend most of my time just hitting auto, and you can't even switch which charechter is active.A game system I did like about this game is the level system. I am SO HAPPY that it at least gives you an idea of how to build each charechter but it also has the freedom to do what you want. I absolutely hated the level system in FF XII, and the ones in FF VII and VIII are right close behind. Those level systems had me getting bored/ not likeing games with great story that I really wanted to play.Lastly. Story. I'll admit, at this time I haven't finsished the game. But I have found the story to be pretty good. Though not as good as many other games in the Final Fantasy series. My favourites, FF X and FF IX, grabbed me and held me tight with vast and diffrent charechters with many diffrent reasons, and while it was all fantastical, it was beliveable and felt smoth. Final Fantasy XIII, while it has a good story, doesn't feel as real or smoth to me as others have.Thanks. Enjoy."
76561197997012077,Not Recommended,292120,22417060,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Honfo,"I'm sorry is this supposed to be a final fantasy game or a game where i push one button over and over again while the AI takes control and plays this entire stupid game for me. Yes, the story is compelling, graphics are amazing but if you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at square wanted to make a movie, make a ♥♥♥♥ing movie.Oh how I've watched a-many review about this game and how it is a death trap, I refused to listen. There is no way that Square would relase such a linear game. Its just the first part thats one directional because its basically tutorial. There will be an open world aspect soon enough...right? No, its all true. This game is a disgrace and a mockery. Don't buy it."
76561198034248074,Not Recommended,292120,22418696,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,technetium siamendes,Whilst the storyline is good and character modelling is great the actual gameplay/combat is heavily repetitive and dull. This is a game where you grind through tedious enemies and bosses to watch a relatively decent anime. Would have been far better as a movie rather than a game.
,Not Recommended,292120,22345666,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Shibnibblies,"I originally posted a positive review for this, because it's FF and I love FF games. But I just finished it and the plot is so convoluted I still have no idea what was going on.If you like a game where the cutscenes outnumber the actual play time and the fighting is 98% automatic, this game is for you. At one point I had a cutscene, walked for 2 seconds and had another cutscene. I definately won't be playing this again and am happy to be done with it so it can be uninstalled."
,Recommended,292120,21399942,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MacMillan,"This game is so bad I actually need a 3rd party solution to get my XONE controller working.But I still recommend it, since Lightning and Vanille are so goddamn cute.Update: after 10 linear chapters the game suddenly becomes open-world in chapter 11, with side quests, teleportation and such. I don't like it."
,Recommended,292120,22642776,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vealoth,Same game i enjoyed years ago. 7.5/10.
,Recommended,292120,20936356,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"This is the best FInal Fantasy game I ever played. Love the characters except Vanille, sorry but she is annoying because she moans when she attacks...not to mention I keep hearing british accent in some lines. Lightning and Dahz are my favorite characters. This is a must have if you like previous Final Fantasy games. 10/10. Looking forward to the sequels of this game."
,Not Recommended,292120,20950813,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,WλR HOG 419,"This is not a Final Fantasy game... You are on a straight path the entire time. there is no exploring. Or grinding to LV up.. The combat system is god awful, you only control one charcter. The story is more terrible and painful than the dumb voice acting. I love the final fantasy games and have played them since the first one came out on the NES... this game is waaay too stupid and dull and basicly unenjoyable in every aspect. It takes everything great about the Final Fantasy games and puts it all together and craps on it and flushes it down the toilet and doesnt use it."
,Recommended,292120,20883604,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Doomnahct,"This is an excellent game and an okay port. I first played and beat the game on PS3; it was obviously good enough that I purchased it again for round two. The story and the graphics are both great. My only complaint stems from the control scheme, which really expects you to use a controller. Overall, it's worth the price of admission, especially on sale."
,Not Recommended,292120,30693643,Posted: 23 March,all,Quinine!,"The port is really bad. Limited graphical settings (2 resolutions, 4 levels of AA and that's about it). The controls were clearly designed for a controller and don't work well on keyboard / mouse. The camera has weird controller acceleration on it. Cutscenes are unskippable. The game is really linear, like a hallway with enemies in it, and then you kill them and see a cutscene.Lightning and Snow were cool I guess. Maybe stick to the console version."
,Not Recommended,292120,20909502,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Soldier [SP],"I simply can't believe what i'm reading in the possitive comments.... First of all this game is linear as hell, it destroyed everything that made FF franchise make history, the RPG component, this is not an RPG this is an action game like Metal Gear Rising, more like a hit and run. It's Ok but it's not what final fantasy used to mean. ""Oh but in final fantasy X you almost didn't have any NPC or exploring"" Excuse me? That's simply not true, X was one of the last properly made FFs  even XII had a very clear exploration, crafting and leveling  compound while the only thing that changed was the combat, this game changes the way you playd final fantasy almost completely. You don't even have the feeling of discovery anymore, even combats are rearanged, when you enter a new chapter you could even look up a guide and know exactly wich enemies are waiting for you and in what order.... please. What about the  live your own adventure?, what about discovering the world for your own?, the whole game has no point in calling himself final fantasy, it could as well be called some Japanese medern pop action title instead ""LIGHTING ULTRA ROBOT ADVENTURE ELECTRIC SONATA"" yeah, that would be appropriate.The point is, it lacks all kind of exploration, the game is a path you must follow, items and enemies will appear suddenly, they are just there, waiting for you one by one... yeah you have some  shortcuts you can take if you don't want to battle. So no NPCs, the shops appear just in the savepoints...The combat is not bad, in fact that's all the game is about, combat and trying all the different classes and combinations, is good for me, it kinda looks like turn based combat just with a lot of camera movement ( you cannot move the character though) and real time turn based fight, i mean, you have your cooldown and you can just give him like 3  commands at once, instead of stop, think what would each character do wait for the enemy attack.... yeah, it's not bad, i would have like to control and customize my team but.... i just fear what will be next.Changing your formations plays an important roll in the fights but its a piece of cake since the attacks are almost automatic, you just have to wait for the right time to change between the  aggresive formation, healing formation, condition formation.... it's a game more about waiting than planning, as the previous, yes, they were turn base but at least you were taking risks each time your turn arrived and so you have to plan how to deal maximum damage and survive at the same time, and i think you really got fond of the characters even if their plots weren't really interesting, but here liking a character or not just depends on the story itself, i don't even like Vanille, it's so annoying but if at least i could controll her properly well maybe i would appreciate her as a healer, but like this is just like, well yeah, this girl that just.... heals me automatically... and talks with a high pitched voice.The story its ok, intense and memorable, but in general this game seems to have the urge to excite you continuosly, not even one single shot is steady and peacefull, even in the most dramatic scenes the camera is like,"" wow wow wow, so exciting, look, its so exciting, i can't stop moving, look a bird!!!! oh my god, so exciting, everything is so epic.!!!! "" STOP, god, let me enjoy the plot. Sometimes you just don't care about what they're saying because everything wants to be so fast paced...Anyways, for me is just another action game, but not a final fantasy game. Seriously change the name of the saga, so you can avoid being constantly compared to the old games."
76561198063797244,Recommended,292120,20899664,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Hydratic,"So. I have played final fantasy XIII in every console it has been on. Ps3, Xbox 360. And now more recently the pc port. I have to say. there is not much different. and any fan of the original game will love to play it again on the pc if even just for the trading cards. The only clear difference is the keyboard controlls. i hate them. but that is personal preferance. i use my gamepad. and i have never had an issue with the gamepad controlls.Now on to the review.I can understand anyone that can say. Final fantasy XIII is a bad game. the more i play it and look back on the games before it. the more i am dissapointed with the distinctly different format. the fact that you can only controll the leader. and the fact that if the leader dies is something that innitally when i first played the game i was angry at. for a long time. And beyond that. some of the boss battles are just impossable unless you grind out for a long time. and the fact that story bosses can be so hard that the battle its self takes up to 20 minutes for the boss to shoot his big attack and kill you. that lead me to put the game down for a long time.But on the other hand. i find the characters very loveable, the crystalarium rewarding, the story, albeit confusing, immersive. the only bad things i could say are the ones i already said. the battles are hard. But i always feel great when i finally beat them. and what is a final fantasy game without that ""one"" boss. Right?And by the way, the music is fantastic. every song fits its setting its character, its feeling Its all so great. one of the best musical scores since final fantasy 7/8. i could listen to the music for days.The summary: Good game. bought it three times. Worth."
76561198101954436,Recommended,292120,20890385,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,NinjaPuppy,"To begin with, I grew up loving the Final Fantasy series and still play them even today. As the series go on the methods change along with a new, creative story that comes along with it leaving it memorable. Out of all of them I still choose Final Fantasy IV and VI. But that's not what I am here to discuss about...Every new game of the series need a big change for the next console, such as the Xbox 360 and the PS3 at the time, and Final Fantasy XIII was the big game changer that Square Enix had to offer. Being this game was in development for a good four years since 2006 the trailers made this game more dinamic and beautiful than the eye could see after Final Fantasy XII became a pretty big hit. The characters looked pretty cool and with a very fitting personality. The game play was the biggest concern for the fans as much as the story also goes. For the most part this game was either good or most hated of the series. Why is it that this game have such a mix opinion? It's better to tell you in my own perspective about the game.I was pretty anxious about getting this game until playing the beta version figuring Square Enix had a lot more programming to do; however, that wasn't the case but get to that in a moment. Much like Final Fantasy XII when you're exploring in a straight third person view which XIII had the same thing but close to a shoulder view this time just to keep up how other games are utilized. My only one complaint, the only one, was the battle system....the Leader. Why the living ♥♥♥♥ nuts would it even matter if the first character on top during the battle dies while everyone is still alive become game over? It never made sense why such a thing needed to be added when technically there are other live character to choose from. Easy solution: Switch new character, use Phoenix Down, use a Potion. That's it. What was so hard about that? Maybe because the previous series was just cramping the games style on who lives. The farming is so time consuming that it would take between days to a week getting more gil, rare items for the end game weapons and accessories, and completing the crystal grid at the very end of the game. It doesn't matter if you have the Exp. Egg or anything else it still takes too damn long. That's when the game got so boring I rather use the time either watching the damn grass grow or play a different game then this. Either way, it sucked balls as much as getting the Eidolons in the game dying to death making you farm for more crystal points.New games come with new graphics and this one SE did an amazing job with making it more realistic like Final Fantasy XII (yeah I might keep mentioning that game more). Not really much to say besides the animation with the story makes it very fluent and wanting to see more of it.The music....*sigh* It's good but if it's use in different ways you know they ran out of ideas. I'm leaving that as it is.Lastly, the story, oh my living running cheetah with a fat nut sack my god. I just don't know. It's a much worst twist on how and who becomes Rangarok than a M. Night Shyamalan movie. The only thing I can say is the story is just six people who are cursed to become the l'cie beasts if they have not finished their quest the way it was meant to be in a vision. Umm, yeah. Good way to start the true journey.I'm pretty sure Square Enix did try their greatest effort to making a brand new world of the Final Fantasy series and wanted to keep up what most games already been. XII was just ten times greater than XIII ever was but it's stillt a game to go back to after only six years even if it hasn't aged well. And honestly I would recommend giving this game a go ahead. I've beaten this game twice on two different consoles just for the hell of it. And Lightning is such a hotty. <3"
76561198082958767,Recommended,292120,20870001,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,XXXKITTYSLAYERXXX,"really beautiful game with extraordinary landscape with beautiful animation/FX/sound and very well made character with good background story and as usual the game story is great. and i'm surprise that this old game graphic can beat some 2015 game graphic. the gameplay is also very unique, you have to think fast and act fast and press fast cause its real-time-strategy. the duration of each chapter can cost you a day, nah i'm joking probably 3-4 hour. but its not that long in the early chapter. every time you win a battle ur health will be recover, i thought they are going soft on us but turns out i'm very2 thankful for this cause :1. money is hard here2. some monster are crazy NOPE NOPE NOPE or in simple word >>> very hard\the sidequest is also quite a lot and you need hardwork to max your stats/skillconclusion :graphic 10/10gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,292120,20861932,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hallfrost00,"Final Fantasy XIIIis an amazingly imaginative tale about seven friends who hit up a party. In the morning, they all awaken with commemorative tattoos but someone has gone missing. Play as two hot chicks, two whiny chicks and two dudes as you run all over the land of like, two or three planets in an openly linear fashion to find Storm's sister and maybe find love along the way (spoiler alert: no)."
,Not Recommended,292120,21059862,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Senpai,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I have never played a game that has crashed so many times. First 5 hours was good, idk if it is the area that I am currently in but I have had to redo it 4 times now and it is annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Story and all is great may change the review when I am finished. Could just be me but no other game I have played on this pc crash so often."
76561198017778499,Not Recommended,292120,20765354,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nuciu™,"To start this review I would say that this isn't Final Fantasy, and do not buy this game even if you have that itch that I had: ""OMG Final fantasy is always awesome, this game can't be that bad"". Believe me it is!The game has good graphics and that is the only good thing about it.The bad things would make and extensive list, so I'm going to make it quick:-It's an interactive movie, not a video game, for every 20 meters there's a cutscene. And thoose 20 meters are straight forward;-There are no cities like all the other final fantasy games had, therefore no rest and NO MINIGAMES!!!!!!!-The combat system is based on auto attacks and magics, it's actually quite stressing to use the manual commands, so you should better forget them;-This is clearly not a final fantasy game, altough it has a baby chocobo in the hair of a character;-This could be sold as a Mod for the ""Last Remnant"" game, because they are quite similar in the main game mechanics;-The plot and character depth that has always been a strong part of the final fantasy series isn't here, it's has a weak plot and weak characters;"
,Recommended,292120,17041404,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pao!!,"+ New battle system (Paradigm Shift)+ New way to improve your status (Crystarium)+ Cool Summons (Eidolons) that can change their form (Gestalt)+ Awesome Soundtracks ! (Try Blinded by Light)+ Awesome main character(Lightning!)- Linear Story until chapter 11- No English Voiceover, only Subtitles- Snow is an annoying brat who like to brag- Too much cut scene in first 15-20 hours- Bad EndingWhy Vanille and Fang should sacrifice their self !Score : 7/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,13299990,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Robro,Every chapter is literally a straight line with a boss at the end
76561197991602575,Recommended,292120,30696766,Posted: 23 March,all,Crabby_Bastard,"I really enjoy this game! I've finished it on both PS3 and 360 and now I'm playing it on PC a few years later. While it wasn't extremely well received among critics and fans alike, I'm not exactly sure why. I suppose it's mostly because of the game play, but I really enjoy the paradigm turn-based fighting system. The world is also extremely beautiful, and the dialogue is pretty cheezy but what else do you expect from a Final Fantasy game. I expect that from Final Fantasy games and I quite enjoy it.Also, the game remains quite beautiful to this day, especially on PC. Looks better than a lot of modern AAA console releases, in fact. Now if I can only make it through FF XIII-2 after this..."
,Recommended,292120,15649136,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,MHK-,Square Enix's effort chart on FFXIII2 percent on combat systems8 percent on storyline90 percent on designsDevelopers thought - We gotta make this 3D game to be more linear than a 2D side scroll games.Dumb me thought it would be an amazing open world game like how 7 wasforgot that open world concept dissappeared since FFX..PS why cant lightning be more hot like tifa? xDhonestly this game woulda been soooo much better if it just came out as a movie. but i still love it and play it just cuz its final fantasy <3worked fine for 40 plus hours in and suddenly doesnt launch anymore... wtf?
76561197971639582,Not Recommended,292120,14286331,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kosmos,"Good game, but bad port and developers playing blind and not notice the problems that we are talking about.The port made with the best Square-Enix style - ""port it with minimum efforts"", that leads to lowest game quality.So, at release this game had fixed resolution and no FPS drops, then players started to ask for more configurable graphics system and SE granted us with awesome patch that we can't uninstall.After applying this patch players experiences major FPS drops, and if they playing with resolution higher than 720p, they has missing texts in fights and can't know what Eidolons want from them.Players described this problems on SE forums and reported to their support service but there were no response.Well, the game also has good technical sides - it works on x86 platform and even Win XP SP2! With the graphics it has this is really surprising when you see that... games like this Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 already requires Windows 7 x64 as minimum requirement.Regarding the game itself - everything is fine, just like in every offline FF. We see some nice story, hear some nice music and fight with nice battle system."
76561198102155942,Recommended,292120,20728988,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,phyrgian,"Background: I had played and finished Final Fantasy VIII and IXLikes: Great Graphics, No performance issue (using alienware 13 laptop), Great character design, Great character development, Great Battle system, Great weapon (<3 gunblades).Dislikes: Linearity (can get boring sometimes), Confusing Story, fairly easy (once you get the right paradigm), Ending is not final fantasy good."
76561197982550204,Recommended,292120,20892756,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Tokihakanena,another FF that is worth playing and buying 5*
,Recommended,292120,20948544,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zinnairies,One of my favorite games in the Final Fantasy serie.I have played almost every game they released and this one together with FFXIII-3 and FFX are closest to my heart.You can put so many hours into this game without thinking about it cause Square Enix gets you so freaking emerged into the story.Played a few playtroughs on the 360 and now working on finishing the 13 saga again in 60fps on the pc.60fps in final fantasy is just gorgeous.Buy all 3 games now (final fantasy 13-2 is abit boring sometimes but its worth it) and give Hope hope!Lightning demands it.(spoiler) Hope doesn't have much hope for anything so you need help Hope get his hope back!
,Recommended,292120,21204033,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ninjaskitlz,"Up until now, I had never played a single Final Fantasy game in my life but had always been meaning to, and I found this to be a great introduction to the series for me, in my opinion. The visuals are great and I love the story, characters and game play style, and highly recommend it to anyone new to the Final Fantasy series. :)"
76561198148030666,Recommended,292120,20835831,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,HwoBae,"This game gets a lot of hate for many different reasons...Firstly, the PC port is pretty average, thanks to updates though it's alot better, however there is still a lot of room for improvement.Secondly, the game itself is pretty (very) linear, until Chapter 11 you'll be following a path and the only reason to stray from the path is to find very obvious loot.Despite this though...I really enjoyed Final Fantasy 13. Maybe it's because i'm a bit of a fanboy when it comes to the series but I truly do get lost in the world. I'm a big fan of Lightning's character and design and vastly enjoyed the story. I've now finished the game 3 times and have had a ball each time.The game isn't like the nostalgic Final Fantasy games that we all hold so dear, but that's okay. The music, the story and the atmosphere is for me, what makes this a Final Fantasy game."
76561198118273936,Recommended,292120,20835989,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Archaic_Huntsman,"I loved this game. For the record, Lightning is f*****n Awesome!But before getting into it all, I should also say that I played it in two main sessions (of a couple of months). I played for a few months (probably about 30 hrs or so) then left for a year, got back and finished the game. I think there was a reason for it:1. It's gorgeous, absolutely beatiful. I kept finding myself just looking at the environment, unit designs etc. and listening to the soundtrack.2. Battle is  developed, and fun. Lots o' it. The paradigm system (changing unit roles, if you will) can be made to work in any way you want, pretty much, whereby the same character ca play anything from tank to healer in the same fight.3. Emotional story. I won't say it's the best written, most coherent (and least repetitive, it is) one ever, but dammit all if I didn't get teary eyed now and again. And that says something.So why did I not finish the game in one setting? Well first off I don't play anything near full time. I do it to relax. I'm one of those casual gamers you hear horrible stories about. But also: I play for story, not to ""be the best"". Spin me a good yarn and I'll appreciate it. The story in this game is good, but not fantastic. The ""break"" I took in the middle allowed me to appreciate the production values more when I got back, and also, funnily enough, reconnect with the story (it's emotional man).Enough to finish it in, probably, the shortest time I could possibly finish a 70+ hour game (which, admittedly, would be about 70 hours but come on, I mean days here).BUT, it DID get...not boring, but definitely not exciting... for a while in the middle there. So, while I wouldn't say it, by any token, ruined the game for me (I still loved it), I appreciated it more for taking a break in the middle.If that's like you, you'll love it. If you prefer to steam through a game (pun intended) then maybe go for CS or something. I dunno.This one was fantastic."
76561198039309248,Recommended,292120,20836379,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Wyldefyr,"One of my favorite Final Fantasy games. I know it has many haters, but it is a beautiful game with great cutscenes and a likeable cast. I've played and beaten every numbered Final Fantasy, and many of the spinoffs, and this is one I keep coming back to."
76561198049945963,Recommended,292120,20832912,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,uzux xuzr,"i felt that, this port is.....really bad on the graphical sidehowever, the story was pretty cool even though the linearity of it all was jarring for me,the leveling system gives you all the illusion of freedom with all the ""you cant have this yet"" of a level gating system, consequently...you will usually build tons of points(CP) and not be able to use them at alli  liked what they were trying to dobut good lord is it wonkyif you are a graphics purist or a person who LOVES perfect ports, avoid it like the plaguehowever: if you can look past its odd flaws, then hit it up :)"
76561198012342387,Not Recommended,292120,22276354,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Curlybeard,"This game is so terrible I am actually taking the time out to write this review.Firstly, this has to be corniest story ever. With corny names for people like Snow and Vanille. I mean, really?Then the whole Fal'cie and L'cie thing in the beginning is just very confusing. Who is the L'cie or the Fal'cie again? Can't you just pick normal names for people and normal names for things?The story picks up at a certain point which does not get you involved at all.At absolutely 0 points did I feel even remotely connected to any character or story development for the time that I've played it.You just jump in, learn the battle system, run through long corridors, and that's really all you do for the first 20 hours.I was hoping to get a game that actually gripped me, like FF7 and FF9, heck even FF8 (even though I didn't enjoy that one as much).I understand they need to do something different, and move away from the old trusted RPG style, and maybe it could've even been a good game.... if it actually had a good, enticing story with some proper dialogue. All of which is completely lacking.I dropped the game, as I won't be putting my time in for more than 20 hours in order to 'like' a game.What happened Square Enix? Did your storywriter have a seizure, a brain aneurysm?I was going to get FF15 when it came out. But this crap has completely and utterly taken away all desire to play another final fantasy game.I guess I'll just download an android emulator on my phone and do some good ol' ff9 on that."
,Recommended,292120,22239974,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Katt,"I recommend this game only because I'm big fan of FF games. Go play another FF instead (except FF X-2 which sucks big time) if you are looking for good Final Fantasy experience. In FF XIII you'll get to the good part after 30+/- hrs of boring, narrow ""tutorial"" and you will hate everyone including yourself."
,Recommended,292120,22270815,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Feg,"is it the best FF ever? no...is it worth to buy it? hell yes..if u are not sure about buy it, see the first 15 min on youtube.."
,Recommended,292120,22253205,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DiCE,"Love this gamebut, one last thing, why the voiceover in region of Asia just Japanese, either in Europe got 2 options, English voiceover and Japanese voiceover, but with same price. As Indonesian, i don't understand with Japanese voiceover, so please Square Enix, add English voiceover for Asian region........please :'("
,Recommended,292120,22066182,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Jukerlaw,Fantastic game! Would love to play it again.
,Recommended,292120,22116693,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ryanreynolds022289,got this game for xbox 360 when it first came out kind of hated it when i first started playing but the story and the characters really draw you in square could have done better but no use in crying over a basicly decent game all in all i would play it again
76561198055809874,Not Recommended,292120,13948576,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,mail,"It's not a rpg, it's a movie where you press buttons from time to time."
76561198143627609,Recommended,292120,21913722,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,blintx87,"Seems all the top review have reviewed everything i want to say. There`s only one thing missing. This game have the worst english sub ever. I dont really speak japanese, but with decent amount of japan anime and drama viewing, anyone can pick up some common line. It feels like the subtitle team didnt understand the actual meaning of most scene and cheese all the way with filler style writing. I guess thats what make the not-so developed character into boring one dimension cutscene paper doll."
,Recommended,292120,22035401,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,awpaca,"Really slow game with a very, very long story. Combat is very simple but repetitive. Story and characters are pretty fantastic though, otherwise a great game. It's something you can really invest your time into and defintely something you won't finish in a weekend."
,Recommended,292120,22001902,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Eric,"Played this game before, on the PS3, when it was first released. With the recent steamsale I gave this a second try, still liked it a lot. Yes, hallway simulator and yes, the story isn't that great when compared to other FF games. The controls are fine, not a bad port in my opinion (There's a lot of worse ports out there...) Gameplay's okay and the graphics are fine too.I'd say this is worth your money, definitely if you're into the FF franchise. 7,5/10"
,Recommended,292120,21984474,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,milksheikh,Sazh hair physics... 5/7
76561198108985585,Recommended,292120,21980635,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,The Great One,This game is nice but linear at first.  The one thing I don't like about this copy is that there's no english audio.  Please Square Enix give us the English Audio version for us Asians who don't speak Japanese!
76561198178996803,Recommended,292120,21986218,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,suehrcj5,"Little leery of playing this game because of the mixed to negative reviews. Turns out I personally love it. Although definitely not the most difficult gameplay, but does require more battle  strategy later in the game."
,Not Recommended,292120,22224155,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cruxie,"Your typical Console->PC port. It would be a beautiful game if it didn't have micro-stutter that ruins the gameplay. On top of the stuttering, the controls randomly stop working. Whether using a keyboard or an Xbox One controller, it decides to no longer take inputs. If the game hasn't been patched at this point, SquareEnix has no plans to. Just stick to the console version of this one."
,Recommended,292120,22242684,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,alung12,"Great game, really enjoying it. I really like the story telling."
,Not Recommended,292120,22179444,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lil Shi ✈,玩到很想睡
76561198067250866,Recommended,292120,22169635,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bones,I didn't have any problems running this game on a gtx 660. Some bad screen tearing but that was it. The game never crashed on me.entertaining game. Drags on a little long because the battles can take up to 20 minutes. left me wanting more.
,Recommended,292120,21928278,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kvaak,"I expected monotonous combat, linear gameplay, poor performance and a poor port. It took ~10 hours to run into a fight where smashing autobattle wasn't sufficient and ~30 until I could pick a direction other than ""forward"".Yet despite all that the 40-something hours it took me to finish this game didn't feel like a chore. FF13 does SOMETHING right, I just can't quite put my finger on it. The battle system was supposedly abominational and yes, it's extremely monotonous for what could be basically considered an excessively prolonged tutorial. Despite what I expected and initially experienced it's surprisingly in-depth once the fight difficulty ramps up, controlling one character with two allies handled by AI isn't actually the worst thing ever.I had low expectations for this title but when I saw it for sale at 6.50€ I figured I might be able to scrape a couple of hours of entertainment off it. Having finished it, I think it just might have been worth the full price as well.A bajillion bonus points for the fact your characters share CP (exp), for once you aren't punished because you want to use a specific lineup."
76561198089376139,Recommended,292120,21929220,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Panda,Even though many people disliked it I personally really enjoy ff13. Take it as a marmite gameIn the context that you will either love it or hate it
76561197960348604,Not Recommended,292120,21971838,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,boioioing,My first refund I've done on Steam. The worst port I've ever played. My 4670k with R9 390 couldn't run this game without dropping down to 20fps. Even if raw performance would have been an issue the fps were fluctuating all the way from 20 to 60fps without seeing actual differences in the scenery. Won't support that.Sad.
,Recommended,292120,21978499,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,✪ Reap,overall a pretty good game.
76561197987485219,Recommended,292120,21958941,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Legion_Nintendo,Pros:Japanese voice over (makes for a fun 2nd playthrough with slightly different characters personalities)Engaging combat systemGreat graphics (close-up textures and geometry are very good!)Enjoyable characters and convincing facial animations to empathize withWonderful music!Cons:Very linear (I recommend skipping a lot of encounters until you get to Gran Pulse)Unstable performance(expect frame drops during combat)Some questionable plot holes (i.e. why are there so few guards in this important area? etc)Overall I'd give it a solid 8/10. It's worth your time if you value character above plot. I recommend playing with Japanese language solely because I find the english voice acting for Vanille unbearable. She's quite adorable with Japanese voice-overs :)
76561198146215985,Recommended,292120,22095583,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bhawksley,"I decided to buy this seeing as it was only £5 on sale. It's definitely not like the older games in the series, so i can understand why fans were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when this was first released. Having played FF7 on PS4 as my first introduction into the franchise and then straight after FF6 (said by many to be the best one in the series), i came in knowing it probably wouldn't have the same impact that the other 2 games i played had. Although the game took a very linear approach with exploration, which seems to be everyones main criticism, i still found the game as a whole to be quite enjoyable and i enjoyed playing through the story. The game does open up halfway through so there's that, but the game is extremely linear overall no denying. This didn't bother me too much as it was a change of pace to the others i had played, which in a way i appreciated. The main pull of this game for me was the battle system. People that say you just press one button to win only played the first few hours of the game. It is painfully easy at first and i did question if this was it for combat, but there is alot that goes into the battle system so it makes sense that it adds new mechanics slowly to the combat as you go. Fights become very challenging and you have to set up the right class combinations and shift paridigms often to win. The characters were pretty good overall, Vanille is definitely annoying as hell. Some of the stuff she says... just why. Hope is a complete good for nothing puss at the beginning but he does develop as a character and i ended up liking him, as for the rest of the crew they were all cool in my opinion, love Sazh. The music is really good, love the main battle theme! Visuals are great. Story was meh, you'll be confused as hell with the L'Cie, Fal'Cie and whatever else there are unless you read the journal or search up online which is a massive flaw, as the game should be able to explain the story through the game, not by throwing information logs at you. Overall the battle system and the characters kept me playing as i did want to know what would happen at the end and the combat was really fun. I'd give the game 8/10. I'd say it deserved around 7-8/10 in general.NOW RELEASE FF9 ALREADY GOD DAMN"
76561198027560901,Recommended,292120,22120111,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,AsianBoy,"I just wanted to play this to play ff13-2, but I have not beaten it yet. The reason why is because it doesn't even pull me in much. You can't roam around and such it is not even close to open world. Sure the battle system is awesome but wow... I would probably rate this a 7/10. I just love it where you can go around towns in other final fantasy games and buy items while in this you can only access it at a save point. Here are my main 1 pointers that would have probably given this a 10/10.  First, is the the many many cutscene in this game, the game has amazing graphics for the cutscene but less gameplay. Another, is the fact after every battle you win or escape, your hp and mp bar will be at max so no challege there. The last thing is, like I said, it is  not open world and is  basically moving forward and no such thing as back tracking, it seems. Other than that I was recommended to play this game before ff13-2. So, I recommend to all to play this even though... it is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198056158551,Recommended,292120,22133062,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Luke K #Ianologist,"I bought this game on sale along with the other games in the Final Fantasy XIII trilogy, and I honestly didn't know what to expect given that I haven't played any other Final Fantasy games. I can see why people don't like this game as it is very linear and the combat is literaly hitting they auto battle button for like half the game, but I really liked it.Things I really enjoyed about this game:- Nice graphics- Beautiful scenery- Really good story- Great character development- Near end-game combat was good- One of the best soundtracksThings I thought could have been improved or didn't like:- Early game combat- Super linear till around chapter 9- Hope for the first little bit of the game (Which is funny because by the end he was my favorite character)- Normal mode is super hard in my opinion, I grinded for like an hour and a half to fight the last bossOverall, I thought this was a great game and maybe one of my favorites.I rate 9/10"
,Not Recommended,292120,22266248,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,HisShadowX,"The game pretty much is a hallway simulator. Its pretty bad, the story is out there."
,Recommended,292120,20069455,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hiz,"I play this game just before sleep because it's relaxing and makes me sleepy.In all seriousness, I like this game. It's special because of it doesn't tax your mind and somewhat in between watching a movie and playing a game. The graphic is nice, the soundtrack is great, but the script is awful, so read the story entry in the menu database for more gripping story, trust me, you'll have a greater experience by reading it.TL;DR:- Great game if you don't mind the linearity of the game.Edit: FFXIII, only get exponentially interesting after 80% into the story or 30 hours into the game where you could swap all party members and everyone can unlock all roles.Edit 2: Finished the game and it's a freakin' grind fest. Not fun. Actually the last 2 chapters are almost as long as the whole 11 chapters combined because of the grinding needed."
76561198286134280,Recommended,292120,30699065,Posted: 23 March,all,Lizzy nyan~❤,"I've played ps3 version of this game before and played it again on steamoverall this game is very interesting and i like itI never played FF before, so this is the first FF game that i played.At first i think this game was boring because of the gameplay(moreover in the beginning of the game you can only choose attack to beat your opponents or use potions to heal yourself)and so many cutscenes that make me skip it all (because i'm not into the story and characters yet).So, I played and evaded all enemies along the way during the early chapters (i'm to lazy to beat em all and get underleveled for the boss battle )But the more you play it, the more you like itthe gameplay also developed further when you beat the early chapters which why i like it ❤️so if you feel like bored during the early games, keep playing cause it getting more fun each chaptersand the cinematographic was so beautifuli recommend to play this game with joystickor it just me that feel odd to play this game with pc keyboards"
76561198251598212,Recommended,292120,21190270,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Psyminder,"I completed the main story.Its a mandatory game for any final fantasy fan.The story is touching yet too deep and complicated to understand.Final fantasy X had an easier story and was more emotional.Main story is about 25-30 hours, and extras about 10-15 more I'd say.I will now complete the sequels :DWorth buying."
,Recommended,292120,21690112,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skybird Trill,"Bought it for lightning, was a good decision"
,Recommended,292120,21689913,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skyterra,Good Game but some fps drops during cutscenes (at least with highest settings)
,Recommended,292120,21688109,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Josii,"Good game, must trust, must play"
,Recommended,292120,21672459,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,A Random Noob,You can play this game and fap at the same time with all these cutscenes.
,Recommended,292120,21731714,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,carychow,For the Vanille!!!
,Recommended,292120,21719885,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,<3 Charity <3,Amazing! Love everything Final Fantasy! <3
,Recommended,292120,21723845,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Chalily.Slayer,Simply AMAZING!
,Recommended,292120,21857878,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,榊 由美子,"bad a Japanese voice actors? too bad.. I'm already replace the file with English voice actors.. fps drop? not bothering mei3 4160 3.60 Ghz,Gtx 750Ti, Windows 10 can handle this game"
,Recommended,292120,21873777,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Belgarion of Riva,"For me, this is a difficult game to review. This is the closest thing I have to a guilty pleasure as the open world is repetitive and dull, the combat is one-sided and stacked against you and the story makes little sense. And here I am with over 80 hours in it and another 20-30 likely to come soon.I'll start by stating that I have never played a Final Fantasy game that isn't 13, so if that changes the context of this review, so be it. That said, this game makes me want to and I have already bought 13-2.Before I talk about the problems with this game, I'll try to explain why I've sunk so much time into it. It is stunningly pretty; just ordinary gameplay is beautiful with a nice variety of colours, tones and eye-catching set pieces. While a lot of the enemies are over-designed so you have no idea if what you're looking at is a head or an arm, the lead characters each have their own aesthetics that speak of the fashion of the FFXIII world. As bizarre as JRPG clothing usually is, I really like the design choices that went into the protagonists.But where the game comes alive is in the pre-rendered cutscenes. Holy crap, they are stunning. I took 701 screenshots over the course of the main story (admittedly that's kinda par for the course for me), but the majority of them were in cutscenes. I cannot really convey how nice to watch these cutscenes are, so go check out the opening cinematic for the game.The only downside of the cutscenes is that a couple have SO MUCH going on that it's hard to follow; these were the ones where my screenshots caught only blur and semi-obscured characters. They were so desperate to show activity and movement that they don't linger on anything and that's a shame.The gameplay of FFXIII is split between 'open world' running and the combat. Neither is perfect. By which I mean that both kinda suck. Aside from the rather petty complaint of all the characters having really loud footfalls (actually, the whole sound balancing was off on this port), the main problem with the 'open world' is how linear it is. You have to run down long corridors formed of walkways, tunnels or just convenient debris. You meet enemies who just stand there and wait for you, staring right at you under six feet away and doing nothing until you take that step too close. And you drift.I assume it's a problem with the port as I don't recall it on the PS3 version (I played the first 15 hours or so on PS3 before getting bored), but if you press forward you drift to the left or right. Running in a straight line, even down straight corridors, is impossible. You can alter whether you drift left or right, but the little dotted line on the minimap showing where you've been will always be a zigzag. It's not game-breaking, but it's bloody annoying.I've heard it said that ""it gets good 20 hours in""; this is when the tight corridors open up into a large area with side quests, but for me that was 40 hours in. By then I knew I was hooked, but the opening doesn't make as big a change as I thought. It's just one big area with a load of corridors coming off it to any other area. The final 2 chapters just go right back to narrow and confined.The combat also has a lot to answer for. God, I could write a whole essay on why the FFXIII combat is bad, but I'll give you the brief version. It's real time combat with time-based elements. This means that if you sit there and do nothing, the enemy will keep attacking you. The time-based elements are that it takes time to charge up your attacks; any attacks. Each attack is worth a different quantity of 'attack bars' with more powerful attacks requiring more bars and thus more idle time to use.The problem with this is that you have no time. A massive focus of the combat is winning as quickly as possible; the combat scoring system that affects item drops requires you to win quicker than a set time. This on its own wouldn't be too bad but, given the range of abilities available, the daunting weakness/strength system and the terrible menu-based combat (the kind that fits perfectly in turn-based combat), it's impossible to fight most enemies with anything other than auto-choose attacks. Luckily the auto-choose AI is pretty good; it always calculates the most effective moves and uses them, taking into account damage, weakness, buffs etc.But there are other elements to the combat...random elements that you have absolutely no way to control. A number of attacks (both yours and the enemies') are proximity-based; some heal the characters near the medic, some deal massive damage to targets directly in front etc. But you have no way to affect where your characters or the enemies stand. Depending on where the mindless AI decides to let your team charge their attacks, you may be excluded from healing, clumped up to receive a powerful AoE attack or simply ignored.On top of this is the decision to make your party leader all-important. If either of your two companions are killed, drop a revive on them and boom, right back into the fray. If your leader is killed, sorry that's it. Game Over. Retry?Who thought that was logical? Yeah, I've heard of FF characters forgetting to revive outside of combat (Sorry, Aeris), but not being able to do it in combat, just because the arbitrary leader was downed? Rubbish.Oh. And having an unskippable animation for switching character roles mid-battle - WHEN THE ENEMY WILL STILL ATTACK DURING IT - is moronic. I've lost more than once because my leader was killed while the medic was posing.I've already said that the story doesn't make a lot of sense. That's an understatement. You find out nothing until a good ten hours into the game and then it spoon feeds you a tiny bit at a time and gives you the equivalent of a book to read in the 'Datalog'; a menu with paragraphs of information about the characters, places, concepts and...stuff you encounter. This system is poor storytelling because anyone without the patience to read it all will be lost.Character motivations are rarely fully explained and this may be because of some translation thing, but most likely it's supposed to make everyone seem that little bit mysterious. It's more annoying than anything. Most motivations come through by the end, but vast portions of the plot are driven by characters doing the exact things they said they wouldn't...so...maybe I just didn't understand.All that said, I couldn't stop playing until I found out how it all ended. Sometimes it's the lure of 100% completion that keeps me going, sometimes it's gripping gameplay. In this case it was the mysteries of the story and a growing wonder about how the characters' stupid actions would somehow save the day.From everything I've written, you're probably wondering why this is a positive review. Simply because I still want to play more. Yeah, the open world is a lie and the combat is stacked; I didn't even go into how most of the boss fights are just puzzles on unusual ways to use your combination of character roles. But after all of that I want to return to the bits I missed and finish them.Some part of me really enjoys this game and, while I'm unlikely to replay it any time soon, I still have a full 24 hours' worth of entertainment to get out of it."
76561198079531279,Recommended,292120,21881685,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Darth Fluffy,"This is a re-review after giving it a second chance (compelling storyis compelling)!!!A game with a great story and what I'd call mediocre gameplay.I loved the story in this game, it was phenomenal, like pretty muchevery FF game ever, and its worth getting for the story alone....if you get it on sale.  The gameplay is pretty mediocre, and evenwhen the combat DOES open up and become more dynamic, its notuntil WAY late in the game (like why am I still getting tutorials inchapter 7??).  However, that said, its worth slogging thru andplaying for the story, I just wouldn't pay full price for it."
,Recommended,292120,21741472,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lord Tyrannid,HOPE IS A WHINY B*TCH
,Not Recommended,292120,21795715,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mighty_Marcos,"It's a chore to play, linear, boring and convoluted to all hell.4/10"
76561197987399336,Recommended,292120,21790714,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Trevor Phillips,"I think this is one of the best FF-games in the series! Not my favorite but at the price of 12,99€ it's almost like they're giving this great game away! You dont have to be familiar with the series to enjoy this game, and it sure is a must play if you like JRPG's!"
76561198242676018,Recommended,292120,21754136,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Glare,This game is good  . It ain't too easy once you get past intro. battles are different from all other final fantasy games i've played but its cool when you get in that mind set. Two things i didn't like were the camera and the fps cap. I would recomend you buy the game and a joystick for it
,Not Recommended,292120,12944784,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mac Tonight,"I tried getting into this game but the combat system and ultra-linear gameplay just aren't for me. If you are into games for the story, this MIGHT have something to offer. Other than that, I'd stay away, this ain't even close to a JRPG experience."
,Not Recommended,292120,12945227,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,thek90,Great game. Terrible port.
76561197970496490,Not Recommended,292120,12946110,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Villnius,"An insanely huge 50GB download, and a severe disappointment.   This is *NOT* a Final Fantasy game.   It's a collection of long, non-interactive cut scenes interspersed with wave after wave of repetitive FF style phased combat.They've cut out everything that made the classic Square games classic.  All character development is handled through the cutscenes.  There's absolutely no exploration anymore.   You just view the superlong, boring cutscene (or you skip it) and then proceed to wave after wave of fights, at the end of which is yet another cutscene.You don't actually get to meet any characters or interact with them.  You don't get to explore your base.   You don't get to talk to any of your team NPCs.    I'd say this is Final Fantasy Lite, but there's nothing lightweight about this when it requires a 50GB download, and a promised ""update"" coming this december.   If Steam and square stick to form, that ""update"" will probably require yet another 20GB or so download for a few lousy graphical enhancements.I thought it might be worth buying at 17.99, but if I'd known, I'd have saved my money.    It's not worth the money.   It's definitely not worth tying up your connection to download."
76561198048228322,Not Recommended,292120,12913836,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Satan,"This game, goes to the heaven(Jesus will like to play it), cause in hell, we only accept good games! WE LIKE TO PLAY THE GAMES! NOT ONLY WATCH THEM!I don't believe that i spent money on this! =("
76561198169433639,Recommended,292120,13605925,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,McBeefy1,It's not on par with FFVII or IX but still a fun game. I just wish they woudl come otu with an mmo worth playing.
,Recommended,292120,12745675,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,-=THe M@TRiX=- [DK],"Great game, but missing vital PC features (no gfx options, no 1080p) rates it negative! Will change review if patched...Update: It has been patched :) Thumbs up!"
76561198023765843,Not Recommended,292120,12430925,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,OG-Tortoise,"Ok coming back to revise this.  After playing this and more on FF13 2...ugh all I can do is facepalm when playing this game.  It's soooo linear and boring.  FF 13 2 was a breathe of freash air and I enjoy playing it.  Everytime I switch to those bad characters I just want to turn the game off.I'm forcing myself to play it just so I can experience it fully.  But I can honestly say right now it's not a fully enjoable experience.  It seems for the majority of the game you can't play with the party you want to, and force to play with characters I really don't want to (goofy Sazh and somewhat derp Vanille).I can't recommend this.  I just bought it really to support SE.  Do yourself a favor...either watch youtbe let's plays or find a vid for the story...but play FF 13 2.  That's a great game so far"
,Recommended,292120,20574718,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ren Locke,Honestly my favorite Final Fantasy game in the enitre franchise. Yes it might not be the best and you don't get to explore very much like the previous final fantasy games but the linearity doesn't bother me very much. The characters are really interesting with beutiful designs and combat style is interesting with roles you can chose. My only complaint is that there some characters that were not meant to me and attacker or mage based on their stats.The controls are a bit buggy too but I still recommend playing this game.
,Recommended,292120,20602892,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,"Legitimately the worst game ever created, not in terms of technical fun value but by the way that it squanders its potential and against all odds ends up falling flat. I could literally write papers about how bad this game is. It's actually deep and profound. It's gone full circle. I no longer hate this game. I'm just intensely curious as to how so many good things, when mixed together can be so bad. In fact, buy this game. You have to experience it to really comprehend what I'm trying to say. It's bad despite all of the hard work of all of the talented people who slaved over their desks to produce it. It's almost like a work of art in it's mediocrity."
,Recommended,292120,18359578,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Badger,"Ok so I previously gave a negative review, but after coming back and trying the game again I can say that it was actually really good. I love the combat system, having the ability to change roles in battle and having to think about what is the best roles for the situation is fun.The story is a little confusing but if you pay attention it makes sense. Not to mention there are some really ♥♥♥♥ing badass cutscenes and the graphics are awesome.As for the port as of now there are a few problems that can be easily fixed. Xbox One wirless adapter doesn't work but there is a fix for that. There is also some laggy areas but for the most part I'm running highest settings @1080p and 60fps. Something that helps is setting max performance for FFXIII in nvidia controll panel.There are some flaws to this game as sometimes it feels like you are just walking down a huge hallway, but there are some open areas and honestly I think the fun of the combat and the epic cutscenes make up for it.Overall I think this game gets♥♥♥♥♥♥on more than it deserves and is worth the play. I will get 13-2 and 13 lightning returns when I get the chance. As of now this is my second FF game completed (first being FF7) and I love the franchise so far!"
76561197990648590,Not Recommended,292120,20599710,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,pterrypf,"I've wanted this game ever since it first came out for Playstation. I wanted to love it as much as I love watching the trailer. But I just can't. I love a good cut-scene, and I like knowing what I'm supposed to do in a game, but this takes it too far. You watch a movie. Occasionally it pauses for you to run from point A to point B and fight a half dozen battles along the way. Don't worry about taking the wrong path -- there is literally nowhere else for you to go. The battles range from easy to annoying. But worst of all, the Quit button is as flaky as a bowl of cereal. Been playing for a while, reached a save point, ready to take a break? Hit Escape -- nothing happens. Okay, continue down the path, find some enemies, enter battle -- EXIT GAME! Bottom line, it's more frustrating and annoying than it is fun."
,Not Recommended,292120,20586840,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Niv,"I love most of the Final Fantasy games, but this just left a bad taste in my mouth. I couldn't get past the terrible dialogue, the extraordinary linear game play, the meh battle system, and the story that you need to spend most of your time in the glossary to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ everyone is talking about.If I didn't spend half my time getting aggravated by constantly getting killed by random enemies and bosses and the other half groaning at the voice acting/dialogue, I would try to play this to completion. I'd rather go replay FFVII and FFIX when it comes out than look at this again.BTW, there's only 2 likable characters in your party and one of them is a chocobo."
,Recommended,292120,21412188,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bobbyalford,"I played the ps3 version when it came out and it has aged well. Still a great adventure. Definitely not my favorite FF game because of the combat system, but a good one nonetheless.Pros:- Beautiful cinematics- Great priceCons:- Combat feels funny- Some of the characters are unbearable (looking at you, Hope.)7/10 overall"
76561197961050007,Recommended,292120,25044597,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kapalla,Good game.  Love FF.
76561198188682369,Recommended,292120,25030470,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[MY].Cowabunga~.不能说的秘密,Classic yet very best~
,Recommended,292120,25032558,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Plutia,This game is good for me. sometimes we will get framerate drop but that is still ok. Overall this game have a good story and game play.
76561198074619767,Recommended,292120,25020338,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MemoireStar,"Final Fantasy XIII, an extremely underrated game in my opinion.I have never played a Final Fantasy game before (Dissidia & Chrystal Bearers don't count, do they?) getting this game on a sale after watching some gameplay. I'm very glad I did that. Now, having finished the main story and around half of the sidequests after 75 hours of playing I can say that I would defenitely pay the full price for it.I've never been into 'round based' games or similar stuff but I fell in love with the combat of FF13 after playing the first hour of the game. The battles feel very fluid and entertaining, the bossfights tend to be rather tough and the music of the game is brilliant.After some chapters of linearity the game opens up and gives you a rather big place to explore & grind if wanted. Talking about grind, I never had to grind to be able to continue the story, which is a huge plus in my opinion.The weapon upgrade system is rather strange but given that you don't really need to upgrade your gear until many hours into the game, I'm fine with that. After doing some reading, the upgrade system is easy to understand.The Eidolons could have been fleshed out better aswell, but one shouldn't summon them too often anyways.I also liked the story quite a bit and one really starts to like certain characters one didn't like earlier.I don't know about hardcore-FF-fans but for starters with the 'genre' I can only recommend this awesome game. Looking forward to playing 13-2 now."
,Recommended,292120,24789359,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,Haven't you heard? Lightning is Sakamoto.
,Recommended,292120,25493209,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,akapusin3,"Despite all of its flaws and bad press, I really enjoyed FFXII.  I played it on the 360 and now again on the PC.  I will say this to anyone who is looking into purchasing it...  Know what you are getting into first.Final Fantasy as a series is out-dated with its gameplay.  Square -> we have powerful processors now.  We don't need to limit the number of teammates at a time or the number of enemies we face at one time.  FFXIII does a good job of overcoming its in heritance by adding the Active Time Battle which keeps the combat flowing and keeps you engaged.The storyline is also kind of what you would expect from Square and really any JRPG.  VERY convoluted and confusing.  What makes it worse is that if you just play the game all of the way through without stopping to read the DataLog (because who reads anymore), you will miss probably 75% of what is going on.  However, if you read the logs and can follow the Shiny Object Syndrome (S.O.S.) storyline, it's very good.  It is an interesting take on racism from a society where 90% of the people have the same skin tone.Also yes, the critism is accurate in that the tutorial will last FOREVER.  The first 3-5 hours of the game is one big tutorial.  In fact, you don't get magic or XP (you know, the things that Final Fantasy games are known for) until the 3rd level."
,Recommended,292120,21891931,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jpsf91,"First off, let me just say that for me Final Fantasy XIII isn't a bad game, but a very disappointing one, and one of the worst main Final Fantasy games. For me, the biggest problem is that the entire game is designed to be a corridor. There's only one big open area, but the rest is just straight pathways, with some minor sideways. There's almost no exploration, which is almost mandatory in an RPG of this caliber. Thankfully, the rest fares a little better, but just by a little. I actually enjoyed the story, but it's a little confusing and most of the characters are uninteresting: both main, side and villains. But i liked how it dealt with human growth and emotions. The voice acting and the character animations are good. The graphics and music are also top-notch, and show it's high production values, especially in the cutscenes. But those aren't the most important things in a game. It's the gameplay. And that's where the game gets divided for me. You may have heard that the game gets good after 20-30 hours. Kinda. After that time, the game introduces it's open area, but if you ignore it, it's more corridors until the end of the game. If you choose to tackle the 64 side missions, prepare to backtrack a lot in corridors. You unlock some fast travel points, but you'll still need to backtrack a lot in boring corridors. And most of the missions aren't interesting. What i'm saying is, the level desing is bad the entire game. What gets good after 20-30 hours is the combat. Until then, you mostly mash the attack button to win. But then, you must truly learn the combat system to defeat the tougher enemies, and then it'll feel more interesting and rewarding. Still, there are more design choices that i don't like: a) the combat is fast paced, so it's hard to control 3 characters at once. But you can't change you main character in battle. b) And if he dies, it's game over. c) There's no penalty for losing a battle, and you can quit and retry if you like. d) Leveling up is simple but you need to manually do it. e) Levelling up weapons and accessories is unnecessarily complicated. f) Summoning is almost pointless. g) There's isn't a replay chapter feature. And it's a shame that the game is purposely designed like this, because there's much potential in here that get's wasted. Despite all this, i enjoyed the game, but less than other Final Fantasy titles. In the end, it's an average game, and i can recommend it for cheap IF this isn't your first Final Fantasy title. Because most of the other titles are way better than this one. I should also mention that this an average PC port. It plays OK, but it could be better optimized."
,Recommended,292120,25514057,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Igor M,"Liked it very much. As an old-time fan of the series, I really enjoy this one. The style and feel of FF is still there, despite very obvious differences in the gameplay.I like the look and the music, the general vibe of a world where magic and technology coexist, as in many previous instalments of FF. The idea of Cocoon is realized very well, in particular. Otherwise the story, characters and all the general premises are much in the common vein of the series, very operatic and deliberately not down-to-earth realistic. For those who appreciate such things it's a familiar story of that beloved kind. Not much of a novelty, but enjoyable still. An A- maybe.The gameplay is very streamlined and action-like. You don't pick the battle commands from a staic menu, rather you pick from a menu of automatization schemes and watch your characters dance around the enemy performing their moves according to the chosen set of rules. It makes for an exciting show, but the battles are not as tactical as in many previous FFs and there is not much room for strategy.Outside battles, I do miss puzzles and freedom of movement between locations. I'm not through the game yet, so don't know if you ever get to travel around the whole in-game planet. So overall the gameplay gets a B from me.I can't really compare this to other Japanese style RPGs as I haven't played many, I stick to the big FF series most of the time if I play the genre. But as a beatiful story-driven over-the-top ballet♥♥♥♥♥action experience, this is very good. As a J-RPG, rather good. Can I recommend it to everyone? Probably not, but if you like FF and are in doubt or have not returned to the series a long time - this one is worth it, emotionally and visually it puts you into that right place where the earlier great FFs did put you."
76561198071774822,Recommended,292120,18690625,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Window Fists,"Didn’t have enough space for my full review, so here’s a shortened version.StoryI will try tagging anything that may be a spoiler, as well as try to let you know what to expect.Contents:You begin by attempting to rescue the main character's sister from the hands of a military organization while they ""purge"" on civilians. So you immediately see the opposing force and get a feeling for how big and violent they are. After doing the rescuing bit, you then proceed to flee from the military force for a long time. In fact, you flee from the military without a real antagonist until around chapter9.Mix that with the challenging fate/destiny and the main goal may not always be so clear. By the time your group decides what they want to do, the game is almost over... Obviously, that is not everything that happens, but rather a grossly simplified version that they adhere to while other story events happen; such as being arrested, rescue missions, invading cities, etc.Presentation:The game presents itself by being very cutscene heavy and most the current storytelling and character development is done this way. Cutscenes are in predictable locations and the combat does not open up until chapter11, so some will probably see this as just travelling from one cutscene to another. This chapter changes the entire game by becoming very open with little cutscenes and lasts the longest. Afterwards, it goes back to the other formula for the rest of the game.If you have some kind of aversion to cutscenes, there exists an option within the in-game menu called the ""Datalog"". This holds pretty much everything you could ever want to know. You can find summaries of the story here, character profiles, historical records and even the bestiary. Because this holds so much knowledge, if you're not too keen on reading these datalog entries, some events may seem random or confusing. Reading the datalog is completely optional and the game gives you some key points about the history within cutscenes.Fighting/Battles/Murder StuffsMechanics:There are 6 roles: Commando(the big physical damage dealer), Ravager(the chain gauge builder), Saboteur(the debuffer), Synergist(the buffer), Medic(the healer), Sentinel(the tank). You eventually unlock all roles. These roles allow you to create multiple combinations with the characters that you can and will change through a lot during battle. However, the game does not fully open up each role’s mechanics until about 19-20 hours into the game and that is a pretty long time.You have 3 characters at maximum on the battlefield at once, while only ever directly controlling one. And you'll be mostly using an Auto Battle option that does exactly as the name implies. Auto Battle chooses the most helpful attack at that moment and can often lead to you just mashing the button until the enemy dies. This will not work for every fight, but you can complete the storyline with a little bit of grinding using mainly Auto Battle. However, you cannot expect to easily defeat post-game enemies this way. Launch is a skill that is learned later, which launches an enemy in the air if their staggered bar is filled. Thus, an optimal strategy is to try and juggle launched enemies since they cannot attack unless standing on the ground.Other Stuff:If you lose a fight, the game puts you right before that fight and you try again.When a fight ends, you fully heal all of your HP making the battles much more offensive based. This makes sense as there is no resource management like MP in the game and in battle, you can use any skill as long as you have the required number of ATB sections filled.The leveling up is extremely linear. You just choose which role you want your person to master and then throw your experience into it. You can prioritize some over others, but you'll eventually fill everything up to the max if you plan on doing post-game. Also, another welcome change is EXP is shared through everyone whether they are in your party or not! This lets you run around with your favorite characters and not have to worry about evening out the experience.Walking Around Or WhateverThe World:The game has very linear, narrow hallways for the majority of the game. The same chapter that changes everything introduces you to a giant field filled with creatures and treasure. Among the vastness of this expansive landscape, there exists ""NPCs"" that tell you a short story in written text and then order you to go kill something. There are numerous of these missions and they always require you to kill something. In addition, you can only do around half or so of these until post-game.Enemies are seen while walking around instead of random battles, so you can avoid a lot of fights by sneaking around their line of sight despite being in a close corridor. The enemies also have a very distinct aggro zone.Hearing Things With EarsSounds:Most everything feels appropriate and crisp when playing. From the ambient sounds of the jungle to listening to a robotic armadillo dig tunnels in the distance, it all sounds in place and sets the tone nicely. However, the footsteps could definitely use more variety. While they do make different sounds depending on ground you tread, they will always make those very similar two footstep sounds any time you step on the same material. This becomes far more apparent when travelling on metal and you have to hear the same clanks over and over again.Music:Fantastic musical score. This soundtrack includes serene and peaceful piano ballads, intense and heart-pumping orchestral pieces, and even strange ambient tracks meant to incite unease. I seriously cannot tell you how great this soundtrack is.Voice Acting:The game offers both English and Japanese audio so what's not to like? The English version was very well done and I prefer it over the Japanese.Personal Thoughts/Summary MaybeYeah, Personal Thoughts:This game definitely is not for everyone, especially if you think Final Fantasy 7 is the best because you played it when you were a child. I personally think this is one of the greatest entries in the entire series. As strange as it sounds, this game gives me a very strong, calming, and pure blissful feeling when I play it. This is the second time I hit 100% in this game, with the first being on Xbox 360. When asked why I love this game so much, I immediately think of the stunning visuals, outstanding sound track and memorable characters. However, Hope is dead to me. When you pair misguided anger with a child, you have two of the most abhorrent characteristics coming together resulting in the worst character in Final Fantasy history and I wish they just killed him off. While this game may lack certain story aspects and straightforwardness that is usually found in Final Fantasy games, I enjoyed what was presented. Far too many people criticize this game on what it's not instead of looking at what it did right. I agree that Final Fantasy XIII could be better and there are issues with it, but I enjoyed the game's successes far more than the negatives. Whether this will help someone decide if they want to try it, I do not know... but I suppose this was just my way to help me understand why I liked the game.If you can look past the negatives and want to dive into the game and experience it for what it offers, you will not be disappointed. Whether you have played other Final Fantasy games or not, this game is accessible to anyone. However, if you're looking for a game to just check off a list and you lack patience, it would most likely be best for everyone if you decide to pass on this installment (and the other two XIII games) of the Final Fantasy series."
76561198166133059,Recommended,292120,25470086,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DMKA,"I love this game. I have played through this game once a year since it came out in 2010, although every other time I did so on the PS3, this is my first go on PC.No doubt over the years you've heard polarizing reception over this game, lots of stuff about how it's a ""long hallway simulator"" and ""the worst FF game ever"". While I will concede that most of the game is extremely linear and that it's nothing like any of the other FF installments, I have to say that it's nothing resembling a bad game.For one, it's got a hell of a battle system. Unlike other FF games, where player agency is minimal and you can win by holding down the confirm button after a certain point, that simply isn't possible in this game. If you don't pay attention, you will die. Battles are fast paced and demand your attention and thought to win. This fact, combined with the fact that the game consistently level caps you to keep you from ever getting overpowered (until you've beaten the game that is) makes this easily the most challenging Final Fantasy title since the 8-bit era.The cast is pretty good, though not the best in FF history (it's hard to beat Cloud and friends, or Zidane and company). They're pretty memorable and all very well fleshed out by the end. They're mostly likable and the game does a pretty good job of letting you know who they are and what drives them.The plot is confusing on the surface, but if you take time to pay attention and care what's going on (or just play through the game multiple times to catch everything you missed the first time around, like myself) it's a pretty well thought out tale with an impressively deep lore constructed. A good thing to keep in mind is that the story has one overarching prevailing theme throughout: Destiny Vs Free Will. If you keep this in mind the game is a lot easier to comprehend, particularly the final hours.As far as presentation goes, this game is absolutely gorgeous. The art direction is second to none, the soundtrack is ambient and fitting, and it is one of the most polished, bug-free games you will ever play. Everything works as it should and you will never find yourself losing a battle or having to load because something in the game went awry. And yes, while the game is linear for the first 20 hours or so, there are very good, legit story reasons as to why this is, but to say anymore on that would to be going into spoiler territory. The game does a good job of constantly pushing the player forward. Think of it as an experience similar to an action/adventure game like Uncharted in JRPG form. I know that's hard to imagine but it works surprisingly well in this game.All in all I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes beautiful story driven games with well develop characters and a deep lore with fast paced battles."
,Recommended,292120,25584425,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Teranoss,"Ahh Final Fantasy. Such a wonderful world always being reimagined and redone for better or worse. FFXIII was one of my first FF games. As like most people the first one that gets you into the series usually ends up being your favourite. Now this doesn't mean this game is for everyone.CONSIts hella linear for an RPG until about halfway in. Even then you are kind of just dropped off from hand holding to ""This is the objective now you can also do these 8 million other things"". This means you need to gain levels/CP to have an easy time. So all of a sudden you go from simplistic to complex and it really is annoying. On top of durastic changes in freedom you also have really REALLY long cut scenes. Now I love the voice acting in the game, and the CGI cutscenes but if you don't like watching cutscenes then don't play this game since it tells a lot of story through them. In short there is like 2 hours of just cutscenes to watch in the game, not including in game moments that tell story thats unskippable.ProsIt's unique. Like I said earlier they did stuff right imo with the CGI and voice acting cast. The levelling system is linear - to an extent - which makes choices easy. There is a decently complex battle system that if you can master makes the game loads easier. Not too much grinding if you don't want to, but still is a nice to have if you want to be able to beat bosses no problem.All in allThe game is fun, I would recommend anyone who likes FF to give it a try as its cheap and has loads of hours. And if you get into it, the entire series is on steam! The more support we give of these games the likelyhood of future on release date FF PC ports! (Or maybe if we are lucky not ports but built for hahaha who am I kidding) If I had to rate it out of games I love I give it 7.5/10 and for FF like I said its my favourite so 10/10"
,Recommended,292120,25583854,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jac1975asc [Frozen Spirit Jac],"Even though this game has great graphics, music and action. There are many things that really twinge on leaning to not recommended even though I say yes it is a good game.- The Paragrim system is by far the most annoying / just like FFX-2 i found it annoying that characters can change their job mid battle. I know it comes in handy but really it loses the reality of fantasy aspect.- At the end of the game you kill Orphan and then if you want to use the extra accessory slot, you can only do it from a preload of the game prior to killing him and back track and do all the things from there... You cant start a new game with open accessories and with all that you had from previous. Maybe its me, but I find that annoying too, to sit and go through the whole thing again.- Some accessories don't really come into effect, as they are completely random, literally 1/100 chance at times it appears, and that's when they are levelled max.Overall the game graphics are stunning, creatures interesting, and trying to look up Light or Vanilles skirt is fun. But it isn't the type of game I would play again. Not like FF6->10.Glad it is finished, it was worth it, but not a 2nd time round."
76561197997071978,Recommended,292120,25595796,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Overdriver039,"A great game. As a fan of the series I realy loved it. Althou it does have some bad sides. At the begining the new battle system dissapoints you a bit(or no, it depends), as it is totaly different from previous chapters of the game. But in time you get used to it. Sometimes the main story made me feel bored, but it is still ok. In some locations the coridoring also makes you feel bored. You get free movement only almost at the end of the game, which made me sad=/ The new role leveling system is cool. As a lot of variesties to form your party and a huge variety of equpment.So the storyline gets 7/10, the gameplay 6/10, graphics 8/10, and leveling/equpmint system 9/10.My score 7.5A cool game to play if you are a fan of the series and want to try something new.As well as good game for those, who love JRPG with their combat system.If you are new to the game series and JRPG as well, dont try it first. Play FF7 or 8 to feel the difference."
76561198319488843,Recommended,292120,24572698,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,cruzzio95,Awesome game runs well at 1080p played it on ps3 but the pc version is graphically better.
,Recommended,292120,24530709,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,I remember having a nightmare of a never ending hallway that had less walking than this.
,Recommended,292120,24506908,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Electric Druid,"Formerly owning this game on 360, this game still has breathtaking graphics 7 years later. With the addition of the 1080p resolution, graphics is by far one of the strongest upsides of this game. The battle system is fun, and although the game is linear, at least to begin with, it does offer a challenge, and some individualistic memorability to the common philosophical themes of the franchise. As long as you can get past (or enjoy) the quirky anime themes such as random sexual noises, emotional drama, dramatic poses, sugar rushed overly innocent characters in skimpy clothing and a grind, this game is an 8.4/10.Pros:Graphics 1080pStunning designUnique battle systemColourful and dynamic range of enemiesChallengingSkippable cutscenes (personally I like the cutscenes, but for those returning who just want to beat the grind)Cons:VanilleLinear grind until the creme de la cremeLong battle system tutorial"
,Recommended,292120,25811156,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,elle,"Game looks and sounds absolutely amazing. However, the story is convoluted and comes to an unsastifying end. Combat is very different from previous FF titles which might turn away some FF diehards, it is fast-paced unadulterated fun though.Oh and yes, the game is very linear until you reach Gran Pulse which is after around 30+ hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,292120,27154465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lorelai Aldynn,"I thought this game was beautiful, had amazing graphics, amazing characters and then Snow Villiers appeared on my screen7.8/10 too much Snow - IGN"
,Recommended,292120,27120535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,!ExclamationMark™,"I enjoyed the game, interesting storyline, although quite linear. Art style blew my socks off, since it's my first Final Fantasy game, I can see why most people enjoy the game series."
76561197970685135,Recommended,292120,14019362,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,skumy,"Globally a better experience than the console version since the december patch, but fps drops are still a drawback for the immersion.Anyway this game still is a great JRPG despite the sequels being better..."
76561197966306797,Recommended,292120,27138959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chilno,Good Story
76561198029509228,Not Recommended,292120,27338519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Verzena,"Not a very enjoyable game,combat system feels very repetetive and the whole game is like a tutorial and dont get me on the story"
,Recommended,292120,27335548,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lokier,Bad linear gameplay but for some reason I love it and the story
76561198030419716,Not Recommended,292120,27343830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tuhyoriesok,"Not a fit for me. I tried to like it, but too much stuff i do not presonally like were present.- cutscene snooze fest - not a fan of long cutscenes on every corner- corridor - linear as hell, i prefer exploration- uncomfortable combat - even played on gamepad, and for me it felt nonintuitive (controls) and forced (much prefer turn based combat in this type of games)- will not play again — ever+ interesting worldDisclaimer1: First game in FF universe ever played.Disclaimer2: Loved Last Remnant. (it suffers hard form some things mentioned above, but combat won me over)"
,Recommended,292120,27346454,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Okizu,Pretty Fun Game
76561198035120215,Recommended,292120,27359756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CodeRider,"A very underappreciated FF game.  Admittedly, the first part of the game is quite tedious, but the mid to late game is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,292120,27355134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darewin,Best combat system in an FF game.
76561198008685702,Recommended,292120,27331909,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CryJo,Final Fantasy XIII a game that makes you dream.
,Recommended,292120,27378039,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yakuza Sumo,get ready for 15
,Recommended,292120,27246548,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,:::Faith:::,Epic.
,Recommended,292120,27030167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ss10184,boring as usual the first 50 hours... after that u good to go :) dont drop it halfway
76561198132212823,Recommended,292120,27260991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Radeen,best story ever
,Recommended,292120,27265463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WhiteMeowMeow,"Good game for a final fantasy die hard fan. This game has a very unique feature of battle unlike other final fantasy I played with its own difficulty. The only problem I have with it is the long winding battle sometimes. Other than that, it is great."
76561197970964299,Recommended,292120,26483067,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Magick Mak,"Now that you can play this is 1080 or 4k...  I would never touch the console version again.  Same game, same features, more impressive visuals.While it's not my favorite FF game, I'd still recommend it to both fans and people that were previously not fans of the series.Real-time combat with a lot of customization.  Each character can be assigned multiple roles (tank, dps, magic, heal, buff, debuff) and you can really come up with some interesting combinations for any situation.  It's nothing like the old turn based combat the series is known for which is a big positive to some gamers.  I could care less as long as it's fun which it is.It's extremely linear for most of the game but it does open up for exploration later on.  I personally prefer the old world map exploration but they made up for it with some impressive dungeons and challenging combat.The characters are memorable and I'd argue that each one is less annoying than Tidus from FFX so that's a huge plus.I wish there was an option to adjust sound settings (music, voice, sound effects, etc) because I don't like being forced to hear one thing over another if I just want to zone out to the BGM.  That's my biggest complaint.I'm a Squeenix fanboy but Square Enix has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off plenty of times so I'm not afraid to call them out when they do something silly.  This is not one of those things in my opinion.  It's a great entry in the series, a great RPG for non-FF fans to play, and it's worth at least a single playthrough (I'm on my 3rd playthrough which will likely be my last)."
,Recommended,292120,26632442,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Gallifrey (伊弉諾),What else to say. As in every FF game the Fantasy is blasting and time-absorbing.Must have if you like FF <3
76561198041681175,Recommended,292120,25800364,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zero,"actually I dont find the linear game play for a rpg game a big problem, but I hate the terrible english translation..."
76561197998688905,Recommended,292120,26375623,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bakum,"Being a fan of the FF series as a whole I really REALLY tried to get through this game. But it's incredibly boring. I originally tried to play this on PS3 when it first came out and didn't finish it then either. So I figure ""what the heck, its on sale on steam, i'll try again""So generally the first couple hours can be filled with fluff and character building which is expected with most RPG's. However, it just seems like this process never stops. After a few days playing maybe 1 hour or so a night, it felt like a chore to turn it on. I'm only roughly 6 hours into it but haven't picked it back up in months.I can't say the game is bad because it's very different from the traditional FF games. The combat is super fast paced but really not difficult. I find myself just hitting Auto Battle more than anything else and just Switching to Healing Paradigm when my health is low.Overall, I would still recommend playing this game if your a fan of the series but for me, personally, I just couldn't get through it out of boredom."
,Recommended,292120,25994692,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FlatLander,Great game. Adequate port.
,Recommended,292120,24887990,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Slicey,There is a lot of Hope in this game. :^)
,Recommended,292120,26638382,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Right wing death squad,Full of feels. Bad gameplay. And more feels. 7.5/10.
76561198101641954,Recommended,292120,27012225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-T✪pz-,A little too late for a review but I feel like I really should give this game a thumbs up (Y)! Great game!
76561198015196676,Recommended,292120,27068119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ssh4life,Nominated for the coveted “Best Use Of Lightning” award on 12 systems.
,Recommended,292120,26914978,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alex T. Fenris,"A true Final Fantasy in the spirit of the franchise. Reinvention, rejuvenation, revolution. XIII stands tall as the entry of the series that is probably hated by most, but loved by its fans all the more."
,Recommended,292120,26919251,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rarmada,Otimo jogo!
,Recommended,292120,21014876,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ryxian,"Got this game when it first came out on 360 and I loved it. Got it for the PC and it has amazed me all over again. Amazing storyline and characters, a beautiful world and awesome gameplay. This is a game I will always reccomend. 10/10"
76561198025268746,Recommended,292120,21396410,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,9029,"This game is like an attractive blonde female friend. She looks really good and you don't mind hanging out with her since your friends are enviously asking you about her and what you guys are up to as you respond with ""nah we chill, it's ez"". But once you get really close to her you start to see every layer of makeup, the pimples below, the fake eyelashes. Eventually you're gonna listen to her and realize that nothing she says makes sense. Just like this game. Simple-minded, restrictive, deceptive.Would still recommend, becuz I spent 100 hours on it heh"
76561198052298223,Recommended,292120,27028614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ุ,Cool game!..i really like palying rpg games that keeps me busy during a battle.
,Recommended,292120,27063243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xsys,Not the best FF game but story line is still interesting. Eidolons are pretty much useless by the way.
76561198253591344,Not Recommended,292120,26034168,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Just The Tip,Force closes as soon as I get into battles. Didn't start happening until a couple hours in.
76561198025625270,Not Recommended,292120,15067418,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,xterminal86,"I guess I'm too old for this...After playing for quite a lot of time in this I finally formed my opinion about the game. And it's not because the PC launch was bad. In my opinion those small flaws at the first launch were just minor inconveniences, comparing to the scale of the game itself: it's Final Fantasy 13, that so many people are talking about, and it's finally here! So I deliberately decided to play until the end and only then write a review.I am used to classic FF games: with turn based ATB, overworld and stuff. As far as my knowledge goes, every FF game so far had some certain things, that made the series so special, and those two were among them. And here much of that has been thrown away. Only ""Cid"" remained, I guess.The plot is lame: it's twisted, but it's just too much of everything, and it's served very fragmentary. Certain heroes behave very strange (especially Vanille), but I guess it has something to do with Japanese mentality or something... Gameplay is just too linear: all you have to do is run from one point of corridor to another from chapter to chapter, occasionally fighting some battles. Battle system is a little bit resemblant to FF Crisis Core the difference being 3 characters doing battle and so called ""paradigms"" system present.Maybe the game was intended for teenager auditory, that's why you have all those simplifications.I would say this: it's much easier to just watch the ""movie"" (all cutscenes from the game), than play the game itself. It's just pointless. Characters just don't connect you to them. Well, at least that was my case... So, just watch the movie, you won't lose anything.Old-time FF fans - beware. This one is not your regular Final Fantasy.People who want to get acquainted with JRPG genre - this game is a bad candidate. Stay away."
,Recommended,292120,26020844,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Vlad,"Port isn't perfect (though I haven't played since I upgraded from a GTX 660 to an R9 390) but it's certainly better than XIII-2's port. Game is fun and story is interesting, although linear. Narrow corridors are frequent though character customization and combinations make up for it I feel."
76561198086563155,Recommended,292120,26195348,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jewsian,"[This review has no Spoilers]I would reccommend this game very highly to those who have never played a FF game before and want to break into something else. FFXIII was my first main Final Fantasy game. For years I have wanted to play a FF game because I always wanted to try something different, that's just apart of who I am as a Gamer.  Get this game on Sale.The Story of this game can be a bit hard to follow at first because you are thrust into the action right away with a lot of a new terms. So don't let yourself get deterred from this game because the story, characters and definitions are a bit much to take in at first. Furthermore, this game starts off kinda slow and is linear up until a certain point but I ask that you stick with it because this game can be fun and challenging especially if it's a first experience thing and you get engrossed/attached to the characters and gameplay like I did.The game does punish you if you do not let yourself do some grinding and work toward leveling up your characters. This game is live turn based so you attack when you can and requires more strategy and pre planning than you might think when it comes to facing the vast amount of enemies you will encounter. The gameplay was great for me and overall I enjoyed it.FFXIII is very much polished and took some major dedication compared to the two games that followed. I believe it's because the Dev's tend to dedicate their time to every Major FF Game and leave behind a skeleton crew to work on the game sequels. The two other games extend the story and universe more but the third game ends on the same note (not the same ending) as this game so you won't NEED to play the two following games. However, I loved this game so much I bought the sequles and finished the 3rd game earlier today.My final verdict for this game is that it is an emotional character driven story but with fun gameplay that can be seen by some as a grind but I live for that type of gameplay. Challenging one's self while being offered options in strategy to adapt is very appealing to me. I rate this game a solid 7 out of 10."
76561198001971661,Recommended,292120,26113365,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,trolura,"For me this game strikes the right balance between player freedom and story progression, though the scenery for the story progression seems a bit to artificial at times. It has a bit of grinding which is slightly tedious, but I probably overdid it.The story is ok but not as good as some of the other FF games.I like the characters and how they evolve through the game.The gameplay is ok a lot of battles are just spamming your default setup, but the battles that requires more can be quite tense :-)The mechanics with equipment doesn't work they are confusing and not needed to complete the game.Overall I had fun so I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,292120,30891814,Posted: 1 April,all,Duck,"INTROFinal Fantasy 13 is the first season of Final Fantasy 13 Trilogy and it's how Final Faantasy have always been using ATB style, but FF13 could charge up to 6 ATB basic command use 1 while some use 2 or 3 or even 6. FF13 lvl up system is a bit different from the other FF games, i'll tell you later.1st let's go to the storySTORYActually, i wouldn't bother buying 1st season of FF13 Trilogy if it's not for it's story, well the story is just that worth it for me. The story basically feels like so sad, so tragic, so touching. It's all about human who became a l'cie to fulfill a mission and they are going to sleep after doing the mission, so why is it interesting for me ? Let me tell you, i like how Square Enix style in writing the script for Final Fantasy 13 like there is this protagonist who is a soldier acting all tough all the time and so cold and there is this guy called Snow feels totally like an idiot but in the same time he is so cool. Well i won't spoil anymore than this just personally i think that this story is good if you like a story might as well try play FF13 Trilogy.BATTLE SYSTEMAs i mention before FF13 use ATB for it's battle system. We have 6 character and we choose 3 in combat, and there is about 6 role to master but every character only has 3 role in the beginning. In FF13 we can customize every character equipment, we can obtain the equipment from drop, or chest and then we can upgrade it too.About level up system in FF13 it use something like experience, you get it and then spend it to boost stats or obtain certain abilities, but there aren't that many option to spend it, it's like a tree trunk with a few branches.Combat system uses ATB as i mention before, we insert some command and then excecute it, and remember we can only control 1 character and we're free to choose. Also we can choose auto command in battle or repeat command to use your previous command.PRO+ Great Story+ Cool character+ Voice acting is quite awesome+ Main character is beautiful and cool+ Soundtrack is wonderful+ Many side quest, i haven't finished most of them but i think there are many of them+ Setting is pretty goodCONS- Only road, the map is large but it's basically only a road- Combat system is too passive, we can play it without thinking, just push the auto command in every battle- Level up system is much less the same as they choose it for us even though they want us to boost our stats by ourselves- Boring combat systemCONCLUSIONIf you're a story lover you definitely should play it, but if you like gameplay more than story i guess you shouldn't play it cause you might stop halfway, and i think even if you skip this game you can read the story in the next season, i mean FF 13-2. Well the main story isn't so hard to beat so enjoy it if you choose to play it. Hope it help you :)"
,Recommended,292120,26112753,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zanza,"I never played a FinalFantasy game before so i started with this one cuz everybody says its ""the worst"", I think its an OK game, the game open up way too late though, and buffing/debuffing (or any) ally A.I. cant be customized but other than that its alright. 7/10"
,Recommended,292120,25617401,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,No Chill,"Not bad. If you play the sequel, you'll definitely appreciate all the gameplay changes they made. Regardless: at the time I played XIII, I was fairly sedentary and had no problems playing what many would consider a interactive movie. If you're looking for something long to just ""sink into"" without needing to compete with other people, or check a FAQ because you're stuck or something, you might enjoy this game. The battle system does seem stripped down compared to past games, but it will still require you to think and act intelligently in order to succeed against tougher enemies.Visuals are nice, though I had a poor framerate on my computer at 1080P. Music is fantastic. As for characters+story, if you're a FF fan you probably know what you're getting into. Personally I think Sazh is the only relatable main character, since in terms of mannerisms/personality, he's the closest to an actual human being you would meet in real life. Fang was also likable due to being sassy, but in a confident way and not a ♥♥♥♥♥y way. Others are kinda lame or annoying, except Vanille who is BOTH. But this doesn't hurt the game too much. Basically, this is the type of game you'll play through but never mention to friends/coworkers/etc. because on the surface, it's just embarrassing."
,Recommended,292120,25686070,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bend the fucking knee,"I was a bit skeptical when I first played this game because of the things I've heard about it not being good and too linear. I ended up beating this game and loving it. I started getting attracted to Final Fantasy games and this was the first game I played. I can't compare it to other Final Fantasy games but I really enjoyed this game. The linearity was great imo because it made me focus on the rather confusing story (at first). I really fell for the characters, I thought the cutscenes were amazing and the gameplay wasn't too bad. All in all, the game was great and I plan on playing more Final Fantasy games including the second and third of the XIII series."
76561198050533495,Recommended,292120,25619018,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Banksy Mouse,"FFXII was one of the first games that impressed me graphically. The game play is very different from anything else in the genre, but I love the change and am lloking forward to the future of the franchise."
,Recommended,292120,26295676,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Scarynka,"This game has the greatest graphics of all games I've ever played. That's no joke. But what I'd like to say is the lack of... fun? I want more action, more than just battles - maybe some minigames etc. I didn't finish the game yet though, so maybe it's too early to say anything ^^"
,Recommended,292120,27399701,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phantom Knight Solaire (Alch),"In my opinion, it's a fantastic game worth a lot of praise, though I can see why fans of traditional RPGs are miffed by it. If you go into this game expecting Final Fantasy VI, of course you're going to be disappointed. Once you realize that traditional Final Fantasy will probably not ever return to the main line of games and you hedge your expectations and take this game at face value, you can enjoy this game. I came into it expecting nothing, but I was blown away by the storytelling that this game had. The pacing and cinematic experience is where this game shines. Even the battle system was something I thought to be amazing. It was great fun and fairly different from what I have experienced in the past. Overall, it's definitely one of my favorite RPGs from the past decade. I suggest people to try this game, but with the aforementioned clear mind."
76561198165209626,Recommended,292120,24031069,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lone Star,"This game is very fun and sticks to the core Final Fantasy Motif.The controls can be difficult without a controller.The story line is in depth as well as hours of gameplay, which is immersive."
,Recommended,292120,24029924,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,cms,If you can get the game upscaled and running at proper fps it is a beautiful game
,Not Recommended,292120,18647916,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Illasera,"Let's start with the BAD : You all know by now :Over-dramatic, slow-paced GAME (not gameplay), Tube walking simulator.The good : Awesome graphics, some music pieces are epic.but the CORE/MAIN reason is that the RPG gameplay was finally FIXED (With respect to its predecessors) :No more enemies/bosses casting dispells on you even if you have nothing on.No more shell/protect defeats everything.Pre-emptive strike is now controllable and does not results in enemy instant-kill .Ultimate/kill all spells 9999999 damage to all are also gone.the ""Job system"" is more dynamic now, better than ever and tactful.Almost ALL the enemies can now give a good fight.The gameplay makes you think and presents a challenge at times, that's all i care for, solid gameplay.EDIT :A little change of heart, The game does become a boring ""modern"" grindfast in mid/late game.EDIT 2  :After playing the game some more, I have to write, yea, the combat system is still on the threshold of bad (Fixed, as mentioned above), but loads of room for improvement, But it is a step in the right direction, I think the battle system shows an interesting concept, and should square decides to revise it, the next iteration could be GREAT.The biggest drawback for me is the inability to control all the characters in a given point, Granted, I can understand why, but this is the part i don't like, and if they (square) will manage to find a way to keep the fast pace and allow full control, I believe the game will be extremely enjoyable (or the next game)."
,Recommended,292120,23055395,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Saitzu,"I did read a lot of bad things about this game but overall I recommend it. I started playing in the Play Station but I didn't manage to finish it. The battle system is completely different, the same for the skills. I am used to battles with turns but after trying this one, I can't say that it's bad like some people did. The story was good, maybe the only thing that I didn't like was that is kind of futuristic, I am more into old stuff. The monsters were completely different to what I am used. The music was fine, the characters, each of them completely different to each other, their roles, one character being able to be more than mage/healer/melee/etc. I don't know for the rest, but the story managed to make me want to cry in the end. After finishing this I rushed to start the second part, I will let the grind part for when I am bored.Pros:-Completely different to what we are used in the past FF.-The graphics.-The characters, especially Hope. Love this dude.-A lot to grind.Cons:-Futuristic stuff, I hate it.-The game is not completely well optimized, sometimes it was really slow like your pc couldn't handle it.-No more guils from battles."
76561197992249487,Recommended,292120,23127098,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Avenged,"Haven't played this since it came out on the Playstation many years back. Coming back to it now on PC I have to say I was more hooked on it this time around. Have progressed further than I had on the Playstation and despite the download taking forever, I am still just as hooked as I was back then.Storyline makes more sense to me now (even after playing the later FF trilogy) and I thoroughly enjoy the cut scenes on the PC as I feel more upclose and personal with it.FF wouldn't be the same without all the cut scenes either so be prepared for a lot of cut scenes. I enjoy this combat style a lot more, choosing when to engage in a battle, and if you want to be lazy and sneak past. Also the option still to use a potion to give you stealth for those easier bonus attacks at the start are handy.10/10 would still play even though it's on PC. FF isn't exactly one of those games you can just ""skip through"" or ""overlook"" still a classic game no matter which one you play."
76561198168078135,Recommended,292120,23037140,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ervn,The graphics and music (and perhaps battle system) are the main attraction of this gamethe cinematic scenes also look good
76561198142477352,Recommended,292120,15124639,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hana Song,"Played this game for 100 hours on PS3. Best game I've ever played ( and will be yours either only if you can understand the story). Yes, the story is complicated at first but once you get to it, you'll LOVE it. However, first, watch the game's videos, like it's battle system or controls vice versa. You may not like it. If you are into RPG's or JPRG's you'll love this game. Trust me."
76561198170115614,Recommended,292120,15343604,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Royal,"Awesome game! Fun gameplay, a little different from other standard RPGs. Fun"
76561198069153363,Recommended,292120,15345361,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Manifest Breastiny (Silver),"I've seen this game get a lot of hate, especially from ""hardcore"" Final Fantasy players, but I can wholeheartedly and honestly say that I had a great time playing this game. It's great for newcomers like I was and can be a ""gateway drug"" of sorts to the other FF games. Despite the linearity of the game, the cutscenes and story-driven nature is a great break from games that can get too hung up on sidequesting (I'm looking at you Bethesda)*.Overall, a great and refeshing experience.*Disclaimer I still love Bethesda and all of the awesome games they have to offer, so put your swords and rifles away."
,Recommended,292120,14981832,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,justbecauseiamasian,"I know this game has suffered from a lot of backlash but to be honest this game is a gem on its own. Yes it does have a different battle system, but that is what makes it unique. It may not be for everyone but like all Final Fantasy games they are really played for their story and content and Final Fantasy XIII has more than enough of that to suffice and please many. If you are one for the classics and turn based combat, this has that simply in a different form.The port to PC was done very well, I know some Final Fantasy game ports didn't do so well but Square Enix did a good job with Final Fantasy XIII, and I am glad they did so because I never got to finish this game on the console so I am glad I picked this up during the sale, also got XIII-2 as well. Anyway I am not one to write many reviews but I felt like I should drop my 2 cents, so there yha go. Haha, enjoi."
76561198114269548,Recommended,292120,15034860,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Light,Fav game. ♥♥♥♥ing OP
,Recommended,292120,15035068,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,CupCakeSlim,awesome game love it
,Recommended,292120,12487107,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sugarloaf Stickybuns,"EDIT: Square have patched the game and it now runs fine.I have put a lot of time into the story and endgame, but while it's an okay RPG on it's own, it really is mediocre as a Final Fantasy RPG."
,Not Recommended,292120,14997702,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Coraljoe Rectangleknickers,"Still has performance issues even after the patch. AMD user.It's an alright game, but these issues have made me wary of Square's future PC ports. Valkyria got it right. This dropepd every ball it could."
76561197995133463,Recommended,292120,15000658,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Drown In Your Lies,"I enjoyed it a lot more once I set it to easy and stopped taking it seriously.Enemies knock you around a bit more than they should, and your team makes no effort to not stand in AoEs, which will just straight up screw you sometimes.The Crystarium would've really benefitted from an automated option.Overall, there's a lot of thing I didn't like, but something about it kept me coming back."
76561198088503613,Not Recommended,292120,15010855,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mouser,My framerate has constant drop making this game impossible to play. if anyone knows how to fix please let me know.
76561198078132151,Recommended,292120,15077452,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Downer,"I wrote an earlier review for this title and feel I did a dissevice to the game. After beating it I decided to make amends and give it it's just desserts. My main complaints we're the battle system and it was a little more indepth than I anticipated. Sorry.World/Level Design: Top Notch. Final Fantasy games are always impressive.Character Design: I felt they we're a little generic but Lightning. <3Battle System: You can just be a lamer and use a healer/dps/dps type paradigm in 95% of the battles and just hold the button of a rapid fire controller. This will result in a low battle ranking but has the potential to suck the life from the game.Controls/Interface: Well done.Sound/Music: Great, with the exception of the battle music seeming somewhat repeative throughout the game.Port: I did see some frame rate issues with cut scenes. Not too terrible though if you are drunk or high. lolVerdictSo I do reccomend this game now but not to everyone. Only to fans of the RPG genre and especially fans of the series. If you tend to get bored with cut scenes and story line you may want to give it a pass."
76561198070655443,Recommended,292120,23058382,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Luluw~,"For all the hate this game received, it's pretty amazing.Now, I will admit that it has a few flaws ; it's far from being a perfect game, and if you start playing, expecting a typical Final Fantasy 7-type game, you will be disappointed. Even if it is a Final Fantasy, it is pretty linear for the first half of the storyline, and the battle system doesn't offer as much freedom as other turn-based RPGs. To finish up the flaws, I'd say it lacks in comparison to other PC games on some otherwise basic features ; for example, a lot of missing customization functions (you can't even change the sound of the game), framerate dropping a little in certain parts of the game, etc.Those flaws aren't too bothersome, and honestly aren't enough to ruin your experience ; the performance issues aren't that annoying (and even common nowadays because of the poor PC ports that keep being made), the battle system, even if slightly automated, isn't boring at all (thanks to the paradigm system), and, well... Whether you like the linear story or not is up to you ; I personally liked being immersed in a story as incredible as FF XIII's, so it didn't bother me.Talking about qualities, this game has plenty. As I said, the story of this game is beautiful and complex, with some cutscenes that have truly left a mark in my memory as a gamer and the OST contains tons of songs that fit the game perfectly. The characters all have a deep story and personnality, if you're willing to look past their first impression, which is exactly what the game wants you to do, and which is exactly what many people DIDN'T do. Sure there's a ""cutesy"" kind of girl, sure there's the stereotype of the stubborn hero, but there's so much more than just that to their character. All these elements that were criticized separately, actually complement each other very well to create a unique experience.Also, a small but important detail : there is a ton of post game content with very hard superbosses, at the cost of a lot of farming. Farming isn't too hard in this game however, so just hang out with a friend in a skype call, grab something to munch on while you put your brain on autopilot, and it will become more relaxing than annoying.To finish up my review, I'll repeat what I've said earlier ; if you expect a good old turned-based RPG in an open world to explore, you're going to be disappointed. If you want your game to run perfectly, you're going to be a little annoyed. But look past that, and you have a game with an immersive and amazing story, charismatic characters, a fast-paced combat system, and plenty to do even with a somewhat linear story.By the way, the game IS very long, and IS very hard. Expect a tough challenge if you play on normal mode! (but well, there's always an easy mode if you just want to enjoy the story)"
,Recommended,292120,27724164,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Malcefious,Absolutely amazing!
76561198007557034,Recommended,292120,27696601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Niarb,"The best Final Fantasy game, great story and really fun combat."
76561197968541227,Recommended,292120,27864223,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BSTAR,I love this game so much <3
,Recommended,292120,17469307,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Vachvell,"Final Fantasy XIII is a lot like a roller coaster ride. It takes a lot of time to build up the momentum, but once it reaches the peak, it rushes down for a ride of fun.The gameplay has a unique twist to the Active Time Battle (ATB) system. Each character is given a role specializing in either attacking, casting,  defending, healing, buffing, or debuffing. The roles given to characters change up the way battles are typically fought using strategy rather than using brute force to win fights. Terms used for status ailments are slightly different here with ""fog"" replacing ""silence"" and ""daze"" replacing ""sleep"". A variety of other spells and abilities are also left out with new ones added in this game, so this will feel like a different kind of Final Fantasy game.The story tells about a world of corruption and morals to be had. Idealisms, ambitions, fate, destiny, all clash within the plot. It has some interesting points and events throughout the game.The visual graphics are beautiful. Character models look incredibly realistic, except for perhaps the hands and feet. Background visuals are very colorful and blend together very well. It makes the world feel enormous and immersive.The sound quality has its ups and downs. The voice acting gives the main cast diverse backgrounds, but whether or not the voice fits each character is debatable. Non-player characters do not sound all that great, and monster cries feel a bit weak. The music, however, is very melodic. Although the majority of the orchestrated instrumentals do not sound catchy nor rhythmic, it really sets the pacing and tone for game world it resides in.Perhaps the biggest flaw this game has is its pacing. The game starts out really slow, with battles played out straight forward for almost one-quarter of the game time. In addition to that, the paths are very linear with almost no room for exploration. Until your characters are actually able to grow (as in, actually increasing stats and learning abilities) it's mostly ""mash the attack button to win.""Final Fantasy XIII is an enjoyable game for those that are patient enough to go with the slow pace. Once the pace starts picking up, players will be in for a wild ride."
76561198074372625,Recommended,292120,27676955,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drozdo,"Almost purchased an X-Box 360 because of this game.When this came out, I purchased X-Box controller, external graphic card adapter for my laptop, a huge TV.Now I am playing sitting in my couch fascinated by the gameplay, cutscenes, characters and story.Bought all games from trilogy."
76561198047648082,Recommended,292120,27639530,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ϟ Super Grιммjow ϟ  CRO,good game
,Recommended,292120,27916173,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,비토,i really enjoyed it best XIII game
76561198073750581,Recommended,292120,28542742,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dog,"It was a pretty good game afterall. The story did the most for me since the combat mechanic is a bit stale untili mid/end game, but in the end game the gameplay becomes more dynamic."
76561198036814656,Recommended,292120,27998000,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chamberkeeper,"Nice graphics, atmosphere, partially the script.Only problem, that on 7 hour of play, still show up tutorials. It is so complicated, yet beautiful."
76561198095146076,Recommended,292120,26973820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Auri,"Final Fantasy XIII is one of the best, if not the best RPG that I have played. The characters are good, with  a lot of depth, and the setting is amazing. The storyline is intreguing, and leaves much open for the sequel games to play off of. The graphics are nice as well. Well worth the price."
,Not Recommended,292120,27020300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Necrofear,"Please understand that when people tell you not to buy this game it is because they love you.by now you have heard the complaints about it being linear, bad story, bad gameplay etc. I will only confirm everything bad you have heard about the game is true.I would add that I tried, I really really tried to enjoy this game, please see hours played. so yes I put some effort into it.if you honestly still buy this game I will leave you with this tid bit of advice that will get you through 80% of the gameCOM RAV RAV"
,Recommended,292120,14755080,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,No Friends,This game on my new desktop is by far the best game to play graphic wise.
76561197967851486,Not Recommended,292120,14739752,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,vee0001,2nd game i bought from steam an it did not work wasted money tryed conctacting steam an they re-routed me to game creator like its not there fault for selling games here that dont work
76561198168185359,Not Recommended,292120,14745207,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,esuzzanne,"If you like sidequests and a world map, don't buy this game.  Its not like FF7, FF10, FF10-2, or FF12.  Those are the Final Fantasy games I have played and this is not like those.  The graphics are amazing but the game is a line and you don't make any decisions you just click mindlessly for hours.  Its more like watching a really long movie but you have to constantly click a button to make it keep going.  I'm sorry Square Enix but I was disappointed."
,Recommended,292120,14735810,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Killdog99x,much better done port than i expected
,Recommended,292120,14731804,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Eyroff,"Gameplay isn't terribly hard, and everything is quite linear until near the end, which could be undesirable for some players. However, I really enjoyed the game. It was a nice tour through the world, with a storyline that I mostly got behind. Sometimes the characters did dumb things that didn't make sense, but they experienced growth and were great at the end.The game isn't for everyone, but I liked it."
76561197995350477,Recommended,292120,14382183,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Meitelie,"Love the FF series.  Not as happy about the summoning beasts, but I like the story, love the art/graphics and definitely love the soundtrack.  I have loved summoning powerful beasts in previous games and this one leaves something to be desired.  I have enjoyed playing this game (so far).  Key bindings do suck, though.  And I do have some issues with game play for the PC version... Buyer beware.  If you already love the series, then play this game.  I needed to check the box anyway."
76561198142627551,Recommended,292120,14387541,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,floaty_79,"I played Final Fantasy Type-0 for the PSP before playing this game. As such, I was already familiar with a lot of the terminology that it used in FF13. Those of you playing the game for the first time may not understand everything that is said, so I'll try and provide a quick primer.-Crystals have been integrated into machines called fal'Cie.-fal'Cie turned humans into powerful mages called l'Cie.-l'Cie are given a focus (specialized mission) to complete by the crystal who brands them/claims them for its own.-In the world of FF13, there are several different fal'Cie, as there are several different crystals.-The primary conflict exists between Cocoon- a man-made, self-contained continent- and Pulse- the world outside Cocoon.-When a Pulse-aligned fal'Cie (crystal machine) is found inside Cocoon, the Cocoon government decides to initiate what's called a ""purge.""-The Purge is aimed at reducing the number of people who can be converted into Pulse l'Cie.-Caught up in the Purge are Lightning, a military officer, several revolutionaries, and a large number of civilians.-The story revolves around what happens when five people survive/escape from the government's efforts to exterminate them.I wasn't sure whether this game would work on my system, since I have a laptop that's not geared toward gaming. However, after downloading the 60 GB required for the game, I found that it works perfectly. There's no lag, no problems with combat. I'm playing a console game without a console, and I love it.The characters themselves are revealed little by little as the game goes along. At first, it won't be apparent why they are doing what they are doing. Keep going, and you'll find out their motivations, their past histories, etc. The characterization is done in a very clever way: the characters are defined by what they do and how they react.For example:Lightning is a harsh, abrasive woman who has a lot of pain inside her.Snow is a leader with a hero complex who thinks he has to save everyone.Vanille is an incurable optimist who knows a lot less about the world than she should.Sazh calls himself an ""old man"" though he doesn't really look old. It seems that he feels somewhat inferior to the young people he is surrounded by.Hope, despite his name, is hesitant and unsure. This causes him to lash out at others, rather than accepting situations as they are.The graphics are, of course, completely amazing. The detail rendered in expressions, landscapes, the movements of monsters, the performance of small airships, all point toward an obsession with detail. Quite a lot of effort was put into this game, and it absolutely shows. I'm giving it the highest rating I can give it, because a game like this comes along once in a lifetime."
,Recommended,292120,14266627,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,zjidian,"Compared to the Final Fantasy VII and VIII ports, this seems to work a lot better. The gameplay really does lend itself well to PC for the most part and I had no problems with using a keyboard (although controller options are also available.) The game itself is pretty nice, I honestly didn't have too much of an issue with the common linearity complaint. Although some sections are unnecessarily and almost stupidly linear, the made up for it and several other areas. People have complained about it being locked at 720p, which even at that resolution the game looks incredible. (I am playing on a very small screen.) However, there are moments in the game where the framerate will slow to an absolute crawl. It isn't very often and only happened twice too me in the time I played, but it was extremely annoying and the only fix was rebooting the game. The characters themselves rely a bit too much on tropes, but what makes the cast work are their relationships. I cringed whenever Vanille spoke with that annoying screech, but the scenes between her and Sazh are extremely well written and convey a lot of emotion. The main character Lightning, a tough, ex-military woman, tends to be a bit TOO tough to really be believable, but her story really does have some shining moments. That being said, none of the characters are any good on their own, but do make a good group. All in all, while it certainly isn't the best Final Fantasy out there, it is a pretty good game in it's own right.8.5/10"
76561198088495724,Recommended,292120,16024813,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Salazar,good
,Recommended,292120,18880864,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ptvlauren3,i love the graphics of this game and the story as well i can spend hours playing it
,Recommended,292120,29127983,Posted: 8 January,all,Knoxagon,"Runs better on my Xbox 360.GTX 1080 can't even run this for more than 1 minute with Gedosato and all other ""fixes"".GG Squenix.Update: It works now, for some reason. No fixes required, everything on max settings, etc."
76561198204267640,Recommended,292120,32360488,Posted: 12 June,all,B-B-B-Baka !,I'm a huge FF nerd and this is the game is basically half my childhood with Kingdom hearts.It follows the simple RPG style of here's the bad guy go get em type but with a story that can confuse some people if they don't read the database within the game.I enjoyed this game nonetheless and it made me play nearly all the other FF titles.
,Recommended,292120,32367881,Posted: 12 June,all,marissatania,Very good
,Recommended,292120,31986898,Posted: 26 May,all,TheSnMan,Enemies operating mechas make sure to leave the intercom on so you can hear their pained grunts. Very considerate.
76561198280636290,Recommended,292120,32308756,Posted: 9 June,all,Riin,"Never played the PS3 ver so this is my first time beating this game. Let me get to the good things first.+ Graphics. Just look at those sample screenshot. The entire game is pretty much like that.+ Soundtrack. Not the best but still good. This thing depends on taste so don't vouch me on this.+ Characters. To be honest I hate almost all of them (sans Sazh and his chocobo chick) at the beginning. I grow fond of them as the game progress.+ Beautiful world and character design. Just look at that. Sometimes makes me just want to stop and appreciate the view in Grand Pulse.+ UI Design. Simple and elegant.+ Gameplay. The gameplay is more of building your party and playing with strategy in the middle of battle. I was disappointed at first, knowing that I only got to control one character in battle. With auto-battle even more. But this system gets pretty interesting from around the middle part of game where I need to actually switch out Paradigm to beat the enemy.Then the bad things. Mostly sum to simple story, a bit bug, being kinda easy, lacking world exploration, and the fact that the sequels exists.- Story. The story is too simple for my taste. There's struggle, but no big plot twist or any plot twist at all. Even the bad guy stay the same from the start through the end.- Bug. Game crashes at Nautilus. I read it in forum and it seems it's a  common issue. The reason why this is not fixed after all these years goes beyond my head.- Difficulties. Pretty easy to beat. Seriously. I only spend a few extra hours to grind out of curiosity and pretty much avoiding battle as much as I can towards the ending and I still beat the final boss in one go. And there's no option to go beyond Normal mode.- Items are useless. Why use item when you have unlimited use of Curasa and Raise?- Equipment. Start upgrading Lightning's first weapon and Hope and Sazh second weapon around midway in the game and use it until the end. Never touched those weapons I got later in the game. Accessory are just things I grab along the way and upgrade when I have extra money. Never really bothered about them since I still could win anyway.- Summons are useless. I never use any of them in the battle. Never got cornered enough to use them.- World exploration. They only have this thing in Grand Pulse. The rest of game are spent running through one way road. No tricks or watnot, just keep running straight ahead.- Sequels. There's sequels and not in the way I hope of.Conclusion: This game is not the best, but still pretty good and I didn't regret buying this at all. Recommending to grab this during sales or when you have extra money and in need of something to play. 7/10"
76561198360326413,Recommended,292120,32397815,Posted: 13 June,all,Halloir,"Even tough you don't have much mouvement to do, I loved the story and the cina!"
76561198274224360,Recommended,292120,32374214,Posted: 12 June,all,Moonstorm,"Great story, Great game"
,Recommended,292120,32010683,Posted: 27 May,all,Shibamancer,"I used to say this port was ""Serviceable at best"" but recently I've noticed something and found a few changes in its performance that jarred me so much I felt the need to recommend it in a review.First off, the build I've used - to put some things later in the review in perspective:Intel i7-6700K running at stock (4.0GHz)EVGA GeForce GTX 970 SSC16GB DDR4-3000Running the game on a Seagate 2TB 7200RPM HDDGeDoSaTo, a common graphics injector, has a plugin for the game, but I'll get into that later.On release, this port forced 720p, had no AA or shadow options, but unlike consoles, raised the framerate cap to 60FPS (Which does the game loads of justice, honestly).They HAVE fixed this. Resolutions up to 4K are supported, AA (Likely FXAA) up to 16X, and shadows up to 8192p are now supported. Still capped at 60, but that's alright.What this port on its own has no fix for currently are control rebinds, and 2D GUI components being upscaled from 720p without any anisotropy - they all scale and get a bit pixelated in the process, but this is acceptable in my humble opinion.Before the evening I wrote this review, I found that the game's performance was horrid (30 to 40 FPS avg with 2X AA and 512x512 shadows) for absolutely no reason, and on top of this, it had this remarkably annoying stutter every second or two, to the point I flat-out could not play.I tried playing with GeDoSaTo, which allows higher resolutions, supposedly a higher framerate cap, and has anisotropy for the GUI. The result of this was that the stutter was gone, and I got 60+ FPS in the overworld, but anytime a 2D GUI component would display my framerate would tank to mid-30's, with or without anisotropy. I found this bizarre.But a friend told me they bought the port today and had no issue - stutter, performance, everything was okay, default. So I was confounded. I tested it tonight and thought ""Okay, maybe they're using default settings"". Went windowed, 720p, 1024p shadows and 2X AA, got 60FPS and no stutter. I figured it made enough sense.Then I tried 1080p, fullscreen, 2048p shadows, and 4X AA, just to test waters and see how that scaled, and had no issue whatsoever.""Alright then"", I said. ""Let's crank it."" 1440p, 8192p shadows, 16X AA, loaded an endgame save to ensure I had more than enough nonsense onscreen to really bench it.60FPS, no drop, at  all.Only difference between any other time and now is perhaps a few months (With no updates to the game on Steam!) and now I'm using a controller.10/10, forgot plugging in a controller rewrites DirectX code, overclocks, nitrogen-cools and plutonium powers all of your PC components.Game itself is pretty rough around the edges - the actual good, explorative bit with an overworld and missions and lots of neat mechanics is like 20 to 30 hours in, buckle up. Writing is lacklustre, but the music and gameplay are nice. I've played it three times, so I guess I like it."
76561198279901614,Recommended,292120,32110646,Posted: 1 June,all,deejaylittell,"The game worked well on my pc. The game itself, though, is tough to get through. In contrast to other Final Fantasy titles, I had to work really hard to like this game. I had to patiently wait for the battle system to gain any dynamics whatsoever. I had to find things to like about the storyline. I had to read reviews, ensuring me that the game wouldn't maintain a linear path throughout. These aspects made we want to not bother finishing the game several times, and I wouldn't be surprised if the same would apply to the majority of players, however, I cannot say that this is a bad game - it is just one that you need work really hard to find the good."
,Recommended,292120,32118068,Posted: 1 June,all,Go Towards The Light,"Its a good game if not a bit convoluted. Port is bad though, i recommend capping it at 30fps."
76561197979103422,Recommended,292120,28805321,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SubliemeSiem,Great port for players that don't own a console
,Recommended,292120,28836280,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sat,"Been a fan since 2009 and got the chance to play it on 2014Gotta say it worth the wait, i really love this game and i dont really get why do people hate this game so muchThe score is a masterpiece for me, especially Blinded by Light and The Promise, these two has their own touchI love the battle system, not the usual ATB, which is goodBut still if they could make the battle system like Dissidia or FF Type-0, that would be awesome13/15"
76561198131334476,Recommended,292120,28995901,Posted: 3 January,all,Vasparian,"I know FFXIII gets a lot of hate and some of it justified, but it does have some good characters."
,Recommended,292120,28924822,Posted: 1 January,all,Overwatch is better,I would recomend this game however I have just had wierd frame skipping where the frames just don't match up corectly... love the game tho
76561198084659785,Recommended,292120,29103543,Posted: 7 January,all,Adivek23,I still like this game.
76561198177860519,Recommended,292120,29063008,Posted: 6 January,all,Shore402,love this  wish older ff was as beautiful as this
,Recommended,292120,29063038,Posted: 6 January,all,Paulkdragon,"This game is allright i do like the battle mechanics it's fast paced there are 2 flaws this game has1: I wish the story could explain some things: While the story was progessing i was left with some questions like..What is the fal'cie?What is the Pulse?However the game explains none of it... now i know what you people are going to say ""Thats what the internet is for"" but hoping the game will tell me what those 2 are and not the internet but it didnt... i wish the game could explain would explain that in the story...2: When your leader is KO,d Game Over:this PISSES ME OFF when this occurs i mean in Final Fantasy XII when the Leader dies the game will tell you to switch and you can revive them NOT IN XIII though.. if you Leader is KOd well TOUGH LUCK GAME OVER FOR YOU!!SEIORSLY WHAT THE BLODDY HELL!?Why can't we switch leaders in the middle of battle!?Why can't the teams mates use a Pheonix down to revive the leader?WHAT WHERE THEY THINKING!?! and this can make boss fights a PAIN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥i know Final Fantasy XIII-2 fixed this problem but WHY CAN""T THEY DO THAT IN THIS GAME!?"
,Recommended,292120,28831044,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shinjuku,"First of all this is my first final fantasy game (ff crystal chronicles on da doesn't count).Before buying I read a lot of critics about how bad the character personalities were developed. How lineal was the storyline. Almost no exploration or side quest. It was discounted so I gave it a try.It was a wonderful game. The storyline was  lineal but that was OK for me. The characters evolved step by step. The  gameplay was good nothing to complain about.On the other hand I think the mobs needed more thought, all looked too much metallic crystal like.If it is discounted and you have plenty of time give it a try.Now I gotta test xiii-2"
,Recommended,292120,28777382,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,she's just not that into you,"It's nice SE bring FF to steam, but basically no voiceover english tho :("
76561198041865882,Recommended,292120,28999767,Posted: 3 January,all,septicemic,"Think of this game as a visual novel with some RPG elements in it. It should take 50+ hours to play through from start to finish.Play this game if you want a streamlined experience where you focus on the story but also dabble in some RPG mechanics (leveling up and fighting monsters). There's minimal micro-managing and bookkeeping that you need to do.Don't play this game if you want to customize and experiment with different skills/builds. There's only one way to play the game, doing anything that the game designers did not plan for is not possible."
76561198013480482,Recommended,292120,28963284,Posted: 2 January,all,Zarck,Can you change the subtitles from English to Spanish? Thanks
,Recommended,292120,29271184,Posted: 15 January,all,Shamus,"this is the 3rd time i have bought this game. xbox 360 (sold the console), ps3 (YLOD). but after finally finishing it on pc this is a beautiful game. i dont mind how linear it is, i usually play for story line. over all this game is awesome, it can be a bit of pain to keep playing but as a fan of FF this game is great. but off i go to beat ff9 again :)"
,Recommended,292120,30074319,Posted: 21 February,all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,"This game is actually good. The graphic was superb. This is like simplified The Last Remnant on steroid.I just can't stand the FPS drop...If they didn't patch it within 2 weeks, then I will ask for refund."
76561198164197674,Recommended,292120,30075165,Posted: 21 February,all,YAR!,lOVE IT
76561198052392819,Recommended,292120,12432669,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Vespar,"Played this game on PS3 and I really enjoyed it. When the game first released on Steam there were many issues, but after some patches I feel the game is now playable and I can once again reccommend it.That being said, know that this is a very linear game that plays more like an interactive movie at times as you are led on your journey. There is almost no open world elements until way late in the game so be prepared for that. That being said, it is still a great story and one worth seeing. Remove yourself from the expectations you have of the final fantasy brand and play this game as if it had zero ties to the franchise and I think most people will review it in a more positive light.If linear stories aren't your thing then maybe its not the game for you.Regardless, great graphics, cool story, appealing voice actors, and decent combat all make for a good gameplay experience."
,Recommended,292120,12455561,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Izera,"This port has been fixed, and plays very well now!"
76561198137611814,Recommended,292120,28650036,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,baylithe,"Takes a little bit before you get strong and have cool abilities. Then everything is stronger than you so you grind till you can oneshot everything, then everything is stronger than you in the next area. Very repetitive and no towns to visit to shop for items in. 6.5 /10"
,Recommended,292120,28651118,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,toshiro,"I'm newbie from this game and played this game for 175 hours with all achievements unlocked. Therefore you can tell that this game have a great storyline that sticks me to play it that much. I have purchased all the FF XIII trilogy, and this first chapter is classic strategy but fun. I missed killing the turtle sometimes. Linear story and that's what I like from it, you can still manage them compared to the third chapter which is very free and you'll get lost of what to do because it's just too much (I'm still learning to adapt). Anyway, worth purchasing."
76561197978635357,Recommended,292120,27611424,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toth,"Final Fantasy XIII is a good game, yes it’s linear but that doesn’t stop it from being a good game because linearity isn’t necessarily bad sometimes it works.The presentation with graphics and music is awesome and considering this game came out six years ago it still holds up. There aren’t many games that I can say have aged well in terms with visuals from 2010. The character models are extremely detailed with excellent voice acting, lip syncing and animation. The environments are beautiful with bright and vibrant colours and are just a joy to look at.The music is amazing, the battle music in this game has to be one of my favourite battle themes from any Final Fantasy game, where it starts off slow and subtle then speeds up as the battle intensifies. The music fits all situations and scenes and hits it out of the park."
76561197973718374,Recommended,292120,27929335,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xraven1076,"Not the best entry in the Final Fantasy series, this did bring some new and interesting ideas into the mix."
,Recommended,292120,30348892,Posted: 5 March,all,SwampDonkey,"So I will recommend this game but not for everyone. Did I have fun with this game? Yes.  Did it feel extremely grindy at times? Yes. Was I ready for it to be done by the end of it? Oh yeah.  Overall I did enjoy it, but this game is not without flaws.  If you like open worlds and exploration this is not your game. It is very linear for most of the game. Routing you down narrow corridors through endless and repetitive battles.  As far as the Paradigm battle system goes, I enjoyed it.  While it is a fairly simple concept, switching your characters between jobs,  there is a fair amount of strategy to it.  Pick the wrong strategy for the wrong enemy and you will get clobbered even when your relatively overpowered for the area.  Alot of people say they hated the characters. I do admit at first a couple of them were kind of annoying but even the annoying ones grew on me by the end. The rest of the characters I actually liked. I found the enviroments to be pretty boring, bland and undetailed while the character models were great.  The story is...meh. Pretty typical JRPG stufff.  So this is a decent game its not great. Worth a playthrough if you enjoy the genre."
76561198072442956,Recommended,292120,30279935,Posted: 2 March,all,vierranm,"This game got a lot of hate, and much of it is justified. It is indeed linear and the story is both confusing and not particularly well written. FFXIII certainly falls below the standards I hold the series to.That being said, FFXIII is still beautiful with amazing music and an interesting battle system. If you just play to have fun without comparing it to other entries in the series, you will have a good time (at least I did)."
,Recommended,292120,30375965,Posted: 7 March,all,goeywong,"54hours I have dug in...there are struggles, challenges, satisfaction, tears(could be joy/sadness, i got sadness more tho)...but I have zero regrets and 100% of gladness to buy and finish this game :)Personally, I find the battle system is really quite challenging and it definitely not just auto-attack and you can reached to the end of the game, it contains lots of paradigm changing/planning, of course and the patience of never give up and try again and again until you did it xDLove the soundtracks and graphic so much, ff13 soundtrack definitely will be one of my favourite, other than ff7 :)I don't think linear gameplay is a bad thing, at least not for me (well,there will be a location kinda 'open world' tho) and you get the chance of experience the story/background of every characters. I enjoy the story,just the ending kinda makes me feels like where do we start and where do we ended...*cry*54hours for a game, consider quite grinding for me and I have not completely max out all the roles YET, I bet I will try to obtain the other achievements as well *hohoo*Support the game if you are a fan of Lightning :P"
,Recommended,292120,31230730,Posted: 18 April,all,mortz,love it great game!!
76561198158725328,Recommended,292120,30371831,Posted: 7 March,all,✪ Chaos,it is ok 6/10
,Recommended,292120,29219067,Posted: 12 January,all,Colonel,A good game and i enjoy the features though i miss the usual world map in ff series
,Recommended,292120,29198367,Posted: 11 January,all,kendi,greet game... :)greet graphicgame play is goo8/10
76561198065065848,Recommended,292120,29181100,Posted: 11 January,all,JiiBi,everything is excellent but the only one bad thing is Frame rate
,Not Recommended,292120,14364210,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gosuren,"Though this is a console port the graphic is very much improvised, still I personally would say Square Enix is INFERIOR to Capcom in porting console games or developing games for PC. The gameplay is relaxing, not too difficult. After a while, it's going to get real boring, and it will become a grind fest game. If you have played MMORPG, grinding level and item upgrade for 60-100 hours is not really a big deal just to ease up those bosses fight in the final chapter.For asia version the game comes with japanese voice acting with subtitles and english interface. You can find some mods to enable the english voice acting. Incredible soundtracks.The main selling point for Final Fantasy franchise is always the CGI cutscene and the storyline.  All in all it's a good game.Gameplay 2/5Graphics 5/5Audio 5/5Storyline 5/5Price 2/5"
,Recommended,292120,29401786,Posted: 21 January,all,ʀɪᴛsᴜ,畫風，故事，劇情和聲優方面超讚不解釋但是有種看動漫多過玩得感覺....
,Recommended,292120,29465504,Posted: 24 January,all,diaskeaus,"An excellent RPG, lite on the RP and heavy on the G. Lengthy (a full run will last over 100 hours), character-driven, with a complex battle system which has you switching ""paradigms"" (or traditional Final Fantasy jobs) on the fly in battle to conquer unique and tough challenges. Unlike previous Final Fantasies, much if not most of the game has no world map. FFXIII plays out like a really long movie, with the cutscenes alone lasting for more than 8 hours. CGI is out of this world, with fantastic and almost unreal locations that you have to see to actually believe.The basic plot: a group of heroes are given powers by godlike beings who have created a futuristic civilization above a primal and dangerous world. However, the powers they were given also cursed them, forcing them to run for their lives while trying to understand the serious and dangerous power they have unwillingly been given."
,Recommended,292120,29452709,Posted: 23 January,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Final Fantasy XIII is one of the few Final Fantasy titles I've played that I'm truly torn about.First off, the story is incoherent. Now don't get me wrong, everything is explained and in detail. However exposition is janky and the pacing leaves something to be wanted. If there is one thing the FF series is known for, it's the rich stories. FF-XIII just falls flat in so many areas, you're eventually left to wonder just what is even happening at times. As for characters, many of them are truly forgettable. However I do feel this may be something of a cultural boundary, as the characters do represent the typical Japanese shonen style characters with flat personalities aimed at teens. But of course, many of the FF games do this, FF-XIII just seems to fail at even producing character arcs which other titles in the long running franchise have managed to produce.Now in terms of graphics, this game really is beautiful. It's pleasing to look at with excellent art design. The combat is also interesting, though it may feel lackluster at first, with some playing around in how the system works, it really does shine when it comes to fast paced battles and using a bit of variance throughout the game as your forced to work with different combinations of characters. But then, things get tricky with how FF-XIII moves about. It's very very linear and this has earned the game a lot of complaints. The game does open up briefly about 3/4 through with a very large area to explore which can easily inflate the already short story of about 27-30 hours by another ten hours. But this relies heavily on the player having a strong understanding of the battle system, as this large explorable area is unique to only this part of the game and contains many powerful creatures which can wipe the floor with anyone left even just a little under prepared.Now I will say, in spite of the story being lack luster, the final act really does help pull things together and nicely ties up loose ends so you're not left scratching your head in confusion when the credits roll. A nice feature is something of a new game plus of sorts, but you don't start from the beginning, but rather start near the end of the game with the option to go back to certain points in the game, specifically the large explorable area I mentioned, with the entire leveling system unlocked so you can really pump your characters up.Just don't go into FF-XIII expecting your typical Final Fantasy game. You won't find that here.Pros:-Beautiful game-Fast paced battle system-A fair amount of customization for the battle system-Appears to be a decently optimized portCons:-Very linear-Bad character development and arcs-Very confusing and bad story exposition-Controls for keyboard/mouse are bad-Controls are more attuned for use of a controllerIf you do love the Final Fantasy series, I'm sure you'll have plenty of fun with FF-XIII, but as I said you shouldn't expect your typical Final Fantasy here. As for it's linear nature, it is my understanding that Square-Enix felt the technical limits of consoles at the time of release couldn't support the usual large overworld featured in other Final Fantasy titles."
,Not Recommended,292120,29423337,Posted: 22 January,all,Flappy Daniel,"Im a sucker for Final Fantasy purely because of nostalgia, but this game plays itself. You can't spend skill points on anything other than a linear path so there's nothing really in the way of customizing your characters, and even less than the Job board. Just have characters level up, don't give us the illusion of choice with some weird cumbersome board.The fights also play themselves. There aren't very many skills so for the most part you just mash the auto assign button and let your guys do the work, especially because you only control the first character similarily to Tales games. The only real action you'll do in game/battle is setting up your paradigms(Basically like jobs) to cover your bases and switching them during the fights. But it is still very shallow as each character only has 3All of this PLUS the fact that yes, it's insanely linear exploration wise like everybody else is complaining about, really makes this only for final fantasy die-hards.....but even then it's just so basic I can't even reccommend for them. Just feels very flat. Even the older more linear FF games are difficult and interactive. This is not really at all. There's not even really nostalgia in the art design for me. This is just a massive miss."
,Recommended,292120,29418763,Posted: 22 January,all,Greyrat,"story : 9/10gameplay : 7/10graphic : 8/10i realy like the story of game. if you fans final fantasy, you must buy this game!!"
76561198066919076,Recommended,292120,29437311,Posted: 22 January,all,Mercury,"Story is convoluted AF and linear as can be, but somehow, I am playing through this for my second time (first on Xbox) and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't enjoying this game a little bit.Would I rank it in my top 5 Final Fantasy games? Probably not. Would I recommend to buy and play through if 1) you're waiting on FFXV on PC like me and 2) it's on sale? Yes.Gameplay is fun, graphics are decent for a game with a little age, and the Big Lebowski said it best: ""Yeah, well, that's just like your opinion man."""
76561198048478956,Recommended,292120,29401423,Posted: 21 January,all,UdonNoodles,"A fine addition to the Final Fantasy series. XIII offers a unique battle system, as well as new item leveling progression to the franchise. Includes all the classic monsters with a new look, chocobos, moogles, cactuar's and all. Very rinse and repeat, linear areas but what else would you expect from an FF game? The story leaves a lot to be desired and goes deep into JRPG territory, not a game for everyone. Certainly not the best FF game but certainly not the worst, if you've played the others you'll probably enjoy this."
76561197996481059,Recommended,292120,29397644,Posted: 21 January,all,RiceSaki,Just do it :)
76561198028866605,Recommended,292120,31007950,Posted: 7 April,all,Mesh359,awsome story advanced battle system i recomend for any ff fan
76561197997022811,Not Recommended,292120,29525664,Posted: 27 January,all,JigokunoOusama,This game just feels like one long dungeon crawl.  The addition of towns and some world exploration might have made this more enjoyable.
76561198070819370,Recommended,292120,31020195,Posted: 8 April,all,熱風ArtheLad,"I downloaded this game in 2015, left the game when half of the way. 2017 I play it again, and I still have the same final fantasy XIII gaming hype! wow didn't expect that.This is one of the FF which I like, from the character design, in-battle gameplay including the effects."
,Recommended,292120,12594095,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Zaman,"The earlier issues were patched, now the game runs smooth, no crashing, and supports higher resolutions, although some effects are pixelated."
76561198287884046,Recommended,292120,31052245,Posted: 9 April,all,PattyForReally,SOOOOO ADDICTIVE!!The gameplay is quite smart. And the chibi versions of the characters are just golden. :-D
76561197988892247,Recommended,292120,30070627,Posted: 20 February,all,DRiBay,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game.  Ultimately I recommend it, but you need to have a bit of a masochistic streak to be able to finish it.  The story, beautiful world, and end game strategy is worth the struggle but only if you're dedicated to finishing the game.ProsBeautiful worldGreat soundtrackGood but not great storySurprisingly well written/translatedSome interesting character momentsEnd game strategy and gameplay is pretty cool, very tenseConsIt really is too longIt doesn't even start to get good until chapter 4It completely bogs down at chapter 11Difficulty spikes are frustratingToo much grinding in chapter 11RecommendationIf linear gameplay and long grinding sessions don't scare you off FF13 is a beautiful game with a worth while story and deep gameplay.  I can really only recommend it if you know you will finish it.  If you do not stick around the 50~ hours needed to finish the game you will be left disappointed."
,Recommended,292120,32378498,Posted: 12 June,all,Rave Blitz,"So..... this game gets a ton of hate, don't know why. Personally for me, I'm very much enjoying this game. The characters are very likable and I'm enjoying the story so far. Granted I'm only 6 hours into the game so.... we'll see how this goes. As for the main character, I love Lightning, she's such a badass! Lightning has become my new favorite FF character aside from Noctis from FFXV. Unlike XV however, the gameplay is very linear but I didn't mind it so much and the combat harkens back to the traditional Turn-based system which was neat.Overall, imo a solid game."
,Recommended,292120,32919090,Posted: 28 June,all,BitchyDeery,this game is great. worth the money.
76561198083700777,Recommended,292120,32908457,Posted: 27 June,all,あなたは私が気に思い,is a  nice game tho.
,Recommended,292120,20342097,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Anthony,"Got this game like 3 years ago and it was bad. But anyways  Square Enix did fix issues they upscale to 60 fps but the game still unstable some where the game still drops 40-50 fps. But I enjoy to play this what's your opinion?My specsGtx 1070 , i7-6700k , 12 Gb of ram"
,Recommended,292120,12427640,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,panhacker,"Game locked at 720p (ps3 version was 1080p),FMVs look as if it is FF VIII(no disrespect to FF VIII),ZERO graphical customization, depending on what is happening on screen you get from 10->60 frames. Greatly dissapointed in this game that requires 59 GBs of HDD....As the game it is right now avoid it like the plague...Can't wait for the  $$ DLCS adding costumes and such pretty things*********************Update SE added graphical options to the game sorting out the graphical delays/lag and allowing you to change shadows,extra visuals, as it is now recommended"
76561198080468518,Recommended,292120,33658926,Posted: 19 July,all,Zardu Hasselfrau,"Got it on sale. Had time to re-play, but I already sold my PS3. It's a bad to decent port. I wanted to complete the trophies like before, but stopped because I realized one of them bugged and didn't unlock. I ain't doin this **** all over again. I suddenly regret even getting it on sale.But, if you have never played this before, I can guarantee it's a good experience. This got so underrated because it didn't live up to its Final Fantasy name. If this was called something else, I guarantee it would have gotten much praise instead."
,Recommended,292120,33600506,Posted: 16 July,all,Peewee Nipplepuss,"Performance is poor no matter how powerful your system is, but there are those who have been able to solve it. Check PCGamingWiki for a list of possible solutions.As for the game itself it gave me everything I wanted from a JRPG, which differs from a lot of JRPG fans. I didn't mind the linearity or the lack of side quests (other than X stones). They had a story to tell and they told it. Side questing quickly just turns into a massive clusterfudge of fetch quests and sheep herding - you know exactly what I mean, don't even pretend.7.5 crying, ♥♥♥♥♥ing, moaning prepubescent boys out of 10."
,Not Recommended,292120,30710818,Posted: 24 March,all,Daaren,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port
76561198281752153,Recommended,292120,32956961,Posted: 28 June,all,Strafe,"This game offers a lot, and this has to be my favorite game of all times #1 (also this is the only FF I've played). Don't listen to the bandwagoners cause they probably are either stuck on the Odin eidolon fight or just keep the dialogue off during cutscenes hence they get lost on the story and give up.Pros:> Environment and graphics still looks clean for a game this ""old"" -CGI and ingame graphics almost look the same> Variety of team combos and their names> The combat is interesting and gets challenging - also cancelling and insta attacking halfway through your ""ATB"" bar> Upgrading and equpping weps/access are pretty straightforward> Cool Eidolons or mechs that can be summoned to fight with you> Likeable characters that have good development> Amazing soundtracks> ofc Lightning...Cons:> Forced to skip some mobs at later areas> May take some time to get to objectives> Can't change outifits> Gets a little grindy at Gran Pulse> Startup menu looks kinda ugly ~ NOTE: didn't say the main menu> Love progressing the skill tree for characters BUT takes way too long :/Overall amazing game, 10/10 would play some more to achieve plat!"
,Recommended,292120,33762702,Posted: 24 July,all,Anime Tiddie Expert,10/10
,Recommended,292120,18554367,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ohm,"This is the only game in the trilogies that  I really recommend it.Why?Because at first, I'm with everyone else who plays this game for the first time and I'd said ""Hate it"", ""Not fun"", ""Too linear"", ""Too confuse""However, when I play FF13-2 and Lightning return I feel very sorry for hating this game because I was wrong for the whole time this game is perfect and excellence on it own.1. The story is hard to understand -> The localization team are to blame because the story of this game is not that bad it actually quite straightforward but English localization make it more complicated by using some word that doesn't quite fit the dialogue (If you watched anime or Japanese movie and you at least can understand a ""little bit"" of Japanese try to play this game on Japanese audio and you will notice the problem)2. It's too linear -> If you are going to play 13-2 and lightning return. Trust me, try to like it. Because when you play those game you will miss the linearity of this game so hard.3. The combat system is unfun to just hit auto battle -> If you are going to play lightning return. You will miss the combat system of this game (Because lightning return introducing a new combat system which is throw-away all of the knowledge that FF13 and FF13-2 try so hard to teach us and make it like nothing happened before this game which makes me feel very irritated)ConclusionIt might not perfect. But it still a very good game. Try to play it like you watching some movie and you will enjoy this game so much. Also, this game ends on it own it not need FF13-2 and lightning return at all.PS. if there any grammar or language issues I'm sorry for it English is not my native."
76561198116727471,Recommended,292120,34333917,Posted: 18 August,all,Feylos,"I don't really L'cie why people hate this game so much, if they played for more than just an hour.The start... is really slow. Rpgs that were slower starting such as Persona 5 even felt faster. At the start, you just don't get any exp or gold, and it just didn't feel right, but after the party becomes L'cie, it definitely picks up from there.The paradigm shift system was fun to use complimenting several playstyles as you try to stagger enemies.The characters all around are lovable, even characters I hated at first like snow had some redeeming moments.The story is hit or miss and a bit confusing due to the style of storytelling. but the characters redeem it imo.If you have patience to get into a game like this, go right ahead but that's what you'll need, patience.7/10, lots of fun"
,Recommended,292120,34350977,Posted: 19 August,all,UndeadLoveUK,"It is not exactly Final Fantasy 7 when it comes to 13, very different gameplay, different battle system. story is nowhere near as good, Beyond comparing to the all time classic, the game is still exciting, has a deep feel to the story, characters look amazing. Justr does not feel like a final fantasy. I would however reccomend it as a great game. but is a let down compared to other SQUARE-ENIX games."
,Recommended,292120,33460978,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,"With a story that would be considered nothing special, FFXII shines with its fast-paced combat and challenging difficulty. Although it introduces many changes to the series, it provides a good amount of things to explore providing hours of fun."
76561198013032393,Recommended,292120,33934283,Posted: 31 July,all,Paukku,"Has its flaws, perhaps a bit shoddy port but works pretty well with a some fps dips here and there (still better than PS3/X360). I recommend buying it at a reduced price.Time played is short but I've played and finished this game originally on PS3."
,Recommended,292120,25821304,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,W4YNEWHITE,"Final Fantasy XIII.FF13 is the only FF I have completed 4 times over. If you are into Grinding, a beautiful unfolding story and awesome inventory system, then this game is for you. Just dont expect to buy anything from a human run store, as everything in this game is automated.10/10."
,Recommended,292120,16692985,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Niiku,"I think Final Fantasy XIII is prety great game. especily, the story and time line that make me interested.ahh, don't forget The characters that unique and Great soundtrack.So, i recommend this game for who is FF Fans or want to addict about story line.Let's ENJOY :)"
,Recommended,292120,33171613,Posted: 3 July,all,XdreJ,"Good game, bad optimization, playable only on dualshock 4 or xone controller. If u don't have ps4(xbox is goddamn♥♥♥♥♥♥ and FFXV dat soo good, 8,5\10"
,Recommended,292120,34250395,Posted: 14 August,all,ROSR97,"Final Fantasy is one of those franchises that has been part of gaming history and just that name alone sets a very high bar as to what can be expected from a game. Sadly, FFXIII doesnt live up to those expectations from the Final Fantasy fanbase.As it can be expected from a Square Enix game, the graphics on this game are amazing for its time and the CGs look almost as good as any late 2010's game CG. The music is very well written and has some amazing tracks that can help set the tone of a couple of important sections on the game.The level design on this FF can be considered one of the worst on the whole series of games, the linearity on most levels is just annoying and it doesnt help a lot the fact that exploration is pretty much a plain with not much to do besides farming and a couple late game bosses.The story is another componen that I really enjoyed, not as deep as in other Final Fantasies, but still very entertaining and with it fair share of serious and/or mature themes behind all the action and dialog.This game gets a lot of things right, the only problem is that is called Final Fantasy, as it suffers from the expectations from pretty much the whole FF fanbase and by having a lot of things changed, like the combat system, the free open world map and party member control, this game does a lot of Final Fantasy-ish things wrong, but as a stand alone game without its name and everything that it represents, it becomes a really good RPG.Tl;dr: Bad FinalFantasy, great JRPG. 8.2/10"
,Recommended,292120,34626956,Posted: 30 August,all,ThatPCGamerDude,"Pros: The usually things expected from any final fantasy game. Amazing detail in the animation, beatiful story, beautiful characters, and above all else BEAUTIFUL MUSIC.Cons: Dispite the above...I have to agree this game was not fun to play through. It would have been better as a stand alone game, I dont think this should be a part of the final fantasy series. There is no sense of exploration, and the game pretty much plays itself for the most part. The battle system is probably the worst in a final fantasy game. Its like they tried to make final fantasy ""stupid proof"" for people who might be new to the series. There were points in this game where I was litterally having no fun at all. If you can handle one battle to the next over and over again for 30+ hours than this is a game for you.All in all, great story and music. Just wish the actually game wasnt so damn boring, repetative, and linear. Now that I have just finished the game for the first time, I am very happy that I will never have to play through it again lol."
76561198098916941,Recommended,292120,34795679,Posted: 7 September,all,XXXRichardspencer,"I got a lot of enjoyment playing it from start to finish. It's not as loved as older games in the series, and definitely deserves the ""hallway simulator"" complaints it gets. But, it's a pretty solid game still."
76561197998197307,Recommended,292120,20277392,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,the black man is pretty useless in this game
76561198131257555,Recommended,292120,34739068,Posted: 4 September,all,TheeSpookiePiglet,Amazing plot to the game.  Though if you've played older FF games it may feel a little weird to you.  Still a great game none the less.
,Recommended,292120,34839639,Posted: 9 September,all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"I'm aware this might not be extremely relevant compared to the original release of this game. But I had to post this as this game definitely is a LOT better than most people give it credit for. Yes, the story of good vs evil and such might not be extremely innovative, but then again wasn't Final Fantasy always about that and how it affected friendships anyway? On top of that it's actually told in an interesting way with plenty of very high quality cutscenes with characters that have a believable interaction. Speaking of visuals, this game oddly enough is the best looking game from this trilogy. Probably has to do with which game version got ported or something. As for the combat system, this is all based on staggering enemies, choosing the correct attack stances from more offensive and defensive modes. It's a system that actually has a few ways of adding more depth to an otherwise simple system, but honestly people who complain about the system might simply not understand how some enemies really do require you to switch attack stances, stagger the enemy and switch to a more defensive mode healing your party or you will be too late trying to heal your party through potions. The AI of your party is also decent enough to prevent unfair deaths. Ignoring the tutorials in this game is probably a very bad idea. The difficulty curve is decent, as long as the game is played more or less as the combat system requires. So yeah, I actually like the combat system quite a lot, but it's also a bit more traditional turn-based combat versus the more recent FF games. In short, don't expect much manual dodging incoming attacks or anything. The best thing of this game is the world design and art style. As much as the game plays very much like a linear RPG, the amazing world design with sci-fi fantasy style totally makes up for it. Well worth playing. For it's current already low price it's easy to recommend at 'full' price."
,Recommended,292120,34800573,Posted: 7 September,all,ephemeral,what can I say? I really like running down halls
,Recommended,292120,34852728,Posted: 9 September,all,Techman Gaming Network,"After a very shaky start on release for PC, the game was patched, (both offically and fan based), to fix almost all of it's original issues it had from the start.  Now we have a pretty decent PS3 game on PC without many issues at all.  As far as the game itself is concerned, the story is okay at best, the turn based combat is also okay, and the music is pretty good.  All in all it's a nice game to have for PC, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198041751083,Recommended,292120,35006054,Posted: 16 September,all,Zaros,"Final Fantasy XIII is very nearly everything you could want from a Final Fantasty game. If you played Final Fantasty VII: Crisis Core and loved it, it's a good bet you'd like this one as well.The game has many of the classic features of a FF game, from great characters, to numerous enemies to engaging gameplay. What it doesn't have however is an explorable world. This is a linear game and at some points you really do feel forced forward when I would very much would have liked to explore the area just a little bit more...The only other problems would be that some aspects are too linear, the skill tree is basically ""just press enter and see what you unlock"", and that the English subtitles are dreadful. ""gomen onesan"" or ""I'm sorry sis"" gets translated to ""I'll keep my promise Lightning"" which honestly makes no sense...Overall I highly recommend this game, but would warn strongly that it is linear and there is no open world."
,Not Recommended,292120,13856976,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Maze,"If you are a diehard fan of jrpg's and the final fantasy series you might be able to trudge your way through this game, but if you aren't you'll probably stop playing this after a few hours. The battle system in this game consists of pressing auto attack and occasionally hiting tab to change what your characters abilities are. That's basically it. The game is real time and it punishes you if you take to long to figure out what you want to do because while you are thinking the enemies can still attack. This basically nullifies all sense of strategy and always makes the best option auto attack. Also it takes about 2-3 hours of playing before you get more than two options of attack. Most of the characters in this game are annoying and static. Especially Hope, ♥♥♥♥ Hope. This is also the most linear game I have every seen. Besides a few open areas this game literally has you walking in a line forever."
76561198004615665,Recommended,292120,35163486,Posted: 23 September,all,stoat-rage,"I really enjoyed playing FFXIII but it wasn't without it's problems.First of all, the game ran excellently on my PC. Smoothly with no crashes, no bugs, nothing. It performed excellently.Pros:Visually stunning - It is beautifulExcellent musicTypical turn based Final Fantasy Combat (I removed the default auto battle setting)Reasonably good plot - A bit different from the usual crystal stuffCons:Plot was cheesy in places with the occasional cringeI got really fed up with the constant level grindingLacked depthIt felt about 10 hours too long for meConclusion:The overall experience for me was a positive one. It enjoyed the game. I'm a huge fan a Final Fantasy.It did lack certain depth throughout the game. There was not enough NPC dialogue and exploration. The scenery was stunning throughout the game but for me there was not enough interation with it.The gameplay was well balanced. The boss fights were exactly at the right level. Some of them took a few attempts. The game didn't feel too easy.I got bored towards the end because it just felt like I was going through the motions. It could have ended about 10 hours earlier.I agree with the other reviewers who commented on the linear style of the game. Alot of it is. That wasn't a huge issue for me. I was more bothered about the lack of interation with the scenery and the npcs.Overall:A really good game with excellent graphics and music, however not without it's problems."
76561198359387010,Recommended,292120,35152268,Posted: 23 September,all,acharya.shree.jelicic,"The game is actually very good, considering the storyline and graphics. It is much better than I expected, and there are many items and options in the game as traditional with all FF games, of course. The hardvare reqiuerments are actually minimal as the game is highly optimised so I can play it on my laptop without even having to use the graphics card, the integrated power savings mode can easily render its graphics, while they are still crisp and have an astonishing level of detail. The camera is somewhat below what it should be, so playing would be morer difficult were it not for the detailed map that enhances orientation.  Map is however poorly positioned as it gets in the way of enjoying those good graphics as it tends to draw all my attention towards upper right corner, and it could be a bit smaller so I can glance at it when needed, this way I have to turn it on/of quite frequently which can get quite annoying. The game controls are very good.Overall the game has some major bugs, most important of them is the keyboard bug which registeres up or down cursor as being constantly pressed when it is actually not. So when bug happens, I cannot use the menu or items bars during battle or during game exploring, or even save game so I can restart and continue, brcaose the cursor keeps constantly changing its position so fast that it is not possible to select save feature on save point.Still , bugs asside, it i a one wonderfull game worth playing, would be a lot better and nicer were those bugs fixed at all.Features for advanced graphics resolutions and screen resolutions are well placed and apreciated, and really save the game from doom, as they offer full hd mode, should be even upgraded to QHD and UHD modes ,that would really improve playing and everything on an external hi class big  monitor or screen, as the game is much better on bigger screns."
