user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,292180,13752240,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kim Jong Il,"Ok, so i have to weigh in on this debate between what sims are the best.Firstly, about me, I am a real life pilot, and hold FAA and EASA commercial pilot licences (USA and European), EASA PPL Flight Instructor, and i am a gamer.About the game: its not a game. its a flight simulation software. do not buy if you are looking for a""fun game to mess around on and earn steam acheivments etc etc"", nor will it teach you how to fly planes or anything of the sort. there is no arcade mode, there are no leaderboards, there are no charachter perks etc.About the flight simulation programme: I first had my taste of flying a plane on Microsoft Flight Simulator 95 (or 98, i forget) on a crappy little PC with a keyboard and mouse. as i grew up and my interest grew and flight sims developed, i hopped from flight sim to flight sim and i have played ALOT of different ones, and in my proffesional training, i have even used things like lockheed martin's Prepar3D flight simulator with full 737 and A320 cockpit mock ups. For home simming, i dont think anything beats XP10 though. I will be drawing comparisons in my review with 1 other game which this is often compared to - FSX (Microsoft Flight Simulator X/10) (im not even going to compare against ""Microsoft Flight"", that sim was pathetic....)The differencesFSX is a flight simulator, and a game in one package. it can both teach you how to fly a plane (atleast the basics) and give you fun missions to complete and rewards you with in game acheivments. It also is able to replicate, rather well, realistic flight dynamics and aircraft performance. however, i feel that FSX is a bit more buggy, alot less ""modable"" (free 3rd party aircraft were difficult to install in my opinion) and it feels a bit outdated.XP10 is, i have to admit, a little less user friendly. the menus and interface do not seem as polished etc, but boy is there alot you can do. Free 3rd party aircraft are relatively easy to install, a multitude of plugins exist that you can download, such as ground vehicle tows to push your aircraft back from the stands etc and there just seems to be alot more freedom in the game.Carrier landings for example. FSX, it was very long winded, very procedural, and a bit tedious if you ""just wanted to have a go at planting the damn plane on a deck"". and with only the F18 to chose from, it was a bit bland. with XP10, even though the scenario would be unrealistic, i can just load a boeing 747 and click ""land on a carrier"" and try landing a jumbo on a nimitz carrier.Weather is very customizable, and can download real time actual weather with a click of a button which is pretty cool.Loads more stock aircraft to chose fromloads of different scenarios (i believe you can fly on mars if you wanted, that is atleast true of my experience on XP7,8 and 9 so i assume its on 10 too)You can try and bring down a space shuttle from orbit, and many other things that FSX just cant do with the base programme.Yes there are issues, yes some of the stock 3D cockpits are a bit naff and not done properly, but i have never really found it such a big deal. and if you want the true realism, be it on FSX or XP10, you wont fly stock aircraft anyway, you would go and buy 3rd party aircraft by proffesional 3rd party Devs that make accurate models and cockpits etc.you WILL need a joystick and rudder pedals, or at the minimum, a joystick with twist function for rudders. you can play with just a mouse, but lets be honest, that sucks. FSX you can play with a keyboard, but even then, joystick set up rules.so overall, what would i buy? both. i have both. i use them for totally different things. i use FSX and 3rd party payware aircraft and payware photo scenery to practice VFR aircraft navigation, and i use XP10 to practice aircraft procedures and general handling and flying, or to test myself in all sorts of different aircraft in different scenarious, like finding myself in a middle of thunderstorm in the middle of nowhere with various system failures.again, i would stress, XP10 is NOT a game. it features ""weapons"", where FSX does not, but these are only for novelty value. they do not replicate the actual fire control systems or anything like that. This is a flight sim that enthusiasts or proffesionals can use.If you are looking to buy your first flight sim or you want to learn how fly a plane, go and buy FSXIf you are looking for a world war 2 realistic flight sim where you can fire guns and down planes, go and get IL2 Sturmovik 1946 or Wings of PreyIf you are looking for a arcade combat flight sim, Tom Clancy's HawxIf you are looking for a realistic combat flight sim with modern fighters, get Lock Onif you are looking for a simulator to practice advanced things on, or experiment, or design your own creations and fly them (basic engineering knowledge required or willing to take the time to research how plane maker works), then this is the sim for you.edited 19/08/16 for spelling mistakes - it took me all this time since writing to find out i could edit! :D"
,Recommended,292180,11278835,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hoshiceo,"Full disclosure: I'm an actual licensed commercial pilot in Canada. I have about 15 hours of sim time in my logbook, 12 of which were on a commercial and Transport Canada-approved version of X-Plane (the other 3 were on Prepar3D, a version of FSX), and 10 of which applied to my license.This is a simulator, not a game. You can mess around with the fun fighters and experimental planes, but this is first and foremost a simulator. And what a simulator!If you're like me, you find fun in a challenging radionav approach. You find fun in managing system failures. You find fun in printing out checklists and having them next to you while handling the simulator. You find fun in education and a job well done. And this is where you get it. You can tweak the simulation accuracy, you can go from messing around doing aerobatics in a fictional plane, or you can turn your garage into a full-sized flight simulator. You can do all this in X-Plane 10, and it has the added bonuses of being more accurate, prettier, and less system-taxing than FSX.FSX is almost a decade old by now, is a RAM hog, hates graphics cards, is 32-bit, and is still slow and unoptimized. On my machine, it runs terribly. But X-Plane 10 has a 64-bit and 32-bit executable, supports multi-threading, is considerate of your RAM, and looks fantastic.I spent hundreds of hours with FS2004, FSX, and X-Plane 9. Thanks to them, my instrument and radionavigation training was easy. Thanks to them, I passed the infamous INRAT on my first try. This is a fantastic simulator, simply the best on the market, and the only one worth your money. I can fully recommend this for full price, and I'm a pennypincher."
76561198042784353,Recommended,292180,12886388,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Deckard,"In many of the negative reviews of X-plane there seems to be a mismatch between the reviewers expectations and what X-plane is. If you're looking for aerial combat you'll be far better served by DCS World. Flight simulation whether you go FSX, P3D or X-plane is more hobby than a computer game. If you were going to get into model railways you may start with a small basic train set. If the bug bites, you soon want to add switches, scenery and new locomotives and stock. That's what x-plane is; a flight simulator starter set.You get a couple of basic aircraft, a sky and a barren planet (inhabited by only deer and birds). X-plane does itself a disservice with most of the included aircraft as they are far from representative of quality of aircraft that are available. X-plane's clouds are stonefish ugly.All the main simulators have pro's and con's. X-plane's smaller community is very committed and self reliant and there is a smorgasbord of freely available utilities and addon scenery. Some of which are pretty damn awesome considering they are free. You can get a very decent simulator experience with freeware alone. For sure, you will not minutely scratch the surface unless you're prepared to research and learn.Personally I'd recommend budgeting for an addon aircraft in addition to X-plane. I'd suggest a Carenado HD aircraft, not because there aren't other worthy aircraft, just that if you are starting into X-plane, Carenado are consistently high quality and you're less likely buy something disappointing. If you want to go a bit further, Skymaxx Pro will fix X-plane's underwhelming skies.Flight simulators may bore your socks off but they may also change your life. X-plane is a starting point for a hobby that may be with you for years."
76561198140689896,Recommended,292180,15469766,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,scherm.kent,"Here's my take on the civilian flightsim hobby as it currently stands: More than ever, it is a period of transition and I believe the future looks good. I have and use both FSX and X-Plane and therefore have a foot in both camps. It's a case of fully realized capabilities versus future potential. From another perspective I see one nearing the end of its 32-bit lifecycle and the other very much in its 64-bit adolescence.Background: I've been flight simming since SubLogic's C64 release, and have been firmly entrenched in the Microsoft FS camp on PC since FS5.1, although like everyone else in the day I had and used Flight Unlimited, FLY! and ProPilot. We loved the variety and happily used them all for what they had to offer. For me FS2004/FS9 was the watershed, and I was entrenched for a decade in the sim using all the familiar add-ons and a full suite of GoFlight hardware. Unfortunately my computer was firmly stuck in 2004 as well, so I avoided migrating to FSX. I was aware of and had messed around with XP during my biannual pilgrimage to Oshkosh, even chatting at length with Austin Meyer, but I was already too deeply invested in the MSFS camp. I'm certain that many can relate.I've been a licensed private pilot since 1991, with a multi-engine endorsement and lucky enough to have had exposure and stick time on some pretty cool equipment. Now as most real world guys will tell you, flying a computer is NOT the same - I don't care if the flight models are based on lookup tables or basic real-time elemental calculations, it's just not worth arguing over. Get over it.  Where there is tremendous value in simming however, is the 'process' of flight - planning, procedures, checklist habits, instrument scans, IFR approaches. For true immersion in the system look up PilotEdge and add that to your mix no matter what platform you fly.I was fortunate enough to finally build a cutting edge computer recently. As a treat, I picked up FSX-SE to see how she'd run on a modern box. Looked good and I was enthused enough to purchase Aerosoft's A320/321 (an absolutely excellent add-on BTW). Then the dreaded terrain.dll crashes started on flights lasting longer than about 60 minutes. While I understand these errors may have been largely addressed in the new FSX-SE beta patch, I am very grateful for them. They gave me pause and saved me the hundreds of $$ I was prepared to pour into the scenery and add-ons in order to bring it up to the available standards: Orbx, UTX, ASN, PMDG, et al. It's a slippery slope most know only too well, and when you finally stop and look back at all the resources you have dedicated, the thought of migrating to something totally new seems not only daunting, but is likely financially unwarranted as well.While waiting for a decade old piece of software to get patched by a third party so that I could run it on modern equipment and proceed to spend a great deal of money and tweaking time to get it to run correctly, the light bulb went on for me. Here I was at a crossroad and I was prepared to reinvest in the same old song and dance. Yes, it's the one tune everybody knows, but there was an opportunity to learn a new one. Even though I tried and failed to get the X-Plane demo working, I purchased the full version (10.35 currently) in order to give it an honest shakedown, flying it exclusively for a week. What that week gave me was an appreciation for just how immersive, smooth and realistic XP can be.I spent a good deal of time reading the related forums, familiarizing myself with the tips, tricks and FAQs. I found the stock 172 and Baron okay (certainly the equal of their stock FSX equivalents), but added the beautiful Carenado C340 for some GA flying. (Aside - the C340 is a nice looking package and I'm glad I have it but there are some unforgivable faults that required modifications to actually work - in particular the CDI when tuned to an ILS. Basic stuff. For shame.) Then the FlyJsim 737-200 for some good old fashioned radio navigation at jet speeds. Wonderful aircraft, beautifully modelled cockpit and convincingly realistic performance numbers. Definitely a pilot's plane. The coming IXEG 737-300 looks incredible. And I needn't mention that PMDG is developing for XP with a DC6 to be followed by one or more of their 7xx series...Sparse scenery? To me it looks far and away better than stock FSX. It's nicely scalable to the hardware you're running, and XP definitely makes proper use of modern hardware. The stock mesh is great, autogen works well, the road traffic is cool, and the night lighting is the stuff of pilot training heaven. But here's the kicker - there's so much freely available from the community. I've managed to populate my XP world with all the airport scenery I will be reasonably using with a few visits to the XP ORG. And if you have a look at what's possible using world2xplane... the future looks not only bright, but incredible. Need I mention no terrain.dll CTDs or OOM errors?Stock XP weather is in my opinion better than stock FSX. Dressed up with ASN and REX however, and FSX has a strong lead. But based on how close XP is getting with aircraft and scenery, the weather engine won't be far behind.Stock ATC is crap. But so is FSX's. Sorry, it's just not real. I alluded to it above, but try PilotEdge to see what real ATC is. Full stop.This has become a rather long piece, sorry about that. I suppose I felt I had a lot to say about where we've been, where we are, and where we're going. MSFS has been how it was, and largely how it is now (I include P3D here). Is it time for change? One platform is nearing a developmental dead end, albeit with some wonderful add-ons, and one is just beginning to realize its potential with continuous and meaningful support.I'll continue to use both platforms for now, I mean why not, I own both and enjoy each for what they offer. Let me be clear though - I will not be adding anything further to my FSX ecosystem, but will simply enjoy what I already have. FSX will be limited to getting my bus fix with that awesome Aerosoft A320, at least until the sim crashes with the latest .dll or OOM error. For the price of a decent FSX add-on, I would urge you to give XP a fair evaluation.In the end I see FSX as an old woman all gussied up in makeup and a new designer dress. She looks great and is pleasant to spend quality time with, but be careful if you go out dancing - she may fall and break a hip. Now have you seen the new girl in town? Dances funny, but she's smart, modern, and has some really cool moves. You may want to meet her.My future in the hobby is with XP. I know I am not alone. Developers take note."
76561197987810591,Not Recommended,292180,18062278,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Lily Rose,"I'm not a real world pilot, though I do have 20 years and 5,000 hours as a navigator, telling pilots where to go. But I'm trying to find a good flight simulator in order to get some hands on to eventually get my private ticket. Anyway, I've owned FSX for years, tinkered with it some time ago, but heard overall good things about the physics model and visuals of X-Plane 10 and decided to try it.As far as the physics, I can't really say, it seems like the little Cessna flies okay, it's certainly a challenge to fly straight and level compared to FSX. And the visuals are better than FSX, though not as much as I expected given the relative ages of the sims.However, when it comes to real world flying, I find X-Plane seriously lacking in anything beyond slipping surlies VFR. The ATC is terrible, it's so frustrating to hear the scattering of AI planes being told ""NO2XP, you are off course"", literally every couple of second for several minutes on end. And apparently that's a bug that's been in the game for at least 2 years, according to the forums. And trying to follow the ATC instructions on the ground is a serious exercise in futility. I think of the 4 times I tried to get clearance, then taxi to the runway, then get clearance to take off, then successfully transition to an enroute center, I had 1 complete success, 1 partial success, and 2 serious failures.There never seem to be more than 2 or 3 other aircraft anywhere in range of mine, and they always have the same call signs, the call signs are a minor annoyance, the lack of other traffic seems pretty lacking compared to FSX.So this is sort of a mixed review, really. If you want pretty visuals and just flying around on your own, X-Plane 10 will probably satisfy you. If you want to learn  instrument flying, and dealing with ATC, flight planning, clearances and all the other parts of flying you will have to deal with in the real world, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,292180,11232261,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,CircuitSix,"I have been waiting a while to purchase this sim, now that it is on Steam it left me no choice but to pull out my wallet. This has to be as realistic as it gets when it comes to flight simulation. There is a lot to learn and a great community backing this product. While you can set everything up to be off the ground in seconds it leaves the option to make everything as complex as you would like. From startup to landing you can control just about everything.I am working on my PPL, have been for quite some time. This now affords me the opportunity to learn, make mistakes, and so much more all without the associated costs. My next lessons will only be after many more hours of X-Plane, a great product!This works with muiltiple monitors, however the recommended setup is to use multiple computers over a network the acheive this. I use stereo vision across three monitors, my only hope is that they can figure out a better way to scale it when using this option, for now I distort my field of view and it works well."
,Not Recommended,292180,18965851,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,vladyrn,"DO NOT BUY THE STEAM VERSION. In order to run multiple displays with different views, you need to run multiple instances of the game. Steam does not allow this. You can extend your display to span multiple screens, but you will not get a realistic view."
,Recommended,292180,11251285,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,FattyMooMooMan,"Have been waiting a while to buy this on steam (heard a bit back that it was supposed to be coming and I had played on an earlier version many years ago), very glad I bought it, not only is it a realistic simulator with a ton of control configuration options (it might all seem a little daunting at first, but persevere) but I am getting great pleasure out of learning to fly with Xplane...At the time of writing this review I have just done my first proper fight on Xplane 10 from Blackpool (EGNH) to Manchester (EGCC) - not a long flight (chose the route as these are local locations) but after earlier sims which basically gave you heading waypoints and large visual clues after clicking on a destination this was much more challenging. Used the VOR system to navigate to Manchester, during the flight Xplane taught me how several of the instruments worked that I glossed over playing previous flight simulators on PC.With my plane drifting a little to the left I had to correct my heading a few times (by a small amount) but eventually arrived at my destination. No clue how to use the local air traffic controllers (yet) I just picked a runway and landed...Learnt quite a bit from that hour playing the game and I can see it teaching me a lot more, I used to love flight-sims and played a lot but this game made me feel a complete novice again (especially after so long not playing any sims). However lack of arcade-game style assists, popup help and hand-holding made me feel like I really accomplished something in the game when I finally touched down. Been a while since I both enjoyed a game and felt like I achieved something.Worth the asking price? For me yes :)edit: I have added some comments to this review, including a very short version of how I used VOR to navigate, system specs and controllers being used."
76561197989698031,Recommended,292180,11235424,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Snake_Pliskin,"Awesome. One of the few games I buy at full price without waiting for it to go on sale.This is a SIMULATOR. It is about as complex as what it simulates, flying an airplane. Expect there to be a learning curve. Expect it to be rather technical. Even for those of us who grew up on the MS flightsims (I started with MSFS 98), it can be a challenge.You WILL need a pretty hefty system to get the most out of this sim scenery-wise. The scenery itself can go from simplistic, just a few trees and buildings, to....realistic? heavily forested areas, congested traffic jams, city scapes, etc."
,Recommended,292180,16425478,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GameroftheBeer,"This game is meant to be a full simulation of flight, and in no way is a simulation ""game"".  After this past weekend and around 10 hours playtime, probably only 5 which were spent in the sky,  I feel like I could legitimately fly a Cessna 172.  I honestly don't believe I would fly highly efficiently, but yes I could get off the ground and land.You NEED a controller or joystick to make the game reasonable in difficulty.  There are no tutorials so learning will be a lot of trial and error(hence the 5 hours on the runway).  I used an Xbox Controller, but don't bind acceleration to a thumbstick, bind it to A and B.  If it is bound to a thumbstick it will naturally rest in 50% throttle, you can fine tune thrust in small increments with keys.I do plan on buying a HOTAS setup(ideal), but they are pricey for good ones.  The graphics are decent and can easily be modded with free content downloads(100's) on the xplane forum to suit individual tastes.  Modding is easy, took me less than an hour to put in 4.  I will most likely replace more textures/meshes later for further realism.    This game will kill your harddrive space, especially when putting in UHD or HD texture meshes(google alpilotx), its free.The tons of freeware, mods, plugins, textures you find for this game easily double the worth of it.  Please not though there are no objectives, money, progression in this simulation.  IT is purely a SIM.  Travel time will be accurate as you fly, I spent an hour or more flying over Lake Michigan from Ohare to South Haven, MI in what has to be realistic travel time(Cessna 172).Don't buy this if you want a game, if you want to learn - buy this."
76561198082063937,Not Recommended,292180,26707826,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shockme001,DO NOT BUY ON STEAM!X plane 11 is coming out for free for the people who boughtthe digital download from the website
76561198041086616,Not Recommended,292180,27830567,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,squawk1202,Don’t make the same mistake I did. I bought this on steam instead of directly from x-plane directly.Customers who bought x-plane 10 from Laminar directly will get a free upgrade to x-plane 11.Steam customer will not be upgraded.
76561197978273221,Not Recommended,292180,29641051,Posted: 1 February,all,Treklife,"Longtime FSX user and wanted to upgrade to a more recent flightsim. Thought I would try X-Plane out. Picked it up on a steam sale and was blown away with the land and water textures. Flying at night is so awesome in X-Plane.I noticed some things that really disappointed me.I was let down by the selection of aircraft packed in with the sim. Some are unfinished with no VC or cockpit. Also the default aircraft all have a tendency to roll to the left. I've tried calibrating my joystick, adjusting the settings in the sim. Nothing, I can't get the Cessna 172 to not roll to the left. And yes, I'm a private pilot. I know all about the left turning tendency, torque and MORE RIGHT PEDAL. I got all that from my CFI. But try and fly that sucker straight and level in X-Plane. Let go of the yoke and left turn...every time. That's an immersion breaker. Unless you turn on the auto pilot.Adjusting the controls is a nightmare. You have to set up control schemes for each aircraft. Why? Flaps, gear, lights and views should not change depending on what airplane I happen to be flying in.The ATC.... SO BAD. Disappointed by the primitive ATC in this game. Trying to fly IFR with the ATC is impossible in this sim. Just don't even use the ATC. Your ears will thank you.Lack of freeware aircraft. The selection of freeware is disappointing considering this is the tenth version of this game. And the payware seems to be very pricey with sales few and far between.Your local airfield will probably not have any buildings or hangars. Why? This is 2017. This is unacceptable in a flight sim that is active and still receiving updates in 2017. This breaks immersion and makes me feel like I have an incomplete product.Im sure there are people who say, ""Just download this AddOn to fix the ATC"", or ""You can download a program to re-create your airfield"". Why? Why should I have jump through all those hoops and spend time fixing a game that was sold to me as a complete product?I really want to like this sim. When I fire it up I find I'm fighting it more than enjoying it. Anybody else feel the same? Anybody have any suggestions?"
,Recommended,292180,13772598,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sp4wN7,Warning to the average Steam player . . . This is not a game . . . It is a simulation. I do not recommend for the jump in and go type. I like this game alot for its simulation value. X-Plane has a very advanced engine for aircraft simulation and for someone who likes realism . . . this is the air sim for you. If you like checklists prior to taking off . . . this is the game for you. If you like to jump in and go with no thought then don't waste your time with this sim. On the other hand if you want to learn how to fly a plane well enough to consider getting your PPL then download this gem and start learning!
,Recommended,292180,19683116,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,barbarbaron,"Pros:-> Good and accurate flight model for a desktop simulator.-> Visual capabilities are much more advanced than other desktop simulators.-> Informative for simulator hobbyists, hobbyist pilots and students.-> Navigation system (radio signals, gps simulators, autopilots) work good and feel close to the real thing.-> Keybinding system is very easy to configure and well thought.Cons:-> Sound system and stock aircraft audio effects are mediocre and sometimes annoying (repetitive sounds, cracks and pops). There are plugins that enhance the audio of x-plane but why should the user be forced to buy them?-> Stock aircraft contain unfinished and lackluster aircraft. The buyer expects all stock aircraft to be in excellent condition.-> User interface is somewhat unfriendly and there are no built-in tutorials for beginners.-> The advanced flight model which makes this simulator stand out among others, also needs a powerful system to be simulated perfectly. The flight model is tied to the framerates of rendering and when the simulation time is accelerated autopilot may function wrongly which makes accelerated intercontinental flights dangerous."
76561198032123912,Not Recommended,292180,20547202,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,rat7_mobile,"Do not buy this product from Steam, go directly toX-Plane.orgorX-Plane.comSteam is not providing any kind of support when the product or it DLCs are not installing or working properly, all they do is to send to Aerosoft and then Areosoft is sending you back to Steam and neither of them is supporting the product"
76561198077571886,Recommended,292180,22829757,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ZEEEN,"I´ve played 2000+ hours FS9,FSX and P3D but XP10 is by far the best in terms of physics, graphics and performance.Its not a game, its a sim and you have to spend hundreds of euros for the full experience. But if you are into planes its worth it. I dont know why there are so many negative Reviews tho, probably because its hard to learn and hard to master (for beginners). Happy Landings!"
,Recommended,292180,18899619,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Chill,"X-Plane 10 isn't perfect, but unless you have a million dollars to spare it is the best flight simulator you can get. Study, learn, fly, enjoy. It doesn't get much better."
,Recommended,292180,19353188,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pistashio,"After logging over 1000 + hours on a hot copy of XPlane I felt it was time to support the devs.Only real thing that I hate about this simulator is the cost of addons. There is lots of free addons that work great but if you really want to explore the planes at the level expect to pay from $10 to  $50 for planes and addons. If you look there is also planes hat are top notch in freeware areas, surf those xplane sites.Scenery, a majority of scenery files are free with a few pay for airports. In many cases you can avoid paying for any scenery files by finding a free version that might not be as good but works. In other case the free version can be  far better than pay versions. The Sim comes with lot of freeware from plugin to help you out better to scenery and planes which both make it more enjoyable. Payware exists but I really recommend learning the game before you buy payware  as it is expensive.Plugins, not worth paying for as there is always work arounds.The simulator can be edited in so many ways that mods, downloading, and configuring is as time consuming as learning how to land.  To give one an example of how modded the game can be, i currently have 150 Gigs of sceney files, plus five paid for aircraft alone with 20ish freeware aircraft installed totalling about 5 gigs. So if you lo ve the Sim you will need 200gigs free.X-plane is not a game! There is missions (addons) but pathetic. There is no winning. To be honest there is no real objective.  You fly, you land, you fly more, you crash... you fly more..."
,Recommended,292180,13106455,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Wrecker,"This is not a game!It is considered to be simulation software. And good at that as well. It has many add-ons available (MS Flight sim x probably has more though) and the flying experience is good.Pros:I have my pilots license and the handling of the planes comes close to the real thing. At least if you have good gear attached to your pc (I just have the logitech G940). I think it' s a little bit better than MS flight sim (but comparable).It runs quite smooth on my machine although my graphics is a little older (GTX550 TI OC). I can't run it at ultra/max settings obviously because of my card.It is new and still being cared after by the developers and modding community.Can give a nice view with the right choosen add-ons (scenery/mesh especially).Cons:I looked up my local airfield(where I fly) and fair enough it exists. But, that's about it too. Radio communication is way off from what normally is and I see big jets taxiing. I'm not sure if they even manage to take off (~800m runway max).That the radio communications aren't correct is something I can understand. But jets taxiing on a local airfield is just plain wrong. Devs, please fix that! It's annoying!Price, yep it is expensive.Force feedback support. Or lack thereof actually. I did manage to get it working (but with additional add-ons).Other thoughts:Setting it up isn't too bad. You can install it and fly pretty fast. You'll want to install 3rd party mods after your first flight though. And that will take some time and bandwidth if you're downloading scenery. Yep it's a big game, but I think it's worth the trouble to actually sit for a moment and set things up the way you want them.There are probably some other things wrong with the sim. I'll probably discover those when flying some more. And maybe those will get fixed anyway. It looks good and flying is great. IF you're into flying than this might be something for you. Otherwise you might want to think twice."
76561198192873082,Recommended,292180,31487592,Posted: 1 May,all,RICHARDRREN,"I rate this software as recommended because I personally enjoyed this simulator, as a person interested in aviation. This simulator may NOT be enjoyable for everyone. Here, I list the pros and cons of this software and further down below, a list of the traits and circumstances one may have in order to enjoy this simulation.PROs:+Somewhat realistic flight characteristics (for aircrafts with accurate flight models)+A global-scaled scenery covering the entire planet Earth+Accurate weather/atmospheric pressure simulations (with the ability to download up-to-date real-world weather data)+Simulation on areas outside of the earth (you can fly spacecrafts in and out of space)+Highly complex and realistic aircrafts that can be bought at online stores+A huge amount of downloadable contents on the internet (http://forums.x-plane.orgis a good place to start)+The package includes a plane-make that allows you to create your own aircraft (with some difficulty)+Realistic navigation (waypoint/ILS/NDB/VOR) simulation and positioning+Includes many flight operations (for example, flap, bleed air, electrics, engine operation)+Interesting situations provided (including landing on a aircraft carrier, flying a X-15 from a B-52, space shuttle re-entry, ect...)CONs:-Sceneries have low resolution-Some Terminals and some cities are not included on Sceneries (Fan-made scenery enhancement may somewhat relief this problem)-Default aircrafts are mediocre-Accurately simulated aircrafts are often costly (a well-made aircraft normally cost $30 to $85 without discount, which are more expensive than X-Plane itself)-Joystick and rudder hardware are required for an accurate simulation (a nice set costs around $300 to $500)-No crash simulation-Complex aircrafts consumes quite a bit of FPS (my 5 year old MacBook AIr is having trouble with some complex airliners)-Consumes a large amount of disk space-Lacking tutorials to fully explain flight operations and menu options-Menu is difficult to use, with unclear labels and bad categorizingIf you fit most of these circumstances below, I believe you may enjoy this simulation:1.*You have a interest in aviation and piloting2.*You're willing to spend time and effort to explore this simulator3. You had success on other flight simulators/flight simulation games/real world piloting (don't tell me that flying in GTA V counts as flight simulation)4. You have, and is willing to spend a formidable (for a software) amount of money on this flight simulator5. You can accept low resolution world textures and not-so-good visual effects6. Your computer is more powerful than a 5 years old MacBook AirX-Plane 11 is probably better, consider buying X-Plane 11 instead."
,Recommended,292180,11313881,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lymanity,"I'm writing this review for people who might not know what X-Plane is and may want the opinion of someone who is new to the program.X-Plane, is of course, a flight sim. It's highly detailed. People say it's the most realistic flight sim ever. Having never flown a plane in real life I cannot attest to that comment, but this program is known to be used by real life pilots for training.All the DLC in this game is included in that $60 price. You get the whole world... sort of. Not the world as we know it with the unique buildings we all know, but the land masses are very accurate and the airport locations are also very accurate.The realism, from my perspective playing many different plane sims, is a great place for any pilot to start. There are few variables to change, but they include what kind of damage you can cause the plane through overspeed or over-g. I've seen more brutal flight models in games like Il-2 Sturmovik or Rise of Flight, but I also must bare in mind that those were a different era of planes with their own set of considerations. The damage modeling in X-Plane is not extensive. This isn't a crashing simulator; it's a flight sim. Don't expect to shear your wings off with over speed or any of the extensive modeling you'd find in Rise of Flight. You'll just be greeted with a message accompanied by poorer flight capability.I do have to make a few comments about the gear I use to play the game.I have TrackIR, which makes looking around supposedly A LOT easier. A lot of people have to use the hat triggers on their flight sticks and I hear it's not very enjoyable.I have a Logitech 3D Extreme Pro or whatever it's called. It's got X, Y and Z axes and a slider bar. I can use that flight stick for full plane functionability, though the flight afficianado might want rudder pedals to go with that mix.My rig is not super powerful: Radeon HD 7770, 16 GB ram and 2.8 GHz x4. The game runs at about 30 to 40 FPS with dips into 28+ sometimes. It's not optimal for this program. I would suggest something better than what I have.It's mainly fun for me because I can make my own objectives within the simulation, though it doesn't have the premade missions that FSX had. You can also play it like a rogue-like if you want to. For example, try to make your way going North up to the very northern tip of Alaska using airports as ""save"" points as a sort of no save scumming/ironman challenge. The plus side to this is that the routes you can take are so varied that you will probably not see the same scenery twice.I say that I recommend it because you can do what I do and cruise your local airports and have a lot of fun trying to get more proficient at flying. You can pretend that the time spent in this program is actually training you to operate planes. Whether or not that is helpful to you is a matter of opinion and situation."
76561198136553203,Recommended,292180,22933248,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Icky Metal,"I really do not understand the negative reviews for X-Plane 10. I can only assume they are from people who have wildly inflated expectations, fail to grasp flight-simulation as a study hobby/application, or they are die-hard FSX users and just can’t let go (“because X-Plane has flat trees”)!X-Plane’s minor issues are constantly being updated and worked on by a dedicated dev group that updates the sim every few weeks/months. The flight model is simply astounding. You feel the terrifying crosswind on final, you have to kick the rudder and stick in on takeoff. Jets will roll on their own without unrealistically having to provide power. Uneven runways that follow the grounds contours? X-Plane does this. And all of it out of the box. You want add-ons and payware content, then X-Plane is rapidly catching up with FSX/P3D. There are already add-on planes that surpass those for FSX. And the scenery? The freeware design community, especially scenery design, is actually better than FSX payware in many cases.X-Plane is a modern simulator and therefore performance is also modern. Where you might be lucky to get FPS in the high-teens at best in FSX in a complicated add-on at a detailed airport with traffic with a killer PC, you’ll get double-that, locked at a solid 30FPS and possibly more, in X-Plane. There are no freeze-frame stutters on final. No Out of Memory, No .cfg tweaking required. It just works.If you want a desktop flightsim experience with accurate modeling of the forces you have to wrestle against when flying, then X-Plane delivers with amazing results. Vanilla it is great, but embracing addons will turn it into as complex a sim as you want it to be. FSX cannot and does not compare, simply because it was released in 2006. And at that, the basic flight model stems from 2002. In fact X-Plane delivers in so many areas that I completely removed my 20 year affair with Microsoft Flight Simulator from my PC.It has a way to go in areas such as traffic and seasons, but there are workarounds available. Bottom line though is this, if you want to learn and experience flight, and then expand upon that in the same simulator, X-Plane is the only modern player. Note: DCS-World also delivers on a supremely high standard but it’s combat only in limited theaters.Enjoy!"
76561198063666118,Recommended,292180,11252323,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,JudgeAl,I've been waiting a long time for a realistic flight simulator to be released on Steam and can say I'm very happy with the experience so far. You will need to turn up the graphics to enable HDR and FSAA rendering to get rid of the jaggies. It also takes a bit of time to set up the controls but this is because they are very universal to accommodate any controller you might have plugged in. I'd like to see a few trainer missions added with a built in instructor but there are third party addons for this. The range of planes and free DLC content for all global locations are great selling points and I highly recommend this to anyone wanting to fly something more realistic than an arcade game.
76561198001936276,Not Recommended,292180,12494636,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Katch,"Unlike FSX, this game is not a huge memory hog. It plays pretty good, even on high settings. My rig is decent, but not top of a line. In this department it is a great addition to flight sims. It is very fun to fly, has decent amount of airplanes right out of the box & a great community behind it to add lots of free planes/scenery & such.The negative of this game is the airports... All of them are bare, only runways & taxiways. And for you to add an airport will costs you about 20$-30$, unless you can find a free airport created by other users. I honestly do not care if my airports have the correct building locations & even the correct buildings. I just wish all the airports I fly from looked like an airport & not like some weird abandoned parking lots... Unfortunately due to this reason, I do not recommend this game. It really kills the fun for me & I am not paying 20$ per airport, especially since I paid $80 for the game itself.Another thing is, right out of the box it does not come with training missions & just missions in general. And community does not have too many of them."
76561198022263223,Not Recommended,292180,15211254,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,jeandeaux,"I'm rather shocked to find I'm giving this simulator a negative review.  I opted to purchase X-Plane as I found FSX lacking in some categories and wanted to up the Flight Sim experience.  The graphics are fantastic and the platform runs stable, which is what drew me into trying out this sim, but sadly that's where it ends when it comes to out-performing FSX.Tutorials?  Nope, no tutorials at all.  You can buy some, watch some on you tube, but nothing that introduces someone new to flying otherwise.This simulator expects that you already know how to fly, and know how to use the instrumentation.  They're not advertising this, so they're basically selling to the masses in order to lower the price and fund the project for those who already have the skills to fly in the first place and just need a bit of practice flying someplace away from their normal zone of avialability.Customizable, well, yes, in-so-far as assigning function to keys.  Multi-monitor support?  In your dreams!  Mine had an option to utilize some instrumentation on a second screen, but kept moving from where I positioned it to where atop my active screen.  There is also several mods and add-on's to improve the graphical experience (the one feature this application excels at), but my post research into these features left me finding that the developers don't appear to bend to any of the consumers desire for improved support.  I found setup to be very difficult to figure out, plan to write down all your commands as there doesn't appear to be any kind of commend export/print feature other than a look-up while in-simulation.The simulator AI is about as dumb as they come, at least on the ground.  There was constant chatter between the Tower AI and a taxiing flight AI to ""cross runway 32, then hold short of runway 32"", this same conversation repeated several times with this exact phrase.  The plane I was following attempted to turn down every single taxi intersection, then turned back onto it's original course.  On the far end of the runway it fell off into the water and began flipping around like a fish, bouncing into the air, flipping, and turning in a single spot, before finally flipping and landing upright back onto the taxi-way, where it turned straight towards me and ran me right over without even causing a crash.Traffic and trees also have no effect on collision, feel free to land and take-off on any old street.In summation, I'm ""increadibly"" dissappointed in this simulator!   While the graphics and feel of flight perform extremely well, I find every other aspect of the simulator to be severely lacking in both realism and intuitive use/functionality.  I do hope they take the majority of negative feedback I've been reading and put some consideration to it for their next release/update.  FSX is so unstable and out of date, but leaves a very positive experience to it's user base that the fine folks at Laminar Research could truly benefit to use as a guide for putting together the next great flight simulator of all time!  I would like to think they're interested in training new pilots in addition to providing additional experience to seasoned pilots, at least that's my take on a good simulator."
76561198051169206,Recommended,292180,16871165,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Red,"As a student studying commercial aviation and looking to aviation as a long-term career, I have found this simulator to be extremely valuable both to my own flight training and as a hobby. After having accumulated 3-400 hours (previous version, non-Steam), I feel confident in making this recomendation.X-Plane is a very powerful tool, with tens-of-thousands of ways to modify it to your needs. That said, a common complaint I've heard over the years is ""how do I learn to fly here?"" X-Plane kind of expects you to know what you're doing, it's not a game, it's a simulator; the average student pilot will be familiar with most aspects of flight and how to get a C-172 off the ground in the first place (full power, pull back until rotation in this case, lol).Yes it has issues -- graphics aren't the greatest, ATC is poorly implimented, AI flies in circles sometimes, you can't maintain low-Earth orbit in spacecraft, and ground physics could use work. Here's the deal though, on top of the 1,000's of 3rd party mods (mostly freeware), Laminar releases major updates every so often to eliminate these problems.I've been involved with the fan-based community for years, been involved in some major projects too. We have a very loyal community that is amazingly helpful and has the know-how to help you get what you want out of X-Plane -- whether that be serious flight training, flying in the worldwide multiplayer economic... thing, or just trying to make a PA-12 do Mach 28 in atmoshperic re-entry over China.Blue Skies,-Red"
76561198065671399,Recommended,292180,23157019,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jerry Drake,"I've played several years at FS2, FS3, FS95, FS2000, FS2004 and FSX. Really enjoyed the feel of flying they gave. I was anyway quite unpleased by the fact that even with a extremely powerful computer a SW more than 8 years old was not performing at a fluid framerate.Tested X-plane more for fun than convinced to find a real alternative and I was impressed!Better graphic, better accuracy in flight models. Far more better performances!!!! Nore than 30fps for a scenario that in FSX would have given at maximum 10fps!Finally a Simulator than takes benefit of the HW he has below!Great. I do not see any good reason to return to FSX.FSX uninstalled. Trying to find some good add-ons for X-plane and will enjoy for sure the new platform,Cheers,JD"
76561197999240939,Recommended,292180,11265028,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Gordon,Simulation is great! Make sure to download the DLC before playing. If you want to use a great 747 search for this: SSG 747-8 Series 2.0
,Recommended,292180,16325113,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,123456,"After three years of pirated addons and crashes, blurries, i decided to go legit and purchase the game. Out of the box, you will be disappointed with the graphic of the aircraft. It looks like FS 2004 all over again. But then you decided to tick the controls, zoom in, out, and feel little bit better that it has built-in Ezd*k camera addon. Then you put the flaps down, taxi lights off, and  put the throttle forward. But you will be confused and disappointed at the same time as to why your aircraft rolled and skid off the runway and eventually crashed. So you load the plane again. This time, after +-40 knots you decided to not give a ♥♥♥♥ and fly the damn plastic thing. After a while, you started to feel the controls. You feel like you have control now. Then you look out the window, there it was, looking alive, roads, bridges, lights, airplanes, the sun, the water, shadows, everything looked alive. You never felt this way since the first time you got into this hobby. Ever. So you go to steam and wirte a review :+ More realistic Flight dynamics+ Awesome Freewares+ More realistic environment+ The rains actually wetting your windshield this time.+ Scenery is MUCH better than FSX/Prepar3D out of the box. Actually, i can argue that it's better than FSX/Prepar3D addons.- Unrealistic failure system- Unrealistic feel on touchdown (landings)- Aircraft graphic"
,Recommended,292180,12379524,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"After spending hours enjoying this flight sim I must give it a good review and recommend it. I well start off by saying to FULLY enjoy this game you MUST install the world expansions, otherwise your world well be full of water with no map and I see a lot of reviews that are bad because they couldnt figure out they had to install that. Second all planes comes in a stunning 3D model which is viewed in the chaise View, and a 2d cockpit view (which are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥done). Only a handfull come in fully detailed inside 3d cockpit which you can look around inside while flying with fully functional buttons/switchs/levers and gages. These Airplanes include all fighter jets, small planes, Boeing 747, Space Shuttle, and some experimental rocketplane. All airplanes are replicas down to starting their engines and the physics of the aircraft in flight, I have been playing flight sims since the 90's and this is by far the best one todate. I can start off in Calgary AB in real time weather and Time and fly to Amsterdam or KLAX or even Moscow this♥♥♥♥♥♥is legit. There are even options to set up failures with the Aircraft/Engines/Electrical and even bird strikes. There are also a♥♥♥♥♥♥tones of plug ins too for new aircraft locations and details which are free or paywearx-plane.orgis the best one out there. So if your looking for a Flight Sim this is your game"
76561198039438256,Recommended,292180,14353190,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,peope,"I love it and am addicted to it.Recommendation:Under setting->renderingPut number of roads to something higher.(You get more roads where they exist in the real world)Put number of objects to something higher.(You will get *generic* boxes (buildings) at those roads)Put detail distance to medium.Unclick compress textures.Put texture to high.In the beginning I found the planes cockpits to be fuzzy.Some really are fuzzy or they are meant to be used with 2d cockpits.But mostly it was because by default the texture-settings where set low and where compressedI also lacked filled road networks and buildings.I didn't see the roads I was accustomed to.The data is there for the roads. You just need to crank them up or only major highways will be shown.The cities look like gray patches by default Both the roads and object setting changes this.Quite a few of the stock planes are ugly.I would recommend the two-engine general-aviation plane Baron)Things I like to do with X-plane.Find interesting mountain-chains to fly around.The topology is from the real world and it generates a *plausable* looking world on the fly.Fly around my closest airport and see if I can find where my house would be on the road network ad by the rivers.Make flightplans, read about north-atlantic routes, learn about standard departures and standard arrivals (SIDs and STARs).Look up real world airports and their charts.I like to plan plausable and *real* flight-plans that my preferred airline uses (SAS).The world is pretty barren and the airplanes are as have been said, besides some smaller planes sub-par.I've bought two planes and two helicopters. A Boeing 777. An Airbus A350 XWB. A Bell 407 helicopter. And a RR beta 2 helicoter that seems to be used in real training for helicopter pilots.I would recommend looking to fill the mostly empty airports with building by downloading them fromgateway.x-plane.com.There is a lot of scenery and free add-ons.Just search for scenery and x-plane.Applications that I use for plight-planning:* EFASS - it has real world weather-engine and a generator for weather that is plausable.It has SIDs and STARs. And online connection.As you fly your plane you can watch a sattelite-map where you would be in the real world.(Not just the blocks and generic textures and objects that are in X-plane).A great resource for free addons and forums and to buy planes isx-plane.org.Remember. It is not a game that has a goal.It gives you the tools to fly close to realistically all over the world.It gives access to GPS, VORs, DMEs, NDBs to naviate with.Even without EFASS you can use real weather and real time of day.Or choose a weather and time of day.There is a free demo to try out atx-plane.com.Pros:* Realistically calculated flight-dynamics* The whole world is covered with topological data* Low intensity* Educational* There basic software is used together with a lot of other components for real flight training for the real world* Terrain that is not cartoonie* Can look beautiful* Not just a game but a hobbyCons:* Not one really detailed plane up to modern standards. I'd love to see at least one really deeply simulated GA aircraft and one deeply simulated and visually good looking airliner.* The terrain is generated and not as in the real world unless you buy or get additional scenery* It is quite taxing on the resources at high quality simulation and visuals (Mostly CPU but also GPU)*  Uses all cores* Addicting (Just one more plane...) ;)* Not an action-game at all. Unless doing perfect landings is your view of intensity* The fighting features in it is old and arcade-like. It is mainly a civilian aircraft simulation.Conclusion:All in all it has as many hours of entertainment as you want.It focuses on realism.You will probably want at least one payware plane of good quality.Remember to up the rendering settings.Look for your airports and download them.Great community.Educational.Taxing on your hardware.A real simulator.Not really a game but a hobby."
,Recommended,292180,16294778,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ronnietucker,"Hours and hours of fun, and well worth the money.Don't believe the posts saying you have to buy airports. Utter nonsense! You can download a TON of free airports and plugins for X-Plane.Out of the box it may not look the most impressive, but with a couple of (free!) plugins it can look incredibly realistic."
76561198140136572,Recommended,292180,17865186,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SANA4Life,awsome game very realistic and smooth could do with a tutorial though
76561198000652119,Recommended,292180,25422665,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,LanmanCZ,"X-Plane 10 is a fantastic sim. But you have to keep that in mind. It is a sim, not a game. Don't expect to be able to fly airliners on day one. It does not work like that. First you will spend some time reading forums and setting things up properly, then you will spend some more time (and money) getting addons you want, then you will spend a lot more time reading manuals and watching tutorials and after you go through all that then you're hooked! :-)If you put in the time and do your homework then it's a very rewarding experience to be able to take a fully simulated 767 (addon) from gate to gate using proper procedures, charts (addon) and ATC (addon) instructions."
76561198038595534,Recommended,292180,16877684,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,C-17 Globemaster III,"First of all x-plane 10 is not a game. Secondly the modability of this sim is outrageous. Just search on google x plane 10 addons and it will lead you to hundreds of thousands of free mods, scenery, and aircraft. The graphics in the sim are very good but require an extremely strong system to crank out high res and high detail with good fps. I own all of the x plane series and I will tell you that owning this sim digitally is the bees knees. Also everyone should look into hd mesh v3; this is one of the best free real vfr scenery mods to date."
,Recommended,292180,25787150,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Airbus,"X-plane-10 IS- The best physical model of the flight- The best graphic among the simulators of flights- A big variety of different addons- AMAZING SOUNDS- Good community- A lot of hours spent on this awesome game- My favourite game!It's very cool to play X-plane 10 alone,really, but if you have a friend/friends the game becomes more interseting for 2 pilots. I advise you to find somebody to play with him or her(if you are the luckiest dude in the world)I hope that you will like and rate this game the same as me! I wish you perfect takeoffs landings,pilots. See you in the air."
76561198222006112,Recommended,292180,16666647,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,macaddict58,Excellent Aviation Simulator.  Plenty of good advice available from a large community of developers and serious aviation enthusiasts.  Runs on three different platforms.
76561198115579359,Recommended,292180,22451556,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,x3zero7six3x,"Firstly like others have stated ..this is not a game.., I would say its a cross beetween a simulator and real life, when used with a track ir the results are wow wow and then some, took my first flight in a cessna and i got butterflies in my stomach on take off, its that real, highly reccomended"
76561198219813969,Recommended,292180,30000517,Posted: 17 February,all,Luper,"In many of the negative reviews of X-plane there seems to be a mismatch between the reviewers expectations and what X-plane is. If you're looking for aerial combat you'll be far better served by DCS World. Flight simulation whether you go FSX, P3D or X-plane is more hobby than a computer game. If you were going to get into model railways you may start with a small basic train set. If the bug bites, you soon want to add switches, scenery and new locomotives and stock. That's what x-plane is; a flight simulator starter set.You get a couple of basic aircraft, a sky and a barren planet (inhabited by only deer and birds). X-plane does itself a disservice with most of the included aircraft as they are far from representative of quality of aircraft that are available. X-plane's clouds are stonefish ugly.All the main simulators have pro's and con's. X-plane's smaller community is very committed and self reliant and there is a smorgasbord of freely available utilities and addon scenery. Some of which are pretty damn awesome considering they are free. You can get a very decent simulator experience with freeware alone. For sure, you will not minutely scratch the surface unless you're prepared to research and learn.Personally I'd recommend budgeting for an addon aircraft in addition to X-plane. I'd suggest a Carenado HD aircraft, not because there aren't other worthy aircraft, just that if you are starting into X-plane, Carenado are consistently high quality and you're less likely buy something disappointing. If you want to go a bit further, Skymaxx Pro will fix X-plane's underwhelming skies.Flight simulators may bore your socks off but they may also change your life. X-plane is a starting point for a hobby that may be with you for years."
,Recommended,292180,11300024,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jordguitar,"This is not your normal flight simulator.This is nothing like FSX.And that is a good thing.This gives you a challenge without many bells and whistles while being extremely accurate and difficult to learn but after you get the hang of it, it is very rewarding.It also has the tools bundled in so you can create anything and see if it will fly.Want to make a cat airplane and try to fly it cross country? Go nuts. It might not even get off the ground, but this is not going to stop you from trying without it looking weird.Want to have a tiny Cessna tug a massive 747 into the air via a small tow rope? Yep, totally possible (this is a easter egg though!) but be ready for a challenge to get out of that dive after you cut that tow rope.Want to dive from 35 thousand feet then pull out of it last second? You better hope your wings are strong enough because they WILL snap off (if you do not break apart on the way down).Yes it looks bare but there are plenty of free addons out there that you can install. Some are pretty, others fix things in the core game, while others are crazy user creations.The simulator is very much a platform for you to improve and make what you want and it will give you a highly accurate flight model with minimal effort on your part.Yes it might be silly to spend 60 dollars on a simulator. But if you are into flight simulators, it could be the best 60 dollars you could spend.This is not for everyone. This is for people who want a challenge."
,Recommended,292180,23843633,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Oggy,"A simulator which is continuously being improved with new free patches. While the interface may give you headache at first, especially if used to other flight simulators, it is fairly easy when you have got used to it. The simulator has greatfreescenery addons which arguably makes it the best looking flight simulator of the lot. X-Plane 10 now days also have a couple of really high quality payware aircrafts, PMDG’s DC-6 and IXEG’s 737-300, highly recommended for the serious tube-flyer. Combined with high performance and the unique flight dynamics makes for a very fluid experience not seen in FSX and Prepar3D. This obviously also makes X-Plane a great platform if you’re interested in general aviation flying.The upcoming 10.50 patch, which is currently in beta for non-steam users, will vastly improve the AI and ATC. The AI and ATC have previously been criticised for being dull, something which is hard to disagree with. The patch will also bring even more community made airports – no more barren airports in most places, global wind data (previously only in USA), better autogen and even better performance."
76561197980974962,Recommended,292180,23726268,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Beru,"I come from FSX:SE and I was happy there. Yes, it was frustrating some times with freezings, and out of memory issues but I thought, ""well, there isn't anything else out there. PMDG planes are in FSX and Prepar3D"". Then the IXEG was released. I wanted to try so I bought X-Plane. My first steps in the game/sim were to complaint about the weird camera controls, the terrible UI, the bad scenery and airports... So I started investigating a bit in the forums about how to improve it. After all, I did the same with FSX which doesn't look very good until you add some extra stuff.So I read, and I start learning about the free awesome plugins like eBag, Terra Haze, Airport Navigator, Enhanced Runways HD... Then I found out how easy was to install those plugins (add ons) compared to how frustrating can be in FSX. I found out there are photorealist environments FREE out there. Really good ones! (yes, it's a lot of GB, but it's all free!) and from different sources, ""alpilotx"",  SpainUHD, World2XPlane...really easy to set up. And a lot of free airports also free with awesome quality! (how many times I said free?)The controls are not difficult to setup at all once you understand how the setup menu works, and the views control works flawlessly once you get use to it! (actually I wish now FSX was controlled the same way)  And the IXEG 737 is the master piece of the airplanes in X-Plane (well, now we have even PMDG DC-6) I have almost everything to high rendering quality and getting around 50-60fps. I couldn't be happier.My advice: give a try, and you won't regret. FSX is going to die anyway once Dovetail releases its new flight sim. (it's sad but is the truth) Until we can compare, X-Plane is the best option out there. Looks fantastic (try to fly over cities during the night) and flies in a very realistic way."
,Recommended,292180,13691794,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dude,"I bought MS Flight Sim X and was somewhat disappointed in the graphics (understatement), so then when I saw this on sale for 50% off I jumped on it. The graphics are definitely much better as well as the realistic feel of the simulation. Trying it out, I started at a random airport in Texas and flew up to Green Bay, WI. Once I was in Wisconsin I recognized where I was without even having to look at the map! Granted I haven't spent too many hours with this yet, but I'm already definitely satisfied with this game."
76561198202756952,Recommended,292180,14515245,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,stevergn,"I'm running the STEAM version of X-Plane 10. My Rig is an AMD FX 600 6 Core processor 3.50 Ghz boosted to 3.80 (Corsair Liquid cooled); EVGA GT 740 4Gb Graphics card; 12Gb (3x4Bg Corsair Vengeance) RAM.Until I was given some STEAM games vouchers for Xmas I was 'flying' Microsoft FSX Gold Edition, with add-on buy=ware helicopters, as well as add-on scenery, and was pretty well happy with it. However, since buying the STEAM X-Plane 10 I very rarely fly FSX at all now. Maybe it's the novelty of having a change from FSX or it could be that I generally prefer the features and realism that X-Plane 10 gives. I'm not fully sure yet as it's still early days for me but I intend to stick with X-Plane for the forseable future at least.I don't want to knock FSX too much though as, once you are able to tweak the cfg file correctly & eventually find the right settings for your own pc rig it 'flies' pretty well, and with certain add-on scenery it can look pretty damn good too.Likiewise with X-plane 10, I'm still learning how to get the best perfomance for my own pc spec, but I do like the fact that all of the 'trial and error' spec changes can be made in-game from the more than comprehensive settings options. One problem I do have at the moment is low frame rates. I use a 32 inch HD tv as my monitor, but tend to have to drop the in game screen resolution from 1920 x 1080  down to 1280 x 720 to get decent frame rates ie (20 Fps+).  But that's something I'm prepared to put up with. for the time being at least.Overall, after downloading a purchased add-on Bell 407 helicopter, I'm spending most of my personal free time flying the Bell 407. Great fun and great realsim & would recommend."
,Recommended,292180,30561579,Posted: 16 March,all,Barry  @Just Gonna send It,Started flying in FSX Steam. Put over 400 hours into it. It was time for a upgrade to X-Plane. FSX is a good sim but X-Plane in my opinion is the best worth the $60 I paid for the sim.
76561198020015111,Recommended,292180,31002489,Posted: 7 April,all,2017ChargerR/T {IEI},"Started on X-Plane 10,  updated to X-Plane 11, Go for 11, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,292180,16501217,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SkUnimatrix,"As many have said this is not a game it is a simulator and one aimed at private/general aviation pilots.  As a private pilot there are many things I like about this product to keep skills sharp as the price of Avgas in recent years has kept me out of the skies as much as I would like.  I've felt X-Plane has been better for that than FSX.  If you are wanting something to keep skills sharps in having to manually switch radios and such in the real world this is a great product for a pilot or student pilot.  For the more casual audience, those factors would likely annoy many and FSX is probably more up your ally.Probably the biggest complaint is the scenery and lack of real world details.  The runways are accurately modeled, but for most airports there are no buildings, etc..  City skylines are also lacking in detail.  As an example, if I fly around St. Louis in FSX the Eads Bridge, stadiums, old courthouse, new courthouse and several other iconic downtown buildings are modeled.  In X-plane it's just generic buildings."
76561198057043346,Recommended,292180,23837343,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BlueFinn,"I was playing FSX and then P3D V2 and V3 and now I have moved to X-Plane thanks to the IXEG 737 classic. X-Plane 10 is the most realistic flight simulator in the market right now. The graphics and flight dynamics cant be compared with any other simulator out there. A big plus is also that its 64-bit, so it takes more advantage of your RAM."
,Recommended,292180,13989584,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"The top proper flight-sim.CAVEAT EMPTOR: this is a purchase that should be considered only for hardcore flightsim fans.You're looking at $60 starting and you should really consider payware stuff, as well. In additon, the GA offerings are wonderfully modeled, but the military stuff isn't."
,Recommended,292180,21142332,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BrookenG,"Compared to FSX,,,, better quality graphics, better performance with 64bit, but not as much free content out there to add on and XP10 stuff is a little on the expensive side. Still all in all I think it is a step up from FSX. I can say that even though there is better graphics , in some ways it feels more lonely so to speak than FSX. FSX oftend gives more of a feeling of activity and someone else being around with airport vehicles and the like. I think all that is some what possible with XP but not to the same extent. That said , the sale price is decent for Global since that is around 80 dollars or so retail and with this you get the global textures. If you search you can find alot of freeware and also utilities to edit and create terrain and scenery so , besides the learning curve to learn how to do all of that, I feel satisfied with the purchase."
76561198196977407,Recommended,292180,23213180,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,blueskymaintenance,"Must be smart, not for dumb kids."
,Recommended,292180,26185299,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Flight737,"I have written a lot of positive reviews for X-Plane before. I believe that every penny I have spent to X-Plane worths. But this is the worst Marketing Campaign I have ever seen.""We punish you old and loyal customers, we now target the new customers who will pay us for the first time in their lives."""
76561197982842816,Recommended,292180,15326612,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,maxpower2k,"Great Sim. It's all hands on, where you have to start engines, file flight plans, etc. manually. More detailed to get flying than FSX or P3D. I fly all 3 for different experiences."
76561197993513551,Recommended,292180,11330166,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kunterbunt,"It is a shame I only got to know this 'game' after it was introduced to steam. I'm constantly searching for software that is using the potential of modern computers. It is amazing what x-plane is doing. It takes the map information of the whole world, searches for known objects like streets, train tracks and houses and populates this world with objects and life. Cars are driving over highways and trains run on the tracks. You forget that this is not real, when you fly over a city at night.This is not a game, but a simulator that is taking over the legacy of the MFS. I'm still flying this thing with mouse and keyboard (no way to use a helicopter this way though) until I can get a decent joystick.If you are even just a bit interested in simulations, you should download the demo. I kept playing the demo until I decided that 15 min playing is not enough for me anymore."
,Recommended,292180,12460601,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,4Delay,"I recently bought this game counting on the fact that it is still being updated (and due to the seemingly lack of updates in MS flight sim x).However, one thing to address quickly is that there is no convential main menu in this game, and it feels like hitting a wall. Also there is no inherent lesson/tutorial mechanism that helps learning the ropes.Everything apart from the game being not-so-rookie-friendly seems perfectly fine. I'll update the review in future."
76561197988758807,Recommended,292180,11251718,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,wiwalde,"i have been playing with xp10 on and off for quite some time.first off, this is NOT a game. its a simulator. the simulator part is realy good tho.eye candy: realy good with high end hardware. you are simulating the earth, its not the same as running cod on ultra (realy small map). there are alot of user/3rd party scenery and airplanes out there, for free or for money.the menu isent user friendly, and it can be alittle overwhelming for new users.if you like flysims this is probably the best. happy flying =)"
76561198169516661,Recommended,292180,18592511,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SpeedBird,I'm a recent convert to XPlane from FSX. I've been flying sims for the better part of 20 or more years.. since sublogic bruce artwick days.. I like FSX.. I like xplane.. for realism it's xplane hands down.... If xplane had the developers that that fsx has..it would dominate. 64 bit is really future for flying simming until we get to 128.. if we ever do.. We'll see how Dovetail sim does..I bought a $59.00 Jar Design 320 and it's pretty awesome.  I've flown FSX in a few months now.. I got back to it but the realism from model stand point wasn't there. Back at xplane. Not doing the 32 bit anymore..I still love FSX.. but xplane is becoming my new best friend.
,Recommended,292180,21090240,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Supersonicclank,"*Sim Game- For Professionals and not average gamer*Being a pilot in real life, I used the commercial version of Xplane for my flight training. For those negative reviewers, they do not understand that this really is not a game, but a educational tool. Of course graphics and gameplay may not be up to par, because it isn't meant to be a ""game"". For casual players, get microsoft flight sim X. Xplane is only for the core aviation sim lover/training.Stop complaining if you bought this expecting an experience like Flight Sim or War Thunder, you should have done your research."
,Recommended,292180,13477735,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,blacklex,"This is a flight SIMULATOR NOT A GAME! You may need some time to set it up but one you get the game going, it's great, especially with 3rd party addons. One major item I reccomend is PilotEdge addon."
,Recommended,292180,21932931,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tfk,"Brilliant flight simulator. As I am a general aviation pilot I was especially keen on the physics engine for general aviation aircraft. FSX always lacked good flight dynamics. Gladly X-Plane is very good with this aspect of flying. Doing touch and go's on a small airport with a good cross wind component (wind coming from the side) is a very enjoyable experience.The cross wind landing is a very good indicator of how good the physics engine is. Let me explain by describing the procedure.When wind is coming from, let's say right, then the airplane will be pushed to the left of the center line of the runway. To compensate this you have to steer into the wind. Doing this the nose of the aircraft will be pointing to the right of the runway. The propeller pulls you back on track so to say. However you'll be flying a bit sideways which is not ideal for a landing procedure. So to make the nose of the aircraft point to the center line again you will need to press the left pedal on your rudder pedals to push the nose to the left.This procedure can be summarized as 'Stick in the wind, opposite rudder to compensate'.So in this case your stick or yoke will be set to the right -in the wind- and your left foot will be in the forward position.Doing this in real life will set your aircraft on a fixed line towards the runway and give you a real good feel of control.Now it becomes interesting as the touchdown will change too. When approaching the runway in this configuration touching down will first occur on the side of main gear at the windy side. So in this case it will be the right main gear wheel that touches the tarmac first. Followed by the left side and then the nose wheel will gently touch the tarmac.I never got this to work in FSX. X-Plane follows this perfectly and it tells me that they've got it right.Secondly the engine is still maintained where FSX has remained as it was when it was released years back. This means that the X-Plane engine makes much better use of your video card and is easier on resources. This last part is important. It is stable. FSX crashed many times. Often when I was flying for an hour which in a flight simulator is very bad because you have to start your journey again. This hasn't happened yet in X-Plane.Then the graphics. Some reviewers say that FSX is better with graphics but this isn't necessarily the case. Agreed, the graphics look a bit dull when first installed but I found a few tutorial video's on YouTube how to make the lighting different so that shadows are more prominent and colors are much richer.That combined with a ton of free scenery which can be added makes for a very realistic experience.Last positive point is that they made it multi-platform so that I can run it native on my Linux machine. The only downside is that some add on development companies just don't want to make a Linux version of their add on. I had a conversation of a representative ofX-aviation.comabout their SkyMaxx add on. They just don't want to invest their time. And that is a shame as a developer needs less or no extra tooling to build an add on when building for Linux. Luckily most add on packages work just fine.One last note. It's a simulator. When you are more into arcade this will not be for you. Check YouTube to see what it's like if you are unsure.Happy flying and try the cross wind touch and go's. The are really fun!Cheers!TFK"
76561198093958350,Recommended,292180,21227914,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sovik,"Great Game!!! Graphics and realism is at the best, though they need more of a variety of planes but we luckily have freeware developers making amazing commercial planes! (That is if you don't want to spend anymore money on the game but if you do it is totally worth it). I hope you found this review helpful!"
,Recommended,292180,15574229,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ben Walker,Great game alot of effort and detail put into it.  Please consider buying a joystick or yoke before you purchace this.
76561198112447245,Recommended,292180,28735655,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NinoSolo,"When it comes to flight simulators, I'm no ""novice"", not by a long shot! And in my sincere opinion, X-Plane 10, has no equal. (Period!) And this may be an understatement, as it's closest ""competitors"", don't offer the same or a similar level of performance, in terms of their physics engine/model. Nor do they offer comparable overall customization, connectivity and so on. Out of the box, stripped bare to the bones, X-Plane 10 gives the user a whole lot of bang for their buck!  (Believe what I'm telling you!) Throw in a few addon aircrafts, additional AI Traffic, scenery packages and so on, and X-Plane 10 becomes a virtual living world! It's a TRUE flight simulator that you can enjoy at your leisure, right at home. And the icing on the cake is this; you don't have to have the biggest, baddest rig to run it! And it's absolutely STABLE... How can Steam offer Microsoft's Flight Simulator X, (along with a few other flight ""simulators"") under the same roof with X-Plane 10? It boggles the mind, and defies all logic and reason to say the least. Microsoft Flight Simualtor what??? X-Plane 10 and beyond; the authoritative standard and future, of flight simulation."
76561198034339250,Recommended,292180,15877064,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Admiral Nightmare,"X-Plane 10 Global includes 25 Aircraft in total (Liveries + XP9-older aircraft not included):-------------------------------------------------------Fighters: F-4 Phantom, FA-22 Raptor, Viggen JA37General Aviation: Baron B58, Cessna 172SP, Cirrus TheJet, Columbia-400, KingAir C90B, P180 Avanti Ferrari Team, StinsonL5Gliders: ASK21Heavy Metal: B747-100 NASA, B747-400 United, C-130, KC-10Helicopters: Bell 206, Robinson R22 BetaMega-Planes!: B-52G NASA, SR-71 Blackbird-D21aRadio Control: GP_PT_60, Raptor_30_V2Seaplanes: Bombardier Canadair CL-415Space Ships: Space ShuttleVTOL: Marines Sea HarrierX-Planes: X-15"
,Recommended,292180,30605555,Posted: 18 March,all,Magnetom,"FSX is generally the go-to if you're a beginner to Flight Simulation. X-Plane has a somewhat steeper learning curve. The amount of quality addon aircraft and scenery is immense and add to the experience very well, i can't personally recommend this for beginners because it's a whole different beast in comparison to FSX and takes a bit more effort to master. If you know your stuff and you feel confident, i'd more than recommend X-Plane because it really is a great work. It has a bit more realism and functioning items than FSX does and it tends to run better system-wise.tl;dr: not for beginners, great for experienced flight simmers"
76561197984324501,Recommended,292180,30945695,Posted: 4 April,all,xvii-Dietrich,"SummaryA true sand-box flight-sim, X-Plane 10 offers a huge variety of options for virtual pilots.Be warnedthat X-Plane 11 now exists, so you may wish to check that first, if you want the latest version. But version 10 is still a solid offering.Full reviewX-Plane 10 is a first rate flight sim. It isnotthe latest in the series, as X-Pane 11 has now been released. However I've really enjoyed using X-Plane 10 and this sim deserves a positive review. X-Plane 10 may also still be preferred for older machines.There is a modest selection of aircraft that come with it by default, some of which have high-levels of detail. However, it is the 3rd-party add-ons which are superb and which really add to it. There are hundreds of these (and thousands of community-built ones). If you are a serious simmer, you are probably already aware of this sort of thing, but for the novice, you should consider this as buying the ""sim engine"", rather than what you'll end up flying. That said, some of the default aircraft are still pretty neat. Many implement good flight models and superb avionics. The level of detail in some of the add-ons is breath-taking. Aircraft available range from the early days of aviation, through the war birds, early commercial airlines, small general aviation, spacecraft, modern fighter-jets, gliders, seaplanes and event remote-control models.The world is pretty much everything. Apart from the polar regions (over 80 deg latitude) every other continent is rendered. Compared to combat flight sims, the availability of nearly the entire planet is really quite something. Landscapes are pretty good, but there are loads of options for downloading open-source scenery packs, ranging from photo-rendered land-tiles to high-quality airports, complete with ground traffic, etc.From a multiplayer perspective, sites like VATSIM, IVAO, PilotEdge, etc. provide a way to fly with others online, including human air-traffic controllers. There are some single-player missions available for download, but for the most part, it should be treated as a simulator, not a game or mission. Also, as a flight sim, you would be advised to use a joystick. Even a basic one would give you a great start in learning to control the aircraft. In principle you can do it with the mouse, but it really is not so good.X-Plane 10 also comes with a utility called Plane Maker. This allows you to build or modify your own aircraft. As a result, there are literally thousands of community contributions. Some are a bit rough, but some are very professional, matching the quality of the paid add-ons. Additionally, there is a well defined network interface, making it possible to link other software to the sim or to add in your own hardware and controllers.So, in conclusion, if you are interested in flight, you will find X-Plane a great simulator environment. My only caveat is that now that X-Plane 11 is available, you should check that first!"
76561198142712822,Recommended,292180,17479215,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Craig,"Had this sim for a few months now, I knew it was going to be a task master having read all the reviews on it, so after a deep breath the purchase was made  having been a flight simmer since it started up many moons ago.When writing this review I have to remember the advances in this type of sim over the years  so in reality this is a technical marvel and I feel blessed to be able to experience it for what it is, however not everything is going to be to my or your liking so i will start with the negative from my point of view, its my personal view and nothing else, because other systems will have different results.This is an advanced sim so I do not understand for the life of me why the creators have placed within it aircraft with no panels, there is nothing advanced in any of that, delete them and save us all the pain of having to even know they are there, previous aircraft and experimental planes and those planes under construction...... please please don't waste your time creators its filling gaps and you know it, I'd rather have two excellent planes for the price than aircraft I would not even touch, its lazy and takes the advanced part of the game out of the equation.3D aircraft ... wow as default aircraft they are fantastic and a great platform to learn this sim from scratch, they are all you need for some great flying.Yes I banged my head of the wall so many times I lost count and it nearly went in the bin when everything and anything could and did go wrong, I could not get my head around the basics of setting it up, but this was solved when I  decided I did not know everything and rushing was not the answer, many good reviews on this sim and I  asked myself why was I not experiencing it, the answer was not opening the files, reading the instructions and going on all the helpful tutorials on UTUBE, yep three long nights and days studying and putting in the time and one start up later I'm enjoying flight simming experience as if it was my old FSX but more so, really ladies and gents take the time to learn, don’t rush and you will have your flight hours in no time.  Still have small problems with calibration mostly on the trims  but I’m sure I will get there.Again for an advanced sim it does not offer much in advanced terrain, airports etc, a couple of nice treats for the simmer would have been  nice, that said there is plenty on offer as add ons and if you are like me, I don’t mind the purchase if it makes a huge difference and from what I have seen they do.ATC why so difficult why so restrictive and complicated.The use of two screens, I had 3 in FSX, pop up and drag in to position and size to screen  simple. XPlane...  don’t go there  its not worth the hassle just made a mess of my screens, click on one and the other goes, or it overlays the other, drop down menus disappear and forget about flying until your back to one screen,  FSX simple, XPlane so complicated. I will get there just need to do more time on the workings of it all.That would be my main bug, why have the creators made it so complicated to set up, forget about the sim, set up has nothing to do with flying, it would be of no surprise that XPlane steam version will lose many a keen flight simmer due to this complicated set up of even the basics, needs sorting out and refining creators you owe the purchaser that much.OK I'm flying and boy am I enjoying it, start exploring the sim for what it is and for what it has to offer and you will not be disappointed with the default offerings, there is enough there for hours of enjoyment, even more if you intend to upgrade now and again, it really is a sim that will delight and with so much in the pipeline this is going to give many years  to the dedicated simmer.I really understand the frustrations of others, but I think that if you give it time and not be in to much of a rush to step inside the cockpit and take off within 1minute of downloading it, you will eventually sit back and realize the small price you paid was worth it.The sim is as good as I was hoping it to be, and from that statement I can only see it getting better in time.The developers have in my opinion let themselves down in areas, to attract new simmers they really need to take a page from FSX when it comes to the set up, take away the old and bring in some nice eye candy and simplify ATC, rendering options and such like, terminology is only of use to those who understand it.Developer should throw in  a 3d heavy and a 3d general aviation aircraft of the highest spec  and at least one area of photo real scenery with an airport, to tease is to please is to encourage.Overall simply fantastic, a great purchase a great sim ( If you manage to hold out that long)  Don’t ponder on the idea of getting it, do it and you will enjoy."
76561198223322668,Recommended,292180,17150402,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BavonWW,Damm hard to get to grips with after FSX but I'm up there on a wing and a prayer now!
76561198070783623,Recommended,292180,19325036,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,shamecube,This program saved me hundreds if not thousands on my instrument rating. I much prefer the fluid movements of the instruments when comparing to FSX.I will say that the out of the box scenery isn't as nice as FSX but there are plenty of texture packs you can get that will fix that.Overall I believe that this is the best and most realistic sim out there and plenty of freeware/payware out there to satisfy you. (The 15 pack of Piper aircraft you can get for $15 is amazing)If you are looking for a more arcade style game then definitely don't get this.
76561198115986210,Recommended,292180,23764529,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Not Stealthy,"X-Plane 10 is the best and most accurate flight simulator I've ever used.  Its real-time flight simulation is unrivaled and the graphics, oh, the graphics!  This is personally one of my best buys and I certainly recommend it to anybody who wants an in-home flight sim, be that just a desktop and a joystick or a realistic cockpit with a movement deck and realistic controls.Albeit a little pricey at £44.49, this game is worth it on sale."
,Recommended,292180,22460527,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MG,"Good sim, downloaded free ground texture packs and loved flying VFR. Just one ""-"" is horrible expensive dlcs...But who said that flying is a cheap hobby ;)"
76561198153469238,Recommended,292180,22317589,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Clueless Captain,"Addons are what make this game. £44.99 is just the base price. You need to be prepared to spend hundereds if you want to make this game like you see on YouTube. The Org Store has the best prices for addons, but they're all expencive. Planes cost anywhere between £15 - £95 depending on realism. Scenery packages range from £14 - £60.This is not a game for people who just want to have fun. You need to spend time learning aircraft systems, buying addons, troubleshooting (this game crashes a lot), and preparing FMS plans. If you are willing to learn all of this and invest, I'd say to you that you're going to have a lot of fun.You also need to have a high spec computer, the requrements listed bellow are not realistic. I'd recommend as a base configuration:Intel Core i5-4690K running OC'd at 3.50+ GHZNVIDEA GTX 7608GB RAMWindows 8.1 +This will get you running at Medium - High graphics at 30+ FPS (basically my rig) A 2GB card is not brilliant.If you want ultra I recommend:i7 4770K OC'dNVIDEA GTX 1060+16GB RAMWindows 7"
,Recommended,292180,27474725,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McMatt,Perhaps best flight simulator. And I'm really interesed what will XP11 bring to us. And when it will be available on Steam.
,Recommended,292180,14053705,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Salunbird,"THIS IS A HARDCORE SIMULATOR! NOT A FLYING GAME!An unbiased opinion from someone who flies over 20 flight sims.Being a lover of flight sims I have all the major ones.If your looking for a game, KSP or Ace combat might be more up your alley.Ill compare this to Microsoft flight simulator for comparisionFlight ModelMicrosoft Flight simulator 10 (FSX) uses a variable chart to determin how an aircraft behaves inflight. So the control surfaces moving in game are more or less jjust eye candy. As a file controls the aircrafts variable movements. Not to bash FSX but it gives a more mechanical feel to flying. Less natural. However it is less processor intensive and easier to learnXPlane uses an advanced blade theory dynamics. Which models of airflow to calculate how the surface would behave in the air condtions. So moving a control surface actually affects the movement of the air. Giving i a far more realistic feel. Its far more difficult to fly and spin outs are to be expected.Terrain:FSX uses real world terrain data. Its a fairly low resolution so it can appear to be blocky in some places. However DSX also uses real world road maps and places large cities with real land marks. So you can easily fly around your home town and VFR flights.Xplane 10 Uses a simular real world terrain model at a higher resoultion. Making mountains much more realistic. As well as the weather effects acting upon them. However real world cities are absent. Although using satelite images the engine places cities and town in the right places. Just don't expect to be flying over the Sears tower in chicago.FSX uses the same data files to determine aircrafts ability to move in the weather. It feels very clunky and un natural. Adjust for winds and temputures at variing levelsXPlane 10 again uses blade theory. However it only accounts for ground level and altitude of your aircraft. Meaning a cross wind at the airfiled will affect a plane on land almost as much as one at altiude. However Xplane 10 uses an active model radar. So you can in theory actually fly into a hurricane in real time and watch it on radar.Aircraft Models:FSX comes with a slew of highly detailed aircraft. All with 3d cockpits and working insterments. So you can fly that little puddle jumper to an F-18 right from the get go.Xplane10 does have a lot of aircraft but many do not come default with 3d interiors. Most have some sort of 2d panel that will sufice for flying.Combat:FSX sucksXpalne 10 SucksDCS world is free. You have no excuse to not have it.Multi player.FSX has a clean and simple interface that allows you to browse and favorite servers. A modern design thats clean and user friendly.Xplane allows only direct connect. So I hope your computer skills are alright.Personal conclusion:FSX is more about the experience of flying. Weather just goofing off or flying across the world to see the sights. I often will just plot courses to sight see various places and to learn to use the systems in the game.Xplane 10 is more about learning to fly. Which lets face it. Weather you bought FSX or Xpalne is sorto f why you bought either. Xplane is just more about the feel of flying than flying. Its a great product and why I was happy both came to steam.And totop it all off most of the advatnges what one or the other sim has can be negated with addons. BOth free or payware. So it really boils down to how serious you are about flying. I often enjoy total realism in Xplane so more often than not its my go to sim."
,Recommended,292180,14635154,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Pedro ACE,"I'd like to review mostly the helicopter simulation in X-Plane since I used to have a JAA CPL(H)/IR(H) (helicopter licence) and for me this is the best simulation of helicopters out there, period. The only other that comes close is DCS World, but that's a military simulator.I used X-Plane 9 to help with my instrument and procedure training and it was closer to the real thing than any other flight simulator out there and I've tried almost everything since the days of the 48Kb computers. From X-Plane 9, the 10 is an evolution with much better features and 64bit support.Remember, this is a simulator, not a game. You may find it harder to control an helicopter in X-Plane than in other ""simulations"" out there. If you prefer to experience the real handling of such aircraft, X-Plane is for you, just be prepared to crash a lot while learning, otherwise go for other easier titles.I like to think that X-Plane is much more a piloting simulator than a button pushing simulation, so smaller and more hands-on aircraft are preferable to big flying computers to really enjoy it, but that's probably just a matter of preference.Some of the aircraft included in the base X-Plane are old and poorly designed, as is most of the world scenario, but you can find a lot of freeware online. Some of the payware is also nice but it's a pity that only a fraction is in the Steam DLC, maybe some option by the publisher, Aerosoft.As a downside I believe X-Plane Steam integration leaves a lot to be desired. Laminar Research just took a lazy approach to publishing on Steam and there isn't even correct Steam Overlay integration and neither the much wanted Steam Workshop.IMHO, X-Plane is the best civilian flight simulator out there and it's still evolving."
,Recommended,292180,17561736,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,WinBeatz,"I asolutely ADORE this game but only one problem, it takes up 70gb of space and i have run out of room for my other important things. I play this game a lot but have no idea what to do. Any ideas? Please help"
76561198272436161,Recommended,292180,23293677,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Swankypanda,"An incredible experience! You can literally lean to fly virtually any aircraft in your own home, at your own desk...simple incredible. Before I took a trip to China and Tibet I flew my XPlane sim into every airport, over every sight I was looking forward to being at. The 'Google Earth' quality of graphics made it so I actually recognized the places/runways/airstirps/mountains/streams/ topography as we flew over and landed.....absolutely incredible. Combine this program with CH Yoke, peddles and such and it's just like the real thing. After some time on my XPlane sim I am able to take over the controls of a friends Cherokee 6 (1,500 feet and above) and fly it like I was born behind the wind screen.....you can too....HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AAA++++"
76561198029584661,Recommended,292180,23228595,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Norton,"Amazing realism, a very good graphic engine just need some top quality aircraft like PMDG, A2A ..."
,Recommended,292180,30027450,Posted: 18 February,all,z0civic,"If you want an extremely realistic flight simulator, X-Plane is about as real as they come. X-Plane is definitely great out of the box, but the real joy and authentic experience comes in when you start using third party aircraft. The professionally made and officially licensed planes from FlightFactor, JARDesign, and IXEG, are by far some of the best. I strongly recommend the IXEG 737 Classic(http://www.x-aviation.com/catalog/product_info.php/take-command-ixeg-737-classic-p-122)and the 757 Professional(http://store-x-plane-org.3dcartstores.com/Boeing-757-version-2-Professional-_p_542.html). Both of these airliners are top of the line for X-Plane with great detail put into the various systems, 3D cockpit designs, and models/textures. They are a bit pricey, but well worth the cost if you're looking to do some very realistic commerical aviation. If you really want the full experience, be sure to use a yoke and ideally some throttle levers and rudder pedals!"
76561198112927828,Recommended,292180,16314101,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Killerdoom14,"I think its a fine Simulator, not a game. Although if you arent simulating or looking to get into flying, its difficult to learn without a full on set up. I am returning due to it seeming like i have to have a joystick or Yaw, I do not have either as I am not fully integrated into becoming a pilot. It seems like a nice nifty game, 15 bucks and its totally worth it for an aspiring pilot, unfortunately 90% of trees and buildings arent even there, you crash only into the ground."
76561198313622773,Recommended,292180,31796266,Posted: 16 May,all,cobruner,"It was very good. Just upgraded to X-Plane 11, which is also very good."
76561197971069051,Recommended,292180,27666142,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PEDRO6229,i have killed more birds and deer in the game than is cabellas big hunt!!!!
76561198115733138,Recommended,292180,30580664,Posted: 17 March,all,mah_0003,"As you can probably see from my playtime, I really love this game. It is my most played game on steam and for good reason. I think I should first address the title ""game"". It really isn't a game at all, it's a simulation. A really darn complex simulation. Think of paying for the simulation engine, not for a fully featured title. The default aircraft aren't amazing, and only a few thousand (only :P) have 3D scenery. There is a wealth of free aircraft and scenery avaliable at theX-Plane.ORGforums and theX-Plane.ORGStore (X-Plane StoreandX-Plane Forums), probably the most generous community I've ever seen for a game. But if you want a detailed simulation, be prepared to pay money, this isn't a cheap hobby. I've probably spent well over $1000AUD on addons, hardware and software, as well as all of the free utilities and things that would usually come at a premium at a P3D or FSX forum. I would personally recommend against getting X-Plane 10 from steam, and instead get X-Plane 11 from Laminar's website, as X-Plane 10 is included free with it. The addons on steam are good quality, but you can often find them on sale at theX-Plane.ORGstore.The actual engine in X-Plane is fantastic. I can't really compare it to real life as I've never flown in real life, but certainly compared to FSX it's a huge improvement. You can really feel the air under your wings, as appossed to the ""flying on rails"" feel you get with FSX and P3D. The only real downside to X-Plane 10 is that it can only use a few of your cores, due to limitations with the OpenGL engine. This can lead to low framerates when you're using several high-fidelity aircarft and custom scenery. Even still, low framerates is far superior to random CTD's you get with FSX and P3D due to memory limitations.TL;DR:This is not a game. It's a simulation. Expect to have to pay big money for extreme-fidelity aircraft, but still less than P3D or FSX. It's a solid engine, runs well and consistantly. Have a high single-thread clock and a decent GPU if you want to get the best performance. The best addons are atX-Plane.ORGand not as DLC for this game, butDO NOT BUY X-Plane 10!Get X-Plane 11 from Laminar and you'll get X-Plane 10 included free! Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,292180,23642503,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fick,Best flight sim ever. The plane maker is the perfect balance of ease of use and complexity for advanced users. This really needs steam workshop support.
76561198047571239,Recommended,292180,26066728,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fextina,"For those of us in the Linux userland, there isn't much choice when it comes to Flight sims, so XPlane10 was pretty much the only choice out there. But even when pitted against others sim, the realism of XPlane really shines. I am a hardcore simmer, with 3-monitor 5760x1080 resolution on GTX 1080, 32GB of RAM and Core i7-6700k. I get about 30-90 FPS depending where I am at, it is definitely a resource hog and can use some improvements.Flight model is quite realistic and it forces you to rethink your controls (think right rudder). However, some flight forces are exegerrated and can lead to uncomfortable rights. I still get right-tendencies even in level flight. There are problems with ground shaking and abrupt FPS changes, but hopefully thoes will be fixed with XPlane11.Most importantly, I got all my hardware (All the saitek radio panel, multi-panel, rudder, yoke..etc) working without any issues. Even TrackIR works great with XPlane on Linux. It is highly recommended for any serious simmer out there."
,Recommended,292180,30765691,Posted: 26 March,all,EpicNobody26,UI could be a lot better [Fixied in XP11]
,Recommended,292180,23007691,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Theo,"Amazing Game!, as with most simulators dont rely on default scenery or planes as the addons available really make the game visualy stunning and very immersive. 10/10 (very diffrent from Fsx or P3d please take this in mind when purchasing Xplane 10)"
76561198048070771,Recommended,292180,28019832,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ernsbanerns,Very useful for those RL pilots who wanted to practice flying. I'll be taking my IR soon so this will be very useful!
76561198007429344,Recommended,292180,26084850,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,RolandBP,"I must say the Cessna that comes with this deal is very nice to fly. Extremely steady and simple to land. I do put some of this down to my latest PC, as It was not quite so good on my previous PC."
,Not Recommended,292180,28627446,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SPANGLESONTOAST,Don't buy this on steam you won't get your FREE Upgrade to Xplane 11 !
76561198005282091,Recommended,292180,23976479,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kshold,"best air plane simulator ever... i have prepar3d, fsx, fsx se... and dude, x-plane is the best one, you can almost feel in a real plane"
76561198219889955,Recommended,292180,30181821,Posted: 25 February,all,Phoenix,The most accurate flight model affordable by the average gamer.  Looking forward to version 11 very much.  Wish I would have waited to buy 11 instead with all the improvements.
,Recommended,292180,28996899,Posted: 3 January,all,FlyingWeka,The best flight sim on the market bar the almost released X Plane 11
76561198188743017,Recommended,292180,25003797,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Wendellexpress,I love all the freeware you can download online
76561198116309746,Recommended,292180,14563408,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,dskyking455,I never thought t hat I would ever switch or run X-Plane 10 global  to amn complcated to configuerset down and watched a lot of you tub about it after several weeks of watching other pilots idesied o give it a chance well late last night i installed north america and early this morning on thedesktop pc i took my frist flight out of john waybe orange county wow it was a treat to fly once i becameacquainted with the flight system and flight controls wow what a dream to fly  i am a truemicrosoft fligh simer from the start but now thinkin of switching all i have to o is make my saitekcockpit wok with x-plane with out a lot of headacks as i have little time left i have f kidney failuer andi am a former dialysis patient no hope for this is my world now whats left thank you so much wish theirwas airports in aroun southern california where i used to fly
,Recommended,292180,14600617,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[ROAR]  =★= Killing Rules,"X-plane 10 is a powerful engine in which one should install their payware aircraft into. The sim is well optimized and graphically pleasing.  X-Plane is easy to mod and customize. For a serious sim pilot payware is a must because the default aircraft are poor quality. To have to full experience one should be prepared to spend additional funds on payware.There ane many airports, cities, and regions which one can download for free. I Would suggest downloading your favourite airports to add to the immersion.(store-x-plane-org.3dcartstores.com/)"
76561198022836125,Recommended,292180,15318935,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,LoZik,Great physics and good graphics nice scenery.Better than FSX:SE
76561197971090234,Not Recommended,292180,28007545,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,srjh,"As per the video dated October 8 (see 7 min 10 sec), ""All purchases of X Plane 10 now will cover both 10 and 11"".https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaGDkVhZPfUThis does not appear to be the case (you cannot try X plane 11 like other X plane 10 users can), so I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,292180,18334396,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,iiWilly,PLEASE ADD SNOW
76561198037532616,Recommended,292180,11328639,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,PROPHET79,"I'm a big fan of Flight Simulations, and was waiting a long time to get this game on Steam , Now Should you buy this game or not , well that depends on what kind of Gamer are you ? if you are someone like me who adores sims & especially Flight Sims , then i can asure you that right now at this moment and time as i'm writing this review , This is the Best & most accurate Flight Simulation out there on PC & MAC , Wait let me refraze that ""This is the only Flight Sim on both PC & MAC , and it is the most realistic Flight Sim there is.To run this Game , you are gonna need some mighty powerful beast PC or MAC to truly enjoy the ultra realistic graphics , If you have a Triple Monitor with Flight Yoke Controller from Saitek , than you are trully going to enjoy this baby .And don't just take my word for it , do your research on Google , and you will see what other Professional Pilots have to say about X-Plane 10 Global."
76561198022445792,Not Recommended,292180,11498740,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC,"This game is overpriced. Even at paying 60$ and 5 gb, I was very underwhelmed by the amount of content provided. If you want to add any scenery, a single continent contains almost 80 gigs of scenery, which the scenery is good, but the space taken up by that is ridicilous. If you cannot afford 80 gigs for scenery, you are left with bare oceans as the scenry. You get a decent collection of planes for free. But if you want any other models, other planes worth downloading cost anywhere from 10 to 30 dollars off of various sites. Then if you want to further enhance, or make more realistic the experience, you might have to add plugins. The game is expandable in many many ways, but I find it quite absurd the amount of space actual scenery takes up, and the cost of having to download new planes into the game. Also, even at 60$, you aren't allowed to play this game in offline mode, which pisses me off, because this game lacks or has a minimal multiplayer feature. Why must I be signed in?"
76561198134956180,Recommended,292180,22979644,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,pX_Nz,"Probably one of the greatest flight simulators I've found - and when comparing light-aircraft I fly in real-life to the versions modelled in the simulator, the experience and 'feel' is far closer than in FSX.Fair to say that the scenery is very empty and bland when you first install - but download the free world2xplane global scenery packs, and visitwww.x-plane.orgfor a wwide collection of free or commercial scenery and planes - at that point everything changes.Biggest complaint would be the extreme load times even on SSD, and issues with occasional crashes. The lack of some of the cool addons like FS2Crew and a decent ATC also grind a little, but the developers are starting to come to the party. Even PMDG is due to release a new study level aircraft for it this year."
,Recommended,292180,26222316,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Montyggdrasil,"Love this game quite a bit, but the default ATC and weather/clouds definitely need some improvement."
76561198202148624,Recommended,292180,28634972,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bradhasle14,"i would highley recommend this game is a very realistic sim and if u are a real pilot i would get it and once u get all the addons with it, its a completely different sim its amazing :)"
76561198212109157,Recommended,292180,30855151,Posted: 31 March,all,iouliam,very good
,Recommended,292180,30324601,Posted: 4 March,all,Blaine,"One of the main selling features of X-Plane 10 is the ability to set preferential camera angles without the use of an addon or pay ware. The game looks decent, however, there is a lot left to be desired with graphics as a whole. In my humble opinion, a game should have stunning graphics without the need to download third-party graphics software. A major drawback to flight simulation games, and X-Plane 10 in particular, is the lack of tutorial or training references available. Learning to operate an airliner or even a single-engine land aircraft is considerably complex and the lack of easy to access material makes enjoyment of the game difficult. There are many of said resources on YouTube®, however, many of these resources are not consistent. A major improvement would be to include a comprehensive training program for X-Plane in the future as well as procedures manuals."
,Recommended,292180,18478151,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HotelAlpha200,"This game is... well... indescribable. You can make youw own guns, planes, and aifoils! You can fly anywhere and in any situation/weather! You can land/take off on carriers! You can find thousands of aircraft, scenery, and effect addons!15/10"
76561198045556769,Recommended,292180,21016033,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Alex Jones,"This is the best simulator on the market. FSX and P3D may have some pros, but X-Plane 10.4+ definitely has a lot more pros going for it. If you want an awesome simulator with good graphics this is it. Also, te X-Plane is much better for helicopters and tuboprops then the FSX or P3D. Get it!"
,Recommended,292180,23718292,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ProBMG,"Very accurate; I own X-Plane Pilots and I have been involved with X-Plane for almost 6 years. I can say that this simulator mimics the real thing, I fly 172, 152, and Piper Archer in Real World and X-Plane is highly realistic. If you want to real experience go X-Plane."
,Recommended,292180,34518136,Posted: 26 August,all,Chilli943,So much better than FSX
,Recommended,292180,11629308,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TouchMyButt,"This is the best sim out there in my opinion. Go toxplane.organd download more FREE planes and Scenery:http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?app=downloadsGet the flight school, and the voice command pack (a must), also don't be afraid to invest in some advanced planes and gear. I've found the Saitek X55 to be a great setup for flying. You can get Flight school and other things at:http://store01.prostores.com/servlet/x-planestore/Detail?no=409If you're having scenery issues, take a look at my post onxplane.org:http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?showtopic=78822If you're looking to putz around, Arma III is your game. You can putz around in Xplane, but you'll get bored quick if that's all your looking for. Yes, you can download and arm fighters i Xplane as we often ""shoot each other down"" when we're in wild moods. Which kind of ticks you off when you're on your final approach and on your ILS and Glide slope ....and boom, buddy takes you out. You can network with other friends with this game.This game runs fine, but it's not going to run on a 486dx...you'll need a decent system to run it, and you will need to invest some time into ""learing""...""imagine all that"". I'm sorry for the people who are not happy for it, my best advice....go play Arma. This is probably a little past your level of ""gaming"" as it is more than just a game.This game is HIGHLY recommended for anyone interested in aviation and not just screwing around. I still get yelled at about my taxi speed and missing my glide slope. There are so many free plugins and scenery enhancements for this game it will make your head spin. You want great scenery? Here:http://world2xplane.com/http://download.geofabrik.de/north-america.html"
76561198041619416,Recommended,292180,11858659,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Kareem,"Great concept!Advantages before other simulators:- scientific and professional atmosphere of the program- highly-detailed 3D-model of the Earth with true-scaled density of objects- united 3D-model of exterior and interior of aircraft, so you can see detailed cockpit instruments from outside- global lighting system so you can see dynamic shadows from mountains to tiny objects- minimalistic, non-gaming style of interface (hope they keep this tradition in future)- open file system, tons of additional content front third-party developers- not required installation on PC of the non-steam version, ability to run the program from flash driveMy wishes:- more complicated modeling of flight and systems behavior (DCS example is perfect)- add highly detailed aircraft to base version worthy third-party content- ability to enhance Global Scenery with user objects like in Google Earth, so everyone can add his own home to the map- further improvement of global lighting (shadows from clouds, shadows in cockpit from external objects)- use 3D-model of aircraft in calculations, more 3D-modelling opportunity in Plane-maker- add non-steam version to download and activate via x-plane websiteVery enjoy X-Plane 10, now I planning to try the flight from Seattle to Moscow across Siberia at ultra-light aircraft."
,Recommended,292180,14921668,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[SRI] Mr_Legal,"A very nice game,A lot of reviews say that you need a ''beast'' of a graphics card to run this game... in my opinion , yes you need a good gaming card but not a ''beast''.I’m using the Asus GTX 570 (yes it's a gaming card but not the latest or fastest one around now…) and it works perfect, also in good or really good quality.Also important is the need of a performant CPU to run this game nice and smoothly.The appearance and gameplay of this game is more than just ok.In the beginning it’s a little bit difficult to play this game and You should get used to it.X plane is much more realistic than FSX, because it is so realistic you need to be a good pilot to take off and fly with one of the bigger planes like the Airbuses or one of the big Boeings.For example; before taking off you must complete all pre-checks and start-up procedures just like in the real world.Even the weather decides in which circumstances you’re flying.If you fly in bad weather you need to be well enough trained to accomplish the  requested route.if you want full simulator experience with all DLC packages and if you want to play it In ultra-realistic mode, you need to spent some more money on it.Also take note of the fact that you need a proper joystick to play the game smoothly because it’s hardly playable with only a keyboard."
,Recommended,292180,13985803,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Gnatty Ice,"Great sim. Runs really well, looks great, actively developed. Flight modelling is awesome w/GA types. Several neat integration options (EFIS apps, etc. developed by third parties for Android & iOS)The major criticism I have is that airports can be a little sparse as far as buildings go. That's easily remedied by grabbing free content fromx-plane.orgor payware airports if you're into that. Additionally, landclass data used in X-plane seems like it might be a little old, which causes some areas of cities to be sparser than they are in real life.I recommend checking out the ""X-Plane 10 HD Mesh Scenery"" available  from alpilotx. It uses higher resolution texturing and newer landclass data, which helps some areas look closer to how they look today.Additionally, acquiring this via steam is significantly more convenient than having to either buy a dongle from laminar, or leave an optical disc in my PC. The only downside to that is that it's a little tougher to get in on betas if you wanted to test those."
76561197997818644,Not Recommended,292180,13903637,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,eccoinnovations,"Wow, so far this is not a good experience....I've had my Private Pilot's license since 1994...I've owned Microsoft's Flight Simulator X for many years, I then bought X-Plane 9, and was not impressed at all....The marketing for X-Plane 10 was really good, but unfortunately this seems like a repete of my experience with X-Plane 9....I'm starting to wonder if the people who gave raving reviews have never experienced MS Flight sim X..Given, I've only played with the sim for about two hours, I feel like it's two hours I'll never get back.....MS flight sim is such a more well rounded inclusive experience...I'm mad I wasted $29 on this....As a Simulation it is good, but MS flight sim X was just as good as a simulation, but there was soooooooooooo much more that MS flight sim X offered......I think this is Junk compared to the Microsoft alternative."
76561198110033342,Recommended,292180,12427282,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,glowy01,This games is wonderful...if you have a joystick.  In all reality though this game is quite good.  If you can spare the money and the time it takes to download and set up the joystick then I highly recomend this.
76561198321414907,Recommended,292180,32530652,Posted: 18 June,all,adwojwojcieszak,i really liked it
,Recommended,292180,12963405,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Wahlaitoi,"Initial installation requires 6GB, then followed by optional but highly recommended terrain textures (DLCs) which are available through the game's properties page from Steam client. additional textures can be also downloaded for free or purchased from third party online aviation sites. Fly a B-22 Spirit Bomber, or the F-22, or experimental aircraft or passenger boeings, you will like 'em all.dis game very good, very realistic. just dont misuse it n become terrorist n slam planes on buildings or make it disappear k."
76561198015901838,Recommended,292180,13565855,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,EssDeeKay,Beats Microsoft Flight Simulator X by a huge margin. I love this simulator.
76561198098453311,Recommended,292180,12815613,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,claude*****413,"As a flight sim this is one of the best. Flight dynamics are incredible. Scenery great. There are some negatives that future buyers should be aware of; I bought this for Linux. My rig is an AMD Phenom II with a Radeon R7 250. The game will not run for more than 50 minutes. Average game time is 15 minutes. When booting into Windows on the same machine the game works great! Which is sad because I would rather game in Linux.Second, outside of the Seattle area, airports have no buildings. All runways seem precise but not a building on the airport. Plenty in towns neaby. This is only a minor thing. For what it's worth I have only used North American maps so they (the buildings) may exist in other parts of the world.Recommended? Emphatic YES on Windows. Big fat NO on Linux."
76561198045624339,Recommended,292180,13463979,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,2 Baldy 1,"Not bad, it's pretty good, needs more addons for world wide scenery, missing local landmarks in Sydney, obviously only those familliar with the area would notice. Hope they update scenery soon, although it's very good with what there is.The simulator is enjoyable, if you're a flight sim fan. Needs AI air traffic for more realism, perhaps it does, I just haven't found how to get it yet?"
76561198168754731,Not Recommended,292180,13825629,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,harrry,"A disapointmen.  Flight dynamics are good but not much if any better than the other two.  Worst is the lack of any realism in most airports and the total lack of detail outside the Demo area.  Look for example at LuangPrabung in Laos.  In FSX a few buildings and a small town, with FSX global a complex town with a working semirealistic airport. In Xplane not one house just an airstrip.Similarly with most other towns.I would almost say it is deceptive to have a demo region signifigently better thna the rest.Not recomended."
,Recommended,292180,12921864,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,1337Выдра2000,"FSX is officially ""dead"". Prepar3d is too high price and strange with its license (no entertainment usage??? O_O) So only XP10 now and thanks god it is Xtra Good!!!BUT REMEMBER!!! IT IS Simulation!!!!"
76561198008343646,Not Recommended,292180,11296411,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sterling Archer,"FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! I watch the vid and was amazed at how good it looks, only to find that less than half of the starting planes they gave you doesnt even have a 3D Cockpit View.   so after 60+ gig of all DLC you find that airport missing textures, water where there should be pavement.   god forbid your plane doesnt have any NPC co-PILOT, it looks good from far away but once you switch your camera inside Cockpit you'll see the BLOCKY Mine Craft NPC. its pathetic.  Pls. check out the Images posted on Artwork / Community Hub.  its a Half A%ss game. but Hey DO YOU LIKE BUYING PLANES WITH REAL MONEY,  they have a website for you to spend $15 - $45 bucks for a PLANE.  beware!"
76561198106013829,Recommended,292180,29620986,Posted: 31 January,all,michael,I fly only heavy jets and this is by far the best sim out there. It will melt your graphics card.
,Recommended,292180,20226178,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,One Rice Wonder,Great sim but keep in mind its a sim not a game
76561197970369960,Recommended,292180,20123076,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Georgewyull,Far more advanced than any other flight simulator out there. You definitely need 3rd party addon aircraft to really enjoy it. The standard aircraft are a bit of a joke and there are some silly gimmicks in it such as deer that run out over the runway. Graphically it is beautiful if you have a powerful PC and most of the flight dymanics are superb. Needs the developer to attract more high quality addons to it and it could be a real success.
76561198009922605,Not Recommended,292180,13972647,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,expen,"If you are *not* a flight sim enthusiast, do not purchase this product. It really is not targetted for beginners. Simply configuring the settings such that the sim is playable is a huge time commitment. There are no ""missions"" or tutorials like in other flight sims. Again, such circumastances may be fine for enthusiasts or licensed pilots, but not for people with casual interest. FSX is much more user-friendly in terms of configuring the game to get going and much more thought went into the design (e.g., there are expansive manuals, dynamic flight instruction, and interesting missions that give much needed purpose to the game)."
,Recommended,292180,14095854,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Meh.
76561198262287577,Recommended,292180,31186733,Posted: 16 April,all,De Kaashaas,Topsimulation as is to be expected from Laminar!
76561198110224378,Recommended,292180,17948021,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Eleazar,"Overall, I only have 80 hours on X-Plane 10, so I, by far, am not an expert. My catalyst for buying X-Plane 10 was to see how it compared to FSX (which I also own through Steam) because an instructor at a local flight school mentioned that his lower level simulators for the students used X-Plane 10. That got me interested... what first caught me off guard when using X-Plane 10 the first time was the sloping runways (runways can be selected to follow the contours of the ground) so, no more flat runways like seen in FSX... not to say this is better or worse, it's just a fact. I was also pleased to find my Navigraph subscription could be used to update some nav data for the gps within X-Plane 10! I would say if you're on the fence, give it a try!"
,Recommended,292180,17652485,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,KouchPouch,It's a fantastic simulator.
,Recommended,292180,24101568,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KriminaL™,Good game... If your computer is Megabuild
,Recommended,292180,24200693,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JERry,"ATC: You're cleared for takeoffYou accelerate to V1ATC: Hold short runway 25LYou can't stop and decide to take off anywayATC decides that because you took a reasonable action, you're not welcome in ATC clearance"
76561198230493720,Recommended,292180,20568171,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mrs Hudson,"it would be good if they had more airliners such as virgin,emirates,thomson that would make this game much better"
,Recommended,292180,17606503,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Schotty,"Great looking and realistic.  First plane I loaded up was an SR-71.  Crashed a billion dollars worth of planes ... at least.  Then I moved to the normal hobbyist planes and am doing alot better.  Skills are required, sometimes not much, sometimes alot.  The SR-71 is a toughie.Worth the buy if you like aviation sims.  Plenty of good to say, only negative kinda comes with the territory -- you need to fly which aint easy :D"
76561198261452998,Recommended,292180,32966412,Posted: 28 June,all,AwsomePilot25,i wish i cold still get it
,Recommended,292180,13056036,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,arparparp,"It is actually really gratifying to take off, set the autopilot, and land on the (somewhat) realistic depiction of the land next to your house.  Realistic modelling of the effects of airspeed, cargo weight and location, fuel levels, and machine failure all come together to make this an airplane tinkerer's dream.  Definitely reccomended for kids who can't absorb enough information about aircraft up; you especially will be sure to impress any pilot with your knowledge of plane instrumentation."
90864347086124785,Recommended,292180,23262721,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hugo.orc,Can you add multyplayer because i want to play with other people
76561198168746392,Not Recommended,292180,20585576,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kenb,"This game is so bad. I can't figure out how to day ANYTHING! You can't even get to the settings menu! The planes suck. They give you 0 instruction on how to do anything. If you want a real flight simulator, get FSX."
76561198056680446,Not Recommended,292180,30921203,Posted: 3 April,all,Buck_RJ,"The main game control interface (I don't mean aircraft's painels) still have to improve a lot, it's a mess.The game is not complete, since the default airports are not modeled in 3D (so they started selling them $$$ without quality pattern). If you buy multiple scenarios the game will crash.Gamepad control: configure and adjust it's a headache.There is no user support for the Steam portal, just ads and sales.The list of standard aircraft is small and with a inferior quality.I downloaded OpenSceneryX library. However, there are no support or revisions.It's not a simulator, it's a game more stressful than fun. You can turn ANY airplane upside-down at full speed without any damage. The runways are smooth. The physics simulation in general is inferior to FSX that was released in 2006. The orbx scenarios are much higher.So them are pushing $$$ you to the X-plane 11 game (i tested it...) that is only a graphic slightly better than the previous one, however the most current games have a higher graphic quality (Project CARS, Arma III, Fallout 4, Grand Theft Auto V, etc...). There is no grass, realistic raindrops, trees movements or ground services by default.The physical simulation has not been improved, the aircraft are the same as the previous version without any improvements."
76561198002311169,Recommended,292180,12250790,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Amoun,"I thought I'd try out X-Plane 10 in the hopes that it would be able to replace the aging FSX. Whilst FSX is great and is the gold standard, it's old architecture places limits on it which we have pretty much reached now. X-Plane 10 is the ONLY 64bit high fidelity general  flight sim and that is able to fully use today's hardware. Add to that the fact that its flight model is more accurate out of the box than FSX and you have a recipe for success. Right?The flight model is good. The planes don't feel like they fly on rails (unlike stock FSX). The auto-gen scenery and effects are very good. The environment is gorgeous straight out of the box. It runs smooth as silk on my machine. But... I only put a few hours in the sim before regretting downloading it's 50 odd gig of content and returning to FSX. Why?Part of the joy of sims for me is immersion and level of fidelity to reality. Whilst X-Plane 10 hit the ball out of the park with flight modeling, its ""plausible world"" just simply isn't. I was dismayed to discover there are very few runways or airports with any buildings on them. Almost all of them are just flat strips on the ground with no buildings, no life, and no feeling of having actually arrived at a destination. Every landing feels like a landing on some remote bush strip in the middle of nowhere. In addition, the various cities and locations don't actually look much like those locations.  You have to go to great lengths with addons to rectify this sitation, and even then it falls short of the mark.The cockpits of the default aircraft look like they were made a decade ago (I think some were!) and a number of the 3d virtual cockpits just dont work at all. I was so disappointed that I felt the need to drop some money on a plane from Carenado on day one, just to enjoy the experience. This was a major disappointment.Another area that X-Plane get's let down on is developer support. Compared to FSX or Prepar3D, there is very little in the way of professional addons, scenery packs, and aircraft. X-Plane does have a thriving amateur community creating content... but that is exactly like it sounds.Oh, the UI is clunky as hell and the loading times are a nightmare!All that being said, I do enjoy the feeling of flight in X-Plane 10 and it does run very well. If you only care about flight modeling and the feeling of flight, and can live with scenery that doesn't reflect the real world then this is a great sim and I recommend it. If you are new to sims, it's Steam access makes it a great and easy place to start. It's for these reasons that I am going to give X-Plane 10 a thumbs up."
,Recommended,292180,11323866,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Frog,Great to have this flight sim on Steam :) My Saitek x52 is getting a workout...
76561198051944396,Recommended,292180,11359928,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Swift,This is a very fun flight sim. There is not much in the way of a tutorial and no ingame missions. Once you figure out how to add dlc to the game your basically good to go though!
,Recommended,292180,11515974,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SgtStian,Best Flight Simulator i have playd! :-)
76561198102781895,Not Recommended,292180,21036698,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jag007,"It's a great game if you like comercial aviation simulators, graphics are good quality and flight dynamics are as good as they get. However it does not come with great planes, the ATC is awful and buggy and it lacks a world of stability, at least the Mac version. Around 30% of the times I fly it crashes, I cannot change plane once I'm in the game because it always crashes right after I do it, etc. Overall you spend 100s of euros in the game plus decent planes and scenery and it sucks that it doesn't even manage to function properly."
,Recommended,292180,12297103,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Citizen Townes,"While this game can be pretty system requirement heavy and the graphics may not be the best, it is an amazing flight sim for realism. The game's physics and navigation tools are amazingly detailed and accurate. The airfoil designer lets people have amazing aircraft for others to enjoy or allows people to modify the cockpit of existing stuff for instrument layouts to better reflect another style.  The game also emphasizes using proper air traffic control procedures, which I have yet to scratch the surface on.My only real beef with the game is the time compression being rather difficult to do at higher  multipliers, as the requirements are pretty high. I also find it missing some airports around the world, like in China, but I could easily add them myself with the creator tool."
76561198179450106,Not Recommended,292180,20854990,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Noah,"This game looks bad and when you try and start the game after you up the settings it won't start, I WANT MY MONEY BACK!"
76561198078677236,Recommended,292180,12306608,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,kengoblue,"I have flown FSX for years and years. I took xplane 10 for a spin and never looked back. Just more immersive it seems. AND they are continually working on the sim.Kudos to the devs, this thing is kind of incredible."
76561198074925604,Not Recommended,292180,16031391,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Flipflip648,I have no idea why this game wont work. It says that there is a screw up with danville rgnl airport and now it wont let me load it payed 60 dollars that went to waste i am so mad right now x-plane better fix this.
76561198010389251,Not Recommended,292180,14475279,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,wesley,"It took me 10 minutes to realize I had made a mistake purchasing this flight simulator and wishing Steam didn't have a no-refund policy.  A NASA 747 took off from a 5500' runway and plowed through houses on its takeoff roll before finally getting airborne. This is unbelievable in a modern, $60 flight simulator."
76561198007368022,Not Recommended,292180,14584253,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Miss Fortune,i really don't care for the view controls. The game is poorly designed and not intuitive at all. I do not recommend this flight sim
76561198020398354,Recommended,292180,19470925,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Picanha Grelhada,very gud
76561197967228796,Recommended,292180,13460062,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,c : \b1tchmaker.exe,"Good lfight model. Scenery is good, there's not really any airport detail though. But roads, lights, bridges, water, etc all look good."
,Recommended,292180,16869160,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cyprien (1003.6),Bigger map than GTA V
76561197999093985,Not Recommended,292180,15852495,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,wayne,"Try flight simulator, it far better and easier to use. Have not controller that fully works with x-plane 10 and who wants to use a menu from 1980s. Not even my thrustmaster hotas warthog works properly (just the very basic)."
76561198048475370,Not Recommended,292180,16462021,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jagman,"I totally dissagree with other reviews. This is one of the worst simulators I have purchased. I have purchased every FS since 1983 and to compare what you get for your money out of the box to FSX is ridiculous. FSX gives you graphics and missions and different airplanes all for the original price. This gives you almost nothing. The free scenery downloads from Steam are terrible. There is not even the statue of Liberty in New York. I have just downloaded over 30 Gig of scenery and it is so unrealistic I can't even compare to FSX. I will be asking for my money back from Steam! Never been so dissapointed in a game that I was so looking forward to getting.I would also like to add that compared to FSX, the cockpits seem to be non functional as a lot of the controls on the display do not do anything especially in the 747. I am not sure where or how this is considered the best Simulator unless there is a lot of geeky work I have to do to make it seem more real. After painstakingly setting up my complete flight yoke and pedals to operate all controls I actually find it is nowhere near a real. It seems very oversensitive with some controls and absolutely dead with others. With FSX it is really noticeable of the difference between flying and Airbus and a Boeing. Of coarse with Xplane you can't compare because you have such a limited choice and again the cockpits are archaic compared to FSX. The controls to pan around the cockpit are bad, when zoomed out all the way, you cannot see your controls and the windshield at the same time. I have this set up on  a 120"" screen and I have a massive windshield in my view or a massive set of controls. you have to pan up and down continually. I am really confused as to why this gets either very good reviews or terrible reviews. There must be something we are missing! If anyone knows what we, who are not recommending this program, are missing, I would really appreciate some feedback as this is one of the worst simulators/flight programs I have every used because of the lack of user friendly interface or GUI. Old fashioned menu's with way to many settings and selections. Kind of reminds me of the old DOS days where absolutely everything had to be inputted."
,Recommended,292180,12266727,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,♥‿♥ Meerish ♥‿♥,Great sim! just wish was in japanese lang :( would make easy to understand the text... Still fun once figure out commands on software... I would recommend this game to friends...!
,Recommended,292180,22855989,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Xenocide,Pretty Cool! Nice Planez Bro.
76561198044909183,Recommended,292180,13440357,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MICKA,Brilliant flight sim all round highly recommended
,Recommended,292180,13565316,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Phantom Stranger,Close to reality... :)
,Recommended,292180,13657611,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,craigmcn,Is this FSX or P3D? No. Is it better? No. How can you compare the two/three? First FSX is old but good and has a lot of add-ons for it. Same goes for P3D. X-Plane 10 has 64bit and better use of system hardware. Out of the box with the included scenery on most systems it will look better than FSX/P3D. Aircraft behave and react more realistically in X-Plane. Most airports have no scenery so it’s a barren world but it is easy to find DLC for most big airports around the world. You can make your own with the tool provided if you have the time and energy to do so. It’s a little harder to get started with X-plane but once you get the hang of it your good to go. It can do more than the others and has an easy API system to interface with if you know what you are doing. It’s more of a programmer’s sim as in if you can program there not much you can’t do with it.
,Recommended,292180,13227747,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,jovtoffie,"Kind-of disappointed in the latest Windows copy from Aerosoft as it will not start no matter what I try. No logs... anywhere... containing any info related to the error. Also verified the Game File Cache Integrity which doesn't help, Redownloaded the 16 (19?) GB twice on a slow connection. Not helping. Yeah, frustrating :) Checked file and directory permissions and ownership. Checked administrative priveleges. Not running in Compaibility mode. Yes, Steam is running. No, not in off-line mode. Yes, connected and logged in. Yes, Internet connectivity. Yes, restarted system. Gazillions of times.Windows 8.1 Pro 64 bit. 16GB RAM. NVIDIA GTX-750M 2GB GDDR5.Anyway, the game won't start becuase of an Error ""SteamAPI_Init() failed. Steam must be running to play this game"". There is no way for me to go back to the 10.25 final version without buying the DVD set also. Must I really spend more money to fix a stupid issue? Come on.Besides that, using the Steam Client DLC view also, always  takes me to the app's web page that says i can activate the optional DLC content using the steam client. Really? Where?With the knowledge that X-Plane (company) is not to blame, (just wondering if it was the right decision to give Aerosoft the resposibiity to build the steam version, I give both them and Aerosoft cudo's for their quick responses to my support requests. Think I'll get any support from the Steam developers? Sorry... no... they're too busy for them to answer e-mails, or too busy with other things for them to develop their support web site properly so I can add multiple attachments without losing the info on all the other fields.Last but not least, if you've got the DVD set, or thinking about getting it, this game is for you. If you've got the Steam Windows version, good luck. This is a really good game from what can be gleaned from all the videos and other resources out there. I highly recommend it to avid flight-simmers and even real pilots."
76561198324735665,Recommended,292180,33201590,Posted: 3 July,all,sgorza,"Its a great simulator. Being a pilot it is very practical to own a decent sim to practice and keep fresh. If you invest and buy the planes you fly, it will be an even better experience. I am using the xbox 360 controller and works perfect once you set it up. I bought Cessna 152 from Carenado and Tecnam p2002. Both great planes and fly and look just as the real ones."
,Recommended,292180,13881962,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,EvilCensor,After a disappointing purchase of X-Plane 9 on CD some while back (media wouldn't work) - I'm happy to say the X-Plane 10 is enough to make me overlook my past experience.This title offers more enjoyment than FSX or MS Flight and runs well on 3 monitors on high settings with a 4Gb 760GTX (though could always be smoother).  Also using Thrustmaster Warthog (configuration for this title is the simplest of any title I've found).Watching night traffic and spotting a police car zooming down the road is one small but nice touch.Sadly no Oculus support enabled atm.. but who needs the motion sickness anyway?In my opinion worth $29.99.
76561198158037429,Recommended,292180,25421921,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,kinkygirlinki,"The game is great,,, But if you ever have any trouble or problems with x-plane or steam there is NO CUSTOMER SERVICE to help you,,,, there is no contact number,,, NO HELP WHAT SO EVER,,,  Ive been locked out for a couple of days,,, sent endless emails to get some  help,,, AND NOTHING.... STEAM YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST IVE EVER COME ACROSS."
76561198153151529,Recommended,292180,16694213,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ignizzz0,amaizing
76561198170467870,Not Recommended,292180,19372313,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Consuela,"This game could be fun but I think there is some stuff that is missing if you download it directly from Steam.For example, I was able to use my joystick 100% in a Cessna but as soon I change of airplane, I wont not longer be able to see up and down with the joystick!! FSX steam graphics is better BUT Xplane effect is better! Xplane lacks of some stuff!"
76561198053428724,Not Recommended,292180,24139104,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,desmond97,"Gotta say, I have been trying to choose between the FS's on the market.Did a lot of research and decided that X Plane 10 was the one. Lots of sites to download freeware and payware if you so desire. I am very very angry to find that Steam version only downloads certain files when you hit the good old ""Purchase"" button. The upshot being that I cannot access any ""Core Program"" files which I have paid for. If I went to a shop and bought X plane 10 on DVD's that is the FULL program.Steam, have done their usual business model and you have to pay for all DLC, there is no freeware on offer regarding Aircraft / plugins/ Enhancements that are freely available to anyone with the full program on their hard drive.Come on Steam play the game and give people what they have paid for, access to the FULL X plane program.I for one feel that Steam have cheated me and will be applying or a refund on £44.99."
,Recommended,292180,20863558,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Depot_Shredder,"This is THE BEST flight simulator. There are a couple downsides compared to FSX/P3D/etc., but as a simulator it's much better. I am a real world pilot, and I can confirm this. Not only can I confirm this myself, I can get an even better opinion. My flight instructor was the person who finally convinced me to switch to X-Plane. I haven't touched FSX in months, and I have over 1000 hours in X-Plane. Also, X-Plane comes with some great tools. I use said tools to develop medium-to-high quality aircraft. If you had any doubts about buying X-Plane, throw them away. X-Plane is the most accurate simulator of them all."
,Recommended,292180,22970434,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Pilot # ✈,Awesome game that is near to realistic physics
,Recommended,292180,17530661,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Brynn,good
,Recommended,292180,25480102,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,StaircaseAbortion,Much better than FSX/P3D
76561198022444993,Recommended,292180,25428847,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Arroz2703,Best flight sim ever
76561198227642564,Recommended,292180,23551457,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Frey,So good
76561197997456004,Recommended,292180,24350323,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,MadMouse101,"Great flight simulator, my hours will go on this not FSX"
,Recommended,292180,15432107,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,hohum,Hands down best flight sim out there.
,Recommended,292180,11410605,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,survivorX,"Well yes I RTFM and I found the scenery. 1 pointInstalling the additional scenery was easy. 1 pointHappy with most of the aircraft and the level of detail in the cockpits. 1 point.It should be updated with virtual cockpits for all the aircraft, I like to look around and play with all the controls. -1 point.----------OLD REVIEW----------Item not as described, pretty dissapointing.No scenery (and no indication there wouldn't be any) so its just airports and waterSpend 60.00 and then spend another 30 for scenery...The virtual cockpits that work are nice"
76561197963584378,Recommended,292180,11908197,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,tozziFan,"although not a tool for learning (Flight Simulator X is a better one for that), this is a strong total flight simulator, with plenty of (free and payware) enhancements arounda flight contorl system is mandatory, with TrackIR it's even betternights over the cities are astonishingair traffic control is hugely weakno 3D vision because it's OpenGL driven"
76561198002321879,Recommended,292180,12017377,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bomboclut,"It's a very good simulator, it takes some getting used too, very diferent from FSX !!! I wish the multiplayer was easier to setup !"
,Recommended,292180,12066890,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,IamNabil,"When you first buy this game, it is a little bit cludgy, and not very pretty, but it has amazing potential. I've installed about half of the Carenado and Alabaeo aircraft, some free third open source high-quality scenery, running with SkyMaxx 2.0, and it looks amazing."
,Recommended,292180,13116968,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,wolfmanwolf,This simulation is truely a simulation. While it is far from perfect it's the closest I've ever seen. I've had way too much fun with it but I've had some problems with it crashing but I think it might have to do with my computer. I'm sure I'm going to have alot more fun in the future.
76561198193627447,Recommended,292180,15573760,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,stevebubla,"i bought and downloaded the digital x-plane on steam, and i can't find the x-plane folder on my max OS X. i only see the application. how do i add planes? every video i have seen on this shows a folder on OS X, but maybe they had the CDs when they downloaded the sim? please help, getting frustrated."
76561198131605193,Recommended,292180,13953811,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,deserthiker24,"I don't have a joystick or foot paddles.  It is nearly impossible to fly the planes with just your mouse.  Played for a week straight little to no sleep.  Hallucinating.  Now even with out the joy stick I'm doing barrel rolls at 100 ft and turning sideways betweed building in a 747.  Awesome great detail.  Addicting like heroin.  Could use some mission DLC to turn it from a high end simulator to a game like ETS 2.Would crash 10,000 times and miss a week of homework again. 10/10"
,Recommended,292180,13884591,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nickgovier,"I bought this because although I'm excited to see that Flight Sim X has been resurrected on Steam by Dovetail Games, it's still 8 years old, and I wanted to see how X-Plane has developed over the past 8 years.  I'm sure this is a good product, it sure looks very nice, but I wanted to flag a few things that new buyers should be aware of:1) X-Plane is the only 3D product I have ever used which isn't capable of changing the display resolution.  I'm running it on Windows 7 installed on a Retina MacBook Pro, which has a screen resolution of 2560x1600.  This is great for desktop work but awful for games, as that high a resolution on a mobile GPU means terrible performance.  This isn't an issue with any other game because you can set the resolution to 1280x720 to boost the performance and it still looks good on the 13"" screen.  However, if you set X-Plane to 1280x720, it draws that resolution in a tiny box in the middle of the 2560x1600 screen, which is basically useless.  If you want to run X-Plane at a lower resolution than your monitor, you need to change the Windows desktop resolution before loading X-Plane, which is a pain.2) Upon launching the game, I was parked on the end of a runway, ready to have a quick test flight to check out the graphics and performance.  However, it looks like there's no keyboard or mouse mapping for the flight stick - I was able to increase the throttles, adjust flaps, and get airborne, but there was no mapping for the aircraft flight controls!  Looking through the settings, I couldn't even see a mapping that I could change for these.  It turns out you can (technically) fly using the mouse - you have to click in the windshield of the 2D cockpit and you can then use the mouse to control the flight controls, but it's pretty nasty.  Also, this doesn't seem to work in 3D cockpit mode, which is my preferred view.3) To download the scenery, right-click on X-Plane in your Steam Library, and go to View Downloadable Content.  You can then click to download the other areas.  I was going to the X-Plane page in the Library, clicking on DLC on the right, which takes you to the DLC page on the Steam Store, where it was showing all the scenery packs as already in my library and ready to play, which was confusing (this is an issue with Steam's terrible user interface rather than X-Plane).I still recommend X-Plane, but you should be aware of the above issues if you're in a situation like myself."
,Recommended,292180,19513976,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lol k (aka techattax aka memer),"X-Plane 10 is one if the most stunning flight sim games on the market, The lighting is just incrediable. I recomend this game (or sim ;D) to anybody intrested in starting to learn about aviation or even real world pilots.Pros -VERY Good flight modelAmazing night lightingGood default aircraftWell detailed sceneryLots of community made addons (e.g. airport sceneries and aircraft)Cons -Sometimes the settings can be difficult to navigateSome defualt aircraft only have a 2D panel"
,Not Recommended,292180,21174978,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,murfpass,"I read all these reviews about it being very lifelike and accurate but I have yet to fly anything in this game where that's the case. I mostly enjoy the fighter jets and I can tell you the physics are just absolutely terrible. The plane will be flying sometimes almost sideways. It's just terrible. Coming from FSX, I can say that there's no way I can recommend this game over that. FSX might not be quite as detailed when it comes to like the trees and stuff but I'm in it for the flying of the plane, not the looks of the land around it."
76561198007363795,Recommended,292180,26367426,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ruff0549,"Great graphix, great airports, great planes. Just wish I could get my Saitek X52 Pro flight controls to work with it. Thank goodness for the forethought of Xplane in next version Xplane11 where they said that 70% of the standard functions will be set up for us! Can't wait!"
76561198135752672,Recommended,292180,13868506,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Silverforest,I would recomend this game if you don't have fsx already and you want a flight sim - it is quite similar to fsx
,Recommended,292180,13872769,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,(Jim) fruitypebbz | skinhub.com,Awesome game! the only flight simulator programmed at 64 bit. Recommended for any new simmers that are looking for the right game compared to FSX & Prepar3d.
76561198013907351,Recommended,292180,13873542,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mdiesel95,"I hopped into the cockpit of a cessna and I felt like a pilot, and now the daunting task of learning to fly, Wow here we go!"
76561198091156302,Recommended,292180,13743699,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/wronnocgaming,boo how do you even star up plane wait im wr ong i did it
,Recommended,292180,21008726,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LeChuck,"a nice sim, not perfect but not terrible. It lacks some features like better ATC compared to FSX.It needs more support from simmers to continue growing, so buy it!"
76561198052330390,Recommended,292180,20709385,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Capt_Insano,"First, this is not a game it is a simulator.  Compared to FSX it has better flight dynamics.  I have over 10,000 hours in several multi-engine jet aircraft and it has the feel and reaction of the real thing.  FSX feels like driving a bus  compared to x-plane.  ATC is better in FSX and is okay for a simulator.  X-plane ATC is so bad I never use it.  I plan my routes to include descent and setting myself up for an approach without ATC because it is just unusable and doesn't even come close to the real thing.Scenery in x-plane is better for atmospheric conditions and the out of the box terrain is comparable to FSX out of the box.  FSX does have better add-on scenery available.  X-plane surpasses FSX on the actual runway.   X-plane runways follow the terrain and are very realistic.  FSX has better stock aircraft than x-plane so plan on adding a payware aircraft unless general aviation is your thing.If checklist are your thing, FSX add-on aircraft like PMDG 737NGX are probably better than many x-plane add-on aircraft from a switchology standpoint.  I have the PMDG 737NGX for FSX and the FJS 737-200 for x-plane.  Systems functionality is more realistic with the high end FSX add-ons, but x-plane add-ons are comparable and generally cheaper.  Cockpit graphics are better in FSX, but x-plane is catching up.  Weather conditions more accurately affect the aircraft in x-plane.  Try a 30 knot crosswing landing in FSX and x-plane and there is a noticable difference with x-plane being very realistic.It all depends on the desires of each simer.  If you are really into checklist procedures and in depth systems operations then get FSX and pay for a high end add-on like a PMDG aircraft.  If flight dynamics and a very realistic feel to the aircraft  that is close to the real deal then get x-plane.  I prefer x-plane and if it had a decent ATC I would probably uninstall FSX and exclusively go with x-plane.  I split time between the 2 right now.  Hope this helps anyone trying to make a decision."
,Recommended,292180,24368756,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Gasman,"Absolutely the best modern flight sim featuring aerodynamic modelling at 64-bit performance, cross-platform compatibility, and a growing add-on community with great support."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,292180,11326298,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"I still prefer FSX because i can fly there without having to fight with the aircraft that is wanting to turn right without any aileron or AP locked for that reason. Also, i still prefer FSX because XP10 ATC is an horror movie.PROSGood graphics, it's much better in 75% of the aspects than FSXWide range of fly configurations ( failures, scenarios, probabilities etc... )It has Almost every airfield or helipad in the worldMore instrumental cored ( So is very good if you like to fly tunned to your cockpit )WAYYY Better physics than FSXBetter engine for sound adaptation than FSXGood game engineGreat freeware easy to make editors for airfields and mapsGreat flyplay immersionThe camera effects and 3D makes the game looks more realistic at some points ( ex landings )CONSMost airfields are just runways and taxiways.Terrain on SA, Africa, Asian and Oceania are low-resolution lamesThe seasons doesn'tt change the map texturesVanila ATC is a joke ( very very joke )No crash or colition zones between airplanesConfiguring the controls require more time than in FSXThere is no Vanilla MP, so you have to download external plugins and create accounts.Much more less GA planes than in FSX with limited cockpit stillATC/ATIS voices on vanilla are wierd.Enjoy strugling with the sim for the best resolution-scale in your monitor.Very Very Very few airplanes and sceneries in the community, even the paywares.You feel in a ""dead"" world, different from FSX.Very VERY slow rate of updates and DLCs, almost non-existent.Overall: It could be a great sim but it still lacks LOTS of implementations concerning airplanes, sceneries, world textures, ambient ATC, ATC and the ATC.I believe that most players here would be proud to pay 100 or even 200$ for a flight sim with XP10 engine but with lots of sceneries, REALISTIC AND NUMEROUS AIRPLANES and a decent ATC and ambients.."
,Recommended,292180,25478562,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,马云 Mid.SEA,Well it is a very good simulator . At first I thought this simulator is very hard so I request for the refund but after that I decide to get this simulator again because you need to spend more time to do research for this simulator and at last you will enjoy the simulator :)
76561198192456462,Not Recommended,292180,16542736,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lolzface92,"Good graphics and realistic road/highways systems. However, the skylines, such as Wichita, KS or Dallas, TX aren't realistic. AT ALL. Just blocks. Blocks for buildings. Night time scenery isn't even CLOSE to realistic. No lights on these blocks they call ""skyscrapers"" either. FSX had accurate skylines and perfect night time scenery. Good game, but wouldn't recommend it for people who expect realistic EVERYTHING. Should've bought FSX..."
76561198161989289,Not Recommended,292180,20228071,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cody.w.baker,"If you're both a Mac user and a flight simulator player like me then I'm sorry, you're screwed; X-plane is the only major platform flight sim for us, at least that I'm aware of. When I decided to uninstall Boot Camp et al for more drive space, I thought X-plane would be on par with MS Flight Simulator X. After all, most people in the sim community talk about the two games concurrently. And X-plane is very proud of how their aerodynamic models are better than those of FSX. Now, after +240 hours on X-plane, I can say that those aerodynamic models seem to have come at the cost of every other aspect of the game.Here's the good: most of the time, you can sync real world weather into the game. Also there is a good size community of free- and pay-ware DLC too. Finally, the flight models are great. A note on that last point, from where I'm sitting they are no better than FSX for the vast majority of flying.Here's the bad: the ATC is worse than useless. The game crashes often. The real weather updates every hour and every new map and the changes are immediate. The UI is a pain. And lastly there are errors in the weather radios.The ATC is breathtakingly bad. Here's the bottom line up front; you either file an IFR clearance or you don't use your radios at all. There is no in between. If you aren't on an IFR plan, there are no ground controllers, no towers, no traffic, nothing at all. It’s a radio wasteland for anything but weather. When you do want to file an IFR, the overwhelming majority of the time, I cannot get it to respond at all. I've looked up online help and searched the forums, but from where I like to fly out of (KUAO) they just do not respond. It’s a complete failure, and nothing ruins the immersion more than taking off at KLAX without talking to a single controller.The weather sync is interesting and fun, but it makes the game more unstable. It also makes flying more interesting than it needs to be. When I said, “the changes are immediate,” I meant one second the wind is 030@13 and the next moment, it’s at 240@30. It makes things very interesting indeed. I've had it go from sunny to stormy in as long as it took to read this sentence. And the manual weather UI is, along with a lot of other points in the UI, useless. Random weather? Okay but it'll be 20 degrees C most of the time. Want to see where your plane is on the world map? Okay but click anywhere on the globe and poof, your transported there, oh and at the same altitude. My An-24 (a really well done payware machine I really recommend) responds badly to being transported into the inside of a mountain. Finally, I know at least some of the AWOS channels are wrong, for example KAST gives you the weather for Olympia, WA, which is not near to the airport.In summary, the X-plane people seemed to have focused on only one part of making a flight simulator: the flight. And it's great, it really is, however, it comes at the expense of everything else in the game. It’s hard to enjoy the flight dynamics when you're on final at KSFO with silent radios and a cross wind that just changed 180 degrees in less than a second. I think comparing X-plane to FSX is like comparing a super car and a sports car for a daily driver, let's say the Porsche 911 GT2 RS to a Porsche 911 Carrera. Both are great cars; fast, fun, and exciting. The first can do +200mph. But the second has air conditioning and a radio. Which do you think you'll use more?"
76561198203630157,Not Recommended,292180,21168968,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,puckay,"Not very userfriendly, mostly good looking. Might be a good sim but I wouldn't reccommend this at all.Unless you really care about good looks I'd much sooner recommend FSX, even though that's a rather old game itself.This game is mostly interesting when you are into stuff like p3d. But if you are into that you're probably better of with the x-plane pro (or something) version, which is even more expensive.DLC's are available in ridiculous numbers, as is other supporting software, but that is only interesting if you are *really* serious about simming I guess, because it gets expensive really quickly, and this game doesn't offer much from itself except  some planes and alot of ground and air, but no real interface, no flight planning, no tutorials or other tool to guide or teach.That's what I call an imcomplete product, and personally I think that this sim is hardly worth half of what it costs today (about 60 euro's)."
76561198093567598,Recommended,292180,16122706,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,baymax,wont run in full version for me :(
,Not Recommended,292180,11861849,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Ric Flair,"Unfortunately I can't recommend this game/simulator. As a base game compared to FSX (which is still the best flight sim unfortunately) it's not very good. I downloaded a ton of GB's of data and I don't know where it went but I don't see anything worth all the storage this application takes up. I just did a takeoff from KORD and there were trees in the middle of the runway. I don't know how/why this happens but that was the straw that broke the camel's back and when I decided to write this review. I wish every stock plane had virtual cockpit. The 2d cockpits on the models in the app are awful. I really regret spending $60 on this. Wish I saved the money and bought some payware for FSX. While this app does have better graphics, you can get mods for FSX to make it more realistic. I don't like that you can't (or maybe I just don't know how) communicate with ATC. FSX you can communicate with ground, tower, center, etc. so every flight feels like you're really flying even though the tower sounds like the computer from Wargames. I also like in FSX how it's easy to use the autopilot and NAV radios. Makes it easy to tune into ILS.The surroundings aren't that great either. Random buildings everywhere instead of actual landmark buildings. This definitely takes away from the realism of a sim.I spend all of my time on this app doing landings. That's one of the best things I've been doing with this app. Pick an airport, then it gives you 3 or 10 mile final. Loading times are a  pain in the butt and that's a shame. I'm on a 4790K and it still takes about a minute to go from ""launch"" on steam to getting to an airport.Anyway, If I were myself a couple of weeks ago (when I bought this app) I would advise myself not to buy it. I advise you not to buy it either. Spend the money you would have paid for this and buy some payware for FSX. Wish steam offered refunds because I would have done so about 2 hours after I started using this app."
76561197974688776,Recommended,292180,11316845,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,terrorpapst,"I've been flying X-Plane since version 7 and spent countless hours in the virtual cockpit of this simulator. I'm very please to see it on steam now, so that we don't have to carry 8+ DVDs anymore.X-Plane 10 is what it says on the tin. An extremely realistic flight simulator. I comes with a complete high-res world scenery package and a descent collection of standard aircraft out of the box. Yet it's not a game that takes your hand and tells you what to do. It's a flight simulator that requires some commitment to get the most out of it. You'll literally learn how to fly along the way.Like with other flight simulators the real power lays in modification. There are tons of free custom airport sceneries out on the web, many of which are quite stunning. The same goes for planes. For a long time free resources dominated X-Plane, yet in recent years high quality payware Add-Ons of stunning quality emerged, so that even the most pampered Flight Simulator use finds very well made airliners, photorealistic sceneries and so on.My setup consists of hundreds of custom airports, dozens of payware aircraft (mostly airliners) and a small array of tools like PFPX to do the flight planning. With that I conquer the world almost daily. For long flights I often chose the Flightfactor Boeing 777 while shorter hops are a lot of fun using one of Peters Aircraft A320 or A321 models. Looking for a realistic A380? No problem, there's one. More of a Boeing guy? Go forthe 747-8i then. Not into airliners at all? Have fun with the KingAir 200 or a Cessna Corvalis TT. Why not a Challenger 300 business jet for a change. Oh and there's the occasional flighter trip you can do for thrills at supersonic speeds. Too slow? Take the space shuttle for a few circles around the earth.My point here is that X-Plane 10 is what you make of it. It's an open world, literally, that allows you to fly as close to the real thing as you can get.It doesn't blow the budget on hardware (I run it with rather high setting on 500$ hardware!), yet doesn't have any limits to what it can take hardware wise as well. So whatever you throw at it, it will only look better.The weather engine is quite detailed. Weather may be generated at random, drawn out on a map or finetuned. Want the real weather? Just download it and don't forget to check your weather radar (yes there's one!)After years of using X-Plane I never grew tired of it. If you're looking for a modern, realistic, extendable and smooth running flight simulator, X-Plane is a great choice and I can only recommend it. If you're unsure, check out the official website for the free demo. Check out the community, which provides a lot of useful information and creates new resources, most of them free, on a daily basis.See you in the skies!"
76561198165520113,Not Recommended,292180,13602299,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mauibuilt12,"If you are a Serious Fligh sim User do not go this route to use Xplane 10.  Planes, Scenery, instraments and adding aircraft are all over the internet to add to your Xplane, and make your use of it more educational and life like,, sorry to say with steam its not available to do this, Adding aircraft is a paid offer on here and the Scenery isnt the best option for this sim."
76561198053171727,Recommended,292180,11632438,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Recycled,Buy this if you want the best flight sim available.  On a triple screen system with controls this is absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,292180,11438096,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ᶠᶸᶜᵏ♥ᵧₒᵤ,"This sim is amazing. Very Realistic, and amazing mods. Hope they get some payware as DLC."
76561198052349000,Recommended,292180,11367486,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,me,"The simulator requires you to be 'logged in' (I assume Steam login is what it wants) which means an internet connection id required.  This is not mentioned in the minimum requirements.  Maybe there is a setting I am not seeing.  Otherwise, this thing is beautiful!"
,Recommended,292180,11826686,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dem glasses is shit innit,"Good game/sim, but I learnt one thing: I really REALLY suck at flying planes lel.It's very detailed and, seemingly pretty accurate. I've never flown a plane, but seems pretty accurate to me."
,Recommended,292180,11425718,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TMatzelle60,"X-Plane 10 Global is a probably one of the most realistic flight simulators out there. Anyone looking to fly commerical aircraft will really enjoy this simulator. Steam members must realize that this simulator is not FSX and you will think that when you purchase it there is no airports. Please visitX-Plane.organd sign up.X-Plane.orghas its own personal store with great addons for a great price. The website also has a huge database of downloads including top quality airports, airplanes and other typers of scenery. I give this simulator 5 stars because of the in depth feeling and the community base of addons. Another great point about the steam version of X-Plane 10 is not having to put a CD into the drive or having to buy a dongle to let you play without the cd.Steam members who have not played any other types of flight simulators this simulator is realistic to the point and will take a lot of learning. Give it time, get some addons fromX-Plane.organd you will enjoy this simulator very much"
,Recommended,292180,11906089,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Tyler Park,"I would give X-Plane a 3.5 out of 5. If you have played FSX, then you should be fine playing X-Plane but if you haven't I recommend playing FSX first. I really like how you can walk around your plane unlike FSX, I would just set it to autopilot and then sit in the back of my private jet lol. The only thing I really didn't like is the ATC and the flight route. In order to set the flight route I had to goto some website to generate the flight route file, move the file into the route folder somewhere on my desktop, and then load the flight route file into the plane which took me ages because there was so many buttons. And for the ATC I just gave up on that lol. Since the major cities don't look like the real world cities, I recommend getting some city scenery from Ted's X-Plane scenery site (Its free!)."
76561197972038579,Not Recommended,292180,14590657,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hellraiser69,"Most large airports have no buildings. The included aircraft are mediocre at best. Flight dynamics are ok so far. Graphics engine looks quite good. AI traffic is not much to speak of. All in all it is not really better than the open source sim FlightGear. FlightGear is free, this one costs a lot."
76561198041655834,Not Recommended,292180,13886495,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,durag1,"Controls are terrible! Won't stay calibrated! Views are bad also. Microsoft Flight Sim X a whole lot better!!! Don't have any problems or issues with Microsoft Flight Sim X.  Played this game 30 minutes and I'm done. Don't waste your money because no refunds! You buy it, you'll regret it! Got it for $30 is better than $60. Worth $0 my opinion!"
76561198223474640,Not Recommended,292180,15422866,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,mikesmithc21,"Well, I have found the scenery to be wanting.  The airport I fly out of and the cities are limitedly the same at best.  The only item even close is a near by mountain.  Also, the CH products do not seem to calibrate well so I need to you my mouse.  Microsoft Flight Simulater's scenary was much closer to reality.  Seems like a wee bit of the statements may have been misleading.  One other thing, if you fly an unknow aircraft and it crashes because the controls do not claibrate well, the program will not staart.  Perhaps someone will have a fix for my problems"
76561198209309256,Not Recommended,292180,14540624,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,onehellofafangirl976,thought it was going to be good i wasted money
,Recommended,292180,11366515,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rody Cock 34,That's a game. That's simulation and it's awesome.
,Recommended,292180,11440099,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,DELEWATTS O+,born to be a flight simulator! Don't expect more or less! FTW!
,Recommended,292180,11579641,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Stevy,"It's not cheap, but once you install all the planes and scenery and plugins you want (takes ages until you're happy with what you've got), and once you set the rendering options to something reasonable for your PC specs (this sim can easily melt most high end GPUs), nothing beats X-Plane for realism.Go tox-plane.org, find the downloads section and spend a few hours downloading the highest rated plugins, aircraft and airport models. Then go tosimheaven.comto download real photoscenery and finally install Xsqauwkbox to connect to VATSIM for multiplayer.Recommended plugins: FlyWithLua (install 'real terra haze' script), Python (install ground services plugin), simcoders headshaker, airport navigator, visual altimeter, landing speed, enhanced runways hd."
,Recommended,292180,12194805,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Joker King,"Im going to give this simulation a thumbs up for being an overall realistic and having stunning beatiful graphics from the planes themselves to the luscious sceneries. The only negative to this positive is that fact that a lot of the extra aircraft you look for to add on to the simulation you have to pay extra for which is down right rediculous in my opinion considering you pay a good $60 just for the base simulation itself. Also there are alot of ""free"" aircraft and scenery out there to download but it can be a very tedious pain in the rear to even download those for the simulation. 9/10"
76561198126093353,Recommended,292180,13731732,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,tippy,best game ever
76561198043295109,Recommended,292180,19218041,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,sub_zero09,sombody can hel with joystick congigur
76561198134474762,Recommended,292180,25010406,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,guy_robert,I love it but it mite be lage
76561198267647472,Recommended,292180,21944653,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dheeraj.kmc07.dc,"Ever since I have purchased this game, I am not able to play. I don't know how it works. How to fly for first time. No tutorials are there for the same. What to do?"
,Recommended,292180,16626705,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Soldier_BLG18,cool
,Recommended,292180,11945113,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,PandaHammer,"the best flight sim there is.  FSX? yeah, it's pretty in places, but it's buggy as balls and really old.  I also noticed the other day that you can't get a plane to flat spin!!This is not a game.  It can be played like one, I personally like taking up an F14 and flying from wales to Scotland as fast as I can, or racing halfway round the planet in an SR71, while listening to my favorite music on spotify.This is a SIMULATOR.  if you can do it in x-plane, it is possible in real life and the inverse applies.  The torque on a single prop craft will pull you to one side, meaning you have to trim the plane to get it to fly straight.  Control surfaces can be damaged by high speed or over G, the depth of this sim is amazing.Well worth the price, the full world scenery can be found in properties->dlc and ticking the boxes when you buy the game."
,Recommended,292180,18108010,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Entire Population of China,I highly reccomend this game
76561198216704351,Recommended,292180,30179055,Posted: 25 February,all,tracegilbert,"awful controls, cant even figure out how to turn"
,Recommended,292180,14453079,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Felitero | tipofthehats.org,It's fun.
76561198034052121,Recommended,292180,21010757,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ulysses.S.Grant,as real as it can get x plane 10 thumbs up!!!!
,Recommended,292180,20714922,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SSG.Bell.K,"For those of you that are just starting for flight simulators this is not nesseciarily a plug-and-play game. It's hard, very hard. But it is the most rewarding simulator that I've played to date. I personally am not a pilot but have flown VFR on small planes in real life before and this game really does bring back those memories of me being in the air!If you are looking for something that you have to really buckle down and learn about, this is the software for you!"
76561198139936170,Recommended,292180,26423200,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ksheppeard,"Hey Steam creators! I have news for you! You guys are trying to rob me blind of my X-Plane 10 aircraft just so I can ""reinstall"" it,AGAIN! This is the SECOND TIME I have had to ""reinstall"" X-Plane 10! Please fix that by hopefully early 2017. That would make me happy! I don't want to have to ""reinstall"" X-Plane 10 AGAIN and have to write another review like this again. Thank you!"
76561198293553256,Not Recommended,292180,22219526,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,bbnixea,This looks like an amazing sim yet all I know now is I lost 59.99.  Game keeps crashing as it loads. Notpc savvy so if anyone can provide any info it would be welcomed. Done more reading the past few days trying to troubleshoot than I have in the past 2 months.Right now Im stuck with just imagining how good this really is.
76561198059843805,Not Recommended,292180,17096198,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Craigasaurus,"I bought this after playing a bit of MS FSX, thinking it would be an up-dated equivalent. Plus FSX didn't seem very stable on Windows 8. Yes the graphics here are nicer, and I'm sure the physics are better, but coming at this from a non-flight sim pro, I've regretted the purchase.There are no tutorials to help you get to grips with the controls, and no missions to add a bit of fun to proceedings. Overall it feels like you're playing a tech-demo, not a finished game.I've since bought FSX Steam Edition which although the graphics are obviously worse than this game,  for me it is a much better game. Maybe for the experienced, dedicated flight simmer, X-Plane 10 is a better choice, but for anyone else, I'd not recomment this game.If you want to learn to fly, the tutorials and learning centre in FSX would make that game a much better purchase. Failing that DCS World isn't a bad choice either. Plus you get bombs in that!"
76561198131242414,Recommended,292180,16344612,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,EcoYT,Does any1 know why the cockpit screen is flat?
76561198205710171,Not Recommended,292180,17486465,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,stevomoore1985,Do not bother with this game. It doesnt work properly and when you ask for a refund they tell you that you have used the gme for longer than 2 hours. I have not used this game longer than two hours because I dont get time to play it that much. Steam add on time so they don't have to refund you. Even saying that the game no longer works doesnt get a refund. No one to contact other than an automated response. If you want my advice stick to FSX its much better.
76561198030079998,Not Recommended,292180,17056518,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Naythan,Rubbish. Lack of 2D cockpits has no real world application and unless you have a 100 000 setup like that which is foudn in some flying schools it's not worth getting for anything more than having fun.
76561198175384203,Recommended,292180,32670752,Posted: 23 June,all,tsappasis,good
76561198027502541,Recommended,292180,12014635,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"Very accurate scenery, not the best environmental graphics but managable.Proper crash and damage animations would be a big improvement.This is a game that is worth 60 bucks, Activision.."
76561198153775569,Recommended,292180,16031724,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,mynamesjeff,I highly recommend this game if you like flight simulator games:)i recommend getting a joystick so its easier to fly planes.
,Recommended,292180,15848143,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gamerpaddy,DLC's way too many and too expensive.but better than fsx
76561198082978225,Not Recommended,292180,13866425,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,InsideCorrosion,"Overhyped, overpriced. Have spent all game time trying to get this to run in my monitor's native resoulution of 3840 x 2160 but the mouse pointer keeps dissapearing, which can only be rectified by deleting settings file. Cant use TAB or keyboard to navigate through the Hideous UI. Tried a test flight on default resoulution and the virtual world is poor even with the bundled europe scenery and the lack of 3rd party addons is another serious blow to this product.One of the most dissapointing purchases I ve made on steam so far. X-Plane 10 will reside in my 'Trash' folder along with Demolition Simulator and Viscera Clean Up Detail for the foreseeable future. I may reinstall in a year or so see if things have changed but for now I will stick with FSX, I suggest you do the same."
,Not Recommended,292180,21914723,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,EvilJoven,"Comparing X-Plane 10 to Flight Simulator X is like comparing Linux to Windows.X-Plane 10 is in a lot of ways technologically better than FSX.In every other way, it's a giant nuisance to use."
76561198097913213,Recommended,292180,11287068,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,lauren,"Don't let my small amount of played hours mistaken you, I've spent months over months flying this sim and I still do. So let me start straight from the end - It's the best civil sim right now on the market. BUT IT!"
76561198128265189,Not Recommended,292180,15203531,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,pinehurs,"not impressed , recycled , unfinished ,  jfk looks like a looks like a camp ground , the planes look great from the outside , and this is state of the art ?  ... alright  I took off from grand canyon park and looked really good in and out , so there are some locations and some planes stock that look very good but you need to invest in aftermarket scenary and planes to really enjoy it, otherwise, well i guess you just fly to enjoy the physics."
,Not Recommended,292180,20775889,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,yoman2313,I would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,292180,24766081,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fuzzkat,"Excellent physics model (referenced by XKCD's Randall Munroe in ""What If?""), it blew Microsoft's Flight Simulator out of the water when it came on to the sim scene and rightly so.  The atmosphere effects are beautiful and the level of detail was asounding - although that level of detail came at a cost of very high system spec requirements.However, there is an open source alternative - FlightGear - which is free to download and has arguably better graphics, yet performs better on the same hardware.  It's hard to justify spending 50 quid on X-Plane these days when there is such a high quality competitor available."
76561198051133419,Recommended,292180,11362442,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,dhxjnauxjeb,Fun they should add the steam workshop so people can uplode their own planes.
76561198150278748,Recommended,292180,11748254,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,msalum,"Hi I just download x-plane global and theres no scenery, only water arround airports... What can I do?"
,Not Recommended,292180,14547767,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Riggsgamer1,I grew up on the MS Flightsim games. This game is very poorly designed. Very upset with the airport detail (Buildings and such) as there is none. Flight mechanics not very well designed.  Auto Pilot very hard to configure if the aircraft has any. Virtual cockpit graphics very poorly designed. Overall don't waste your money. If you were a fan of MS Flightsim models DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,292180,11359648,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ガツさし,It asks me to enter an activaton serial number but I cant find it anywhere!Checked my purchase confirmation email from Steam and a few google searching but I still cant find it!What's going on!
76561198031030804,Recommended,292180,12004415,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,alantti,the ♥♥♥♥ing morons failed to get the dlc download to work.
,Recommended,292180,13644330,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Paulcam,I wish I could fly some of these planes for real. The realism of this game is great!
76561198312486086,Recommended,292180,24027316,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,faqihsabri,how do u get more planes
76561198245472400,Not Recommended,292180,18169178,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,GRK,"while i was trying to get the X_Plane 10 Global program to run following their advise they classified it as ""PLAYING"" then when i could not get it to work thay stated that the time spent trying to get it to work disqualified me for a refund. Luckly i used a Credit Card and will dispute the claim and i advise anyone else to do the same"
76561198077886135,Not Recommended,292180,17151374,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,#BIGMISTAKE out now https://soun,"This was and is the first flight-sim I have bought and played. I was so excited when a ""modern-day"" flight sim came along, at least not A military flight sim.1. Textures: Airports and cities have basically nothing besides a strip of tarmac and copy-paste of all of the buildings, which do not look great as is. I thought this would be normal for a game that has such an enourmous world size, but after comparing it to other sims this is definetly not the case. If you want a good-nice looking game out of box without having to download many types of freeware that are not compatible, this is definetly not the game for you.2. Mouse and keyboard: I currently play with a ""CH Products Flight Sim Yoke"" which works perfecttly well on most of my games on my mac(yes unfortunetly I do not have a gaming PC YET. But this is another reason I was limited to Xplane instead of FSX or other sims.) When I tried flying the stock cessna with a mouse and keyboard I apperently can fly like a blue angels pilot or have broken physics. The ability to make 60 degree turns with the slide of a mouse in under a second was insane and if you are looking for a game where you can do that, knock yourself out, but I am writing a review for a flight sim, not a game.3. No tutorials: Like I said, first flight sim. I had very little knowledge of how to use the given aircraft and had to go through many youtube tutorials to understand the basics of the sim. If we again compare this to FSX, we can see why this is an extreme downfall.4. Very Simple AI: The AI can do about 3 things1) take an hour to take off announcing 10 times that they are crossing a certain runway2)mimic your aircraft to simulate ""formation flying"" which responds the exact second you do and looks like a copy-paste onto the screen.3) attempt to land5. very confusing control tower clearences and controls: Control towers are extreamy hard to find and when you do they are rather difficult to understand given that there are no tutorials. I understand that this isn't a sim that is ment to teach you everything about flying, but not being to understand any of the commands coming up to takeoff given by the control tower becomes annoying.What needs to happen for this sim to be ""fixed""1. Include many new textures of the land, airports, and surrounding cities FOR FREE, I paid $60.00 for this, I mean come on!2.Realistic mouse controls3.Tutorials on just the basics. Takeoff and tower communication. Preflight checks, actual takeoff, radar control, auto pilot, etc.4.AI that respond well with control towers and edited to quite an extent5. Have a control tower at each major airport and use tutorials to enable everyone to communicate and understand orders and information well."
76561198103418263,Not Recommended,292180,17091799,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,hick3r10,If you are thinking it's better than FSX your are wrong .Don't waste your moneyFSX is far far better than this garbaege the only problem FSX have is 64 support
76561198041054483,Not Recommended,292180,17587487,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Illuminator,i had no idea how to play since there was no tutorial and the controls were too complicated
76561198151953831,Recommended,292180,12078137,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Shane.Offord,How do I install new aircraft?
76561198059748375,Recommended,292180,18938988,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,barlowjoseph69,hi my name is joseph barlow i just bought this game but i dont know how to get up the cabin crew on my xplane 10 could anyone could help me please cheers
76561198048048796,Recommended,292180,21482554,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
,Not Recommended,292180,18909285,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,waidmanns manns manns manns HEIL,"Simply I can't recommend to any friend, this game is so hard to configure and so complicated.I downloaded some extra aircrafts and cannot see the overhead because the camera sucks only the aircraft which come to the game can have a full visibilitygraphics are amazing but there arent any tutorial or something teaching how to do the first fly or anythingSUCKS..."
76561198153526686,Recommended,292180,12020820,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,tonyw123,no options carnt transfer function's to joystick no full screen?
76561198145074396,Recommended,292180,11551776,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,nandi,"does not work with wide resolution, surround spanning on three monitors (5900x1080)Old FSX wokrs perfect..."
76561198165505383,Recommended,292180,13214898,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,shlokjain60,"How do i get free addons for this simulator, For instance if you buy the DVD, then you get a folder for XPlane 10, not the application. So i was wondering how to get free addons for xplane 10, (i bought this game from steam).thanks"
76561198164162096,Recommended,292180,30212920,Posted: 26 February,all,rupehaus,its awesome
,Not Recommended,292180,13781953,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BillyR,"""Been in development continuously for almost 20 years.""...REALLY? My co-pilot looks like the dude from Minecraft! The UI looks like it was made for the Amega from back in the 80's. This may be a great simulator under the hood but the user interface is a real piece of history. My hometown airport has a lake and the Black Forest were the runways are supposed to be. Not recommended unless you just want to train on IFR because the graphics are meh."
76561197982515042,Not Recommended,292180,14758239,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,badmj,no good
,Not Recommended,292180,13906997,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,iamblagged,"Compared to FSX, this sim is a complete mess."
76561198061570972,Not Recommended,292180,23402804,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Q8apatche,simply i wish i can get my money back
,Not Recommended,292180,19665273,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ортодоксальный и,"Overpriced, all time low physics quality and so much loopholes in the trailer. it has the physics quality of a flash game. It's kinda good and fun, but you get tired of it really quick. I was really exited to buy it becase the trailer looked freaking amazing and high quality, but it's low graphics, the ""cars"" in the trailer suck,and if you want to get the ""Terminals"" they say they have in the trailer, yo have to pay $30 to get one in one single airport! When you get to a certain altitude, it also shows crappy rendered pixelly landscape! Don't buy this rip off flash game they call a simulatoryou owe us a Freaking apoligy and a refund ""witty"" producers of X-Planethis is for ripping us offInstead of███████▄▄███████████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░█░░░░██████▀░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀on facebook, I'd prefer to───────────────────██──────────────────█─██──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█──────────────────█───█▓──────────────────█───▓█──────────────────█───░█──────────────────█───░█──────────────────█░░░─█───────────▓███──██▓▓███───────────██──▓██▓────██───────────█▓────█▓─────▓█───────────█▓─────█──────░███████─────█▓─────█────────█████████▓███░──────█──█▓────██░░░░░░█───────────█░███────█▓▓██████─────────────█▓██────█████████░────────────────────▓█▓██████░────────────────────░█▓██████░────────────────────▓█▓██████░────────────────────█▓▓██████░────────────────────█▓██████░───────────────────██▓███░██░──────────────────█▓███──██████████████████████████"
,Not Recommended,292180,17701612,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MixFix,"This Has to be the Worst flight sim its been my displeasure to waste £50 on.nothing works as it should,even the most basic,like joystick control to garmin route programing is crapp.I read the reviews and most raved about this sim,I was torn between this and microsofts fsx...Sorry i didnt go for fsx..points out of 10, I would be kind to give it 3 period!"
,Not Recommended,292180,15622819,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Markus,slow motion simulator with very long loading times...can not use.
,Not Recommended,292180,19433474,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,acra123,sucks and does not meet my expectations
76561198046109469,Not Recommended,292180,22292383,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Evil Monkey,"I love this game, but the DLC is out of control! You shouldn't have to pay for things like scenery."
76561198059773056,Not Recommended,292180,23255782,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,onceuponahunter,programming  problems between 64 bit and 32 bit
76561198006809174,Not Recommended,292180,23439857,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Asparian,"If you consider that out of the box FSX, with its smaller disc footprint, includes huge numbers of landmarks and fun places to fly around, you would be forgiven for thinking X-plane 10 would, judging from its elphantine footprint, be much better. Instead you are required to spend a week downloading external files just to add the most famous world buildings. X-plane 10 is simply not a finished product. In the past it may have been reasonable to have the community help with developing it, but after all this years, X-plane is nothing more than a scrounger living off the hard work of others.If you want to fly IFR between far flung places, x-plane is great. If you to enjoy great landmarks of the real world, forget it.The X-plane community defend this shoddy behaviour like rabid fan-bois - ""If you're not willing to spend some time setting it up, then you aren't serious."" Well folks, selling a game for £45 (and yes, this is a game, not a simulator!) and not including the most basic of famous landmarks makes X-plane very much a pre-release product. Having read about the main ""personality"" running the x-plane franchise, I should have known. So, enjoy your ""hyper real"" joyless simulator. One day you will learn, the fun is buzzing the ground and scraping landmarks with your wings just centimeters from disaster, not flying everywhere at 40,000ft or over a landscape which all looks like Oklahoma - but with less movement and shorter trees.Oh, and one day you'll try an actual simulator and realised you wasted a large part of your life on a pale imitation."
76561198096413603,Recommended,292180,11413708,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bobmcboberson,WHATT AM I DOINGGGGGG
76561198078022970,Not Recommended,292180,21284498,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ZeroFun o7o7o7,"Recently converted from fsx to a ""More realistic"" x-plane. And oh jesus.. Wtf is this!?Throughout the small number of hours ive played, ive experienced:>Being randomly spawed sideways onto a runway>AI being SPAWNED INSIDE my plane sideways on the runway>AI taxiiing on the GRASS instead of the RUNWAY>AI DISSAPEARING INTO NOWHERE> God aweful yaw physics> Auto leveling wings in some aircraft at lowlevel flight (unflyable because the plane literally auto levels if you try to turn)>Most community made planes have bare cockpit functions (90% of PLANES them i cant EVEN turn the engines off because the switches are UNCLICKABLE)> Aircraft pulling left/right on runway for NO REASON (I endup on the grass when taking off because... XPLANE PHYSICS)>Tire screaches and smoke when SLOWLY turning and taxiing in some aircraft> Barely any freeware planes, forcing you too buy PAYWARE> BARON MAJOR AIRPORTS. Yes, BARON. Decided to check out toronto pearson INTL... But there were NO airport buildings AND barely any traffic.. just completly flat (even 9y/o FSX managed to have scenery for ALL fairly sized and big airports)>Barely any selection of aircraftBut.. i did encounter some good things:> Sweet night graphics and lights>Good aircraft and ground scenery detail>Good Graphics>Good optimisation (60fps on max)>Decent audio>sloped/uneven runways (favorite bit about xplane)Cant recomend if you looking to move on from FSX, just DONT do it"
76561198237624124,Not Recommended,292180,16969098,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,roby186,"CRASH, CRASH, CRASH!!!!!!!!! I TRY TO LANDING IN MAYAGUEZ PUERTO RICO OR ANY AIRPORT ON THE ISLAND AND ARE IMPOSSIBLE (FOLLOWING THE RULES). IN OTHER WAY, I TAKEOFF IN SAN JUAN INT AIRPORT AND TRY TO LANDING IN VIEQUEZ OR CULEBRA AND CRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197996809884,Not Recommended,292180,20224107,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rmissale,"i cannot believe how horrible this Game/simulation is. the absolute worst interface i have ever seen. planes are ugly, thoroughly uninspiring. the way it is organized is laughable. is this a joke? after 5 minutes i don't ever want to touch it again. i will ask for a refund. all the talk about it being better than FSX!! ha!!! this is total garbage!!!!!"
76561198195854230,Recommended,292180,16112622,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PilotMaster,DID YOU KNOW THAT PEOPLE THINK THE GAME IS BETTER THAN FSX AND IT IS
76561198255417376,Not Recommended,292180,26213390,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,andrewsaj14,I love this but on start up it just crashes and so i reopen it and then it does it all again
76561198175271009,Not Recommended,292180,34611569,Posted: 30 August,all,kaylingamer,it has the ♥♥♥♥♥est graphics and i have a gtx 1060 but at highist graphics its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198190808199,Not Recommended,292180,15324931,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,lewyshart,what a wank game!
76561198207586660,Not Recommended,292180,14137506,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,cebarrett81,"I want a refund.  This game might be worthwhile if you don't have to play it throught the steam program.  The control over the game is limited, and it is extremely slow to load.  I had microsoft flight sim x previously and it was much better. The graphics on this game are not impressive at all, and controls are difficult,  and the flying characteristics are not realistic, which may be due to the lag caused by playing a game online which has to be run through another program(steam)."
,Not Recommended,292180,16470349,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,K83NQ,Just a money trap don't buy it.
76561197994953553,Not Recommended,292180,22134089,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Majorhavoc257™,Horrible game dont waste your money. fsx is better
,Recommended,292180,12460985,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Aviator,Great sim
76561197969893764,Recommended,292180,11715306,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Gomoto,I tried the X-Plane 10 demo when it was released for the first time a few years ago. I did not purchase the program because of the low framerates and the very long loading times. I did not want to purchase the DVD set for the world scenery as well.Now X-Plane 10 is available on steam and I downloaded the demo again. I was impressed by the improved performance and the shorter loading times. I purchased the simulator this time and I like what I see.When you download X-Plane at first you only have the demo area available and you have to enable the included DLCs for the other regions of the world. Be prepared that many airports do not have a detailed scenery and you need to download further free scenery files to improve your experience.I recommend the X-Plane 10 flight simulator for enthusiasts that like to browse the web for addon scenery and aircraft. Casual users should definitly check out the demo first.
,Recommended,292180,25825359,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Anis Tar,YOU CANFLY
76561198031245509,Not Recommended,292180,13917976,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,peanutlife,So far not loving this game. Microsoft Simulator is much better
76561198170068805,Not Recommended,292180,14121135,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,s1496,"X PLANE IS FOR DESKTOPS!!!!! Of course it does work for some laptops, but for me...NO.IF YOU OWN A LAPTOP DO NOT BUY!!!!!For laptops get flightgear, it is better than FSX and is FREE!!!!!"
76561198306418547,Not Recommended,292180,24607375,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,mccollum_travis,there needs to be more planes because i have the mobile version and there is alot more planes like the f-14 and f-18 and the blackhawk helecopter. chinook helecopter. to be honest not worth the 60 dollars unless there is more planes.
76561198084261185,Not Recommended,292180,15730594,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,jrprocks02,this game is so laggy and didnt even tell me how to fly
76561198251277188,Not Recommended,292180,18174949,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SniperLyfe,it is not in full screen what is wrong?
76561198271834648,Not Recommended,292180,24833633,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Jonesy,"I was getting bored of Microsoft Flight Simulator and I wanted a more realistic, more modern sim. So I thought this would be the perfect sim because of the videos and reviews. I bought it for £45 which is a lot of money but I thought it would be worth the money. So I waited around 2 hours for it to download. When it finally downloaded I clicked play and a littele menu popped up. I clicked the 64 bit as my pc is 64 bit. It started loading through all of the loading screens. Then, a little window opened and it said that the game has crashed and said to make a comment to help. I then tried the 32 bit and the same happened. So now im gonna have to search all of the forums to find a solution....."
,Not Recommended,292180,28223304,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,getsome,"Very dissapointed although the graphical content is better than what FSX SE offers, it appears X Plane 10 is not what I anticipated it to be.  Unfortunately, I am not able to get a refund back from Steam because as played more than 2 hours.Albeit the majority was spent addjusting settings and to find how to Navigate.In Summary if you are confident with VOR - VOR Navigation, then it maybe suited for you. - Personally myself not for me, and I dont think I will be rushing to get X Plane 11, you cant even create a flight plan like you can on FSX SE, before I consider X Plane again these simple things need to be updated"
76561198346536959,Not Recommended,292180,30151084,Posted: 24 February,all,AverageJoe134,This is a very fun game but without a yoke or rudder peadles this game does not come with instruction of controls.
76561198095274676,Not Recommended,292180,22169194,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jamlicol,not what i expected fsx is better in my opinion
,Not Recommended,292180,30809941,Posted: 29 March,all,Rocket Man,"I got it on sale and despite what some people said to me 'that its a great game' its not a game. Its a complex simulator that requires knowledge on pilot skills and stuff. Its a good sim but if ur gona get this and your thinking its a fun realistic game thats easy to master, dont.EDIT: X-Plane 11 is out too and aparently is alot easier than this."
,Not Recommended,292180,28682075,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,XT4SIS,Steam buyers will not receive X-Plane 11 for free and for that reason I am annoyed and feel cheated. Very bad Laminar and AEROSOFT.
76561198318426714,Not Recommended,292180,29951732,Posted: 15 February,all,devongoldstein0,did not like game would not let me fly
76561198043546825,Not Recommended,292180,12388959,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jhripson,"I would rate this higher than maybe a zero.\, just slightly.  I purchased the ""game"" and have nothing but technical issues.  Constantly recieve notices that the Open GL is not able to launch.  I do not run an anti virus software when playing games online.  so that killls that critism from others.  I gave the program full Admin rights.  Kills that one too.I have read past reviews were others seem inclined to attack anyone who rights a bad review.The software is hard to use and offers poor instruction, have to feel your way through like a blind man.  It does not give a true sense of flying out of a controlled airport, when you can ""choose"" to ignor ATC.  The ability to easly use any instrument was lost with poor interface.  The ability to easly look around the flight deck was also missed, with poor instruction provided.   The programming was made to make money, if you leave the provided scenery area, you enter water world.  Don't worry, they provide a pop up in mid flight to inform you of this.  Again not too realistic, couldn't even write in default scenery.  I would give a better review if the ""game"" was set up to be more user friendly.  Flight simulators don't give you THE SR-71 and so forth."
,Not Recommended,292180,14049871,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,RWP,"Save your Money!!!!Buy FSX I have both, FXS is:-less glitchy-runs better-more addons-better physics-cheaperX-Plane:-looks nice (when you can get it to work)-physics leave a lot to be desired-cant mod-half the scenery isn't even there-they make you pay extortionate amounts for DLC-not good support"
,Not Recommended,292180,11604350,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Bigarmsrobertmeyers,Just not as Detalied as I thought.... 4 out 10
,Not Recommended,292180,13153331,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Roughneck_Rider,"Detail wise is OK, reason why I say that is, YOU HAVE TO DOWNLOAD EVERY AIRPORT!!! I didnt know that KSFO is actually Invisable. FSX might be dated, but its also alot easier to fly, manage, and play!!!"
76561198050303200,Not Recommended,292180,12509468,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ajgahrman,"does not work well with windows 7 ,scenery makes pc restart on its own,works fine without scenery"
,Not Recommended,292180,11588984,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,EGF1,"I can't recommend this game because of one reason!I opened a ticket a few weeks ago at Laminar Research and at Aerosoft GmbH and they never responded.Just take money from your customers but dont care about any issues. Great job Laminar Research and Aerosoft GmbH, lol.10/10 Graphics08/10 Game overal00/10 Support"
76561198039001728,Not Recommended,292180,13983428,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mabisfab77,thumbs down
76561198009544641,Not Recommended,292180,11631137,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tom Savage,So confusing they lied when they said it is easy there is no environment... I wasted my money on this
,Not Recommended,292180,11542514,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Shadowhenge,This sim doesn't even work after installed.  It has scenery errors and hard crashes.  Don't waste your time on a program that doesn't even work out the gate.
,Not Recommended,292180,12469023,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ZippyTart,"i thought it would be fun, something to pass the time, its really extreame, really realistic, and a good game. but its not worth 60$.. i want my money back but im not sure if i can. i dont reccomend this game for casual gaming. i would reccomend it for those who are looking for a true simulator."
76561197966520166,Not Recommended,292180,11299324,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shami,"Terrible game, if your a FSX player don't buy this game because its not as in depth as FSX.  Graphics are decent but not as good as what they should be for today's simulator.  There is no scenery for the airport that I flew out of, I tried MSP I see nothing just the runways."
,Not Recommended,292180,12232200,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,badez21,I found this game very unsatifying there needs to be demos and i think steam really needs to consider a refund policy.
76561198154701597,Not Recommended,292180,12820719,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,djbattle8,"it comes with planes i don't like flying.  if i want better planes i must pay more money.  its very hard to download planes fromxplane.orgto load them on stem download. i wasted my money. you have no ATC or ground radio you must buy that to ( seattle airport only has ATC),i miss microsoft flight simulator.   a waste of money.  you buy you buy.  come on its just a game.  not a commecial gameI wish the gamming expert tell the truth.  VRY UPSET"
,Not Recommended,292180,25656450,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cane | Pvpro.com,"It looks good on the trailer but in game when i loaded it up it looked like crap, I do not recommend this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198018046806,Not Recommended,292180,16271126,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MarshMeLn,"This ""simulation"" sucks, worst game I've ever bought!  Figured I'd get a joystick and render it out, but no their sensitivity is ridiculous even when I tried to tone it down. Why does Steam even have this game? I don't know."
76561198120584547,Not Recommended,292180,12417450,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,angmarwitch,"well,after having parted with £45 , downloaded and installed the game, it seems the world scenery supposedly included in this 'global' version...isnt there!to cap it all off it manages to crash my computer every 10 minutes , and im using a Ti780X graphics card with my 3.2GHz quad core AMD system..some patches better be forthcoming quickly"
76561198019094214,Not Recommended,292180,12385946,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,tannerb20048,the game will not go on my computer sind me my money bick
,Not Recommended,292180,12375532,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SwitzLive,"It crashes all the time on 64 bit and the 34 bit and I'm using a windows 8 that runs on 64 bit ,so I say you may not want this if you run on windows 8!!!"
76561198088470276,Not Recommended,292180,11414551,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Wyattsmack,"I paid $60 Dollars for the game, it turns out to be the demo i want my money back."
76561197993918484,Not Recommended,292180,12046323,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,WreckRman2,"This game is so lame, nothing but an airstrip and water in most of the USA. Complete waste of $60!!!"
,Not Recommended,292180,11758425,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Beefger.exe,This game sucks. I love flight simulators but this is by far the worst. The physics are terrible there is a small selection of planes and half of them do not work.
76561198056103142,Not Recommended,292180,13116540,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,RIPDeathSnipe15,Wish I could have my money back.
76561198002460697,Not Recommended,292180,13367423,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,NaRC688,microsoft did it right.
76561198092557672,Not Recommended,292180,12562316,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,kaufman883,wont run right on my computer cant seam to fix it waste of money
76561197993995710,Not Recommended,292180,13052182,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,electric_disturbance,"This game is a piece of junk. Somehow FSX manages to recognze Saitek hardware where this ""app"" presents you with friggin dialogs of 200+ checkboxes. Yeah i got it it is complicated"
76561197991584372,Not Recommended,292180,12700916,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TWITCH,"TRASHOnly a small handful of aircraft and locations available, and even some of the included aircraft are horribly buggy and inconplete, with very low res textures and no support for 3D  (track-IR or even mouse look)For $60 this is a complete and total RIP OFF, this sim is GARBAGE.   I am so incredibly disgusted with just how incomplete and limited this is considering the premium price.Completely unacceptable, bordering on FRAUD."
76561198040943391,Not Recommended,292180,30480872,Posted: 12 March,all,butchville,Absolute headache.  If you want user friendly then abbots this game. It's a mess.Also keeps crashing.
76561198110711645,Not Recommended,292180,12329892,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SovietBanana,IT DOESNT EVEN WORK FOR ME NO MATTER WAT VERSION!!!
76561198341792141,Not Recommended,292180,30411947,Posted: 9 March,all,lucien152,IT WAS AWFUL
76561198159743882,Not Recommended,292180,12603083,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,kekelly71,how the hell do i add freeware planes to this xplane 10 on steam ??cant get into files to paste the fee downloaded planes !!!!
76561198043931958,Not Recommended,292180,25664921,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Green,no
,Recommended,292180,12492948,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,StalledData,meh
76561198066399792,Not Recommended,292180,23791615,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,chrisfigert,"terrible...glad i purchased it on sale, i flew maybe ten minutes and was very dissapointed, thankfully flight sim x was on sale also so i went back to that instead. now only wish steam could ssue refunds for games because i will never be playing this one again"
,Not Recommended,292180,27569496,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jake,I hate it! It crashes my Gaming card and It keeps freezing my computer!
,Not Recommended,292180,11251814,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,[LFG] ajphandalf,"It's not kidding... what you see is what you get (and I have yet to find anything else).I know they said you can get additional content for the game, but I am having the hardest time finding anything. On the X-Plane’s site, I find options to purchase X-Plane and the USB key… That is all; otherwise, I am just stuck with one skin for my plane. I absolutely LOVE the United 747 (but you’re just suck with that one 747 as an example)  =’(Okay, so firstly, the graphics, the actual physics of the plane (micro stuff), and the lack of lag are AMAZING (All the things FSX lacks). I have a decent gaming PC, and despite some patches of “not responding” during loading time, the game runs quite fluidly on very high-detail settings.However, the controls SUCK, the realism SUCKS, and I have yet to find the multi-player (if it exists). Many of the planes I have tried to fly are buggy, or just do not work at all. Like the space shuttle for example, it is not even running on the runway when it spawns, so I tried to add fuel, and it will not even let me do that. Some planes feel like they are loaded to capacity by bricks, meanwhile others are tossed around like toys by the controls. To be honest, I’m terrified that they train real pilots off this game. The controls are never precise and it feels like I’m flying the plane willy-nilly on my tablet.The X-Plane (Liminar Research) folks need to get together with the Microsoft folks and they could make a TRULY AMAZING game! With X-Plane’s graphics and Microsoft’s UI + Realism, I’d be more than happy to pay a hefty sum for that game.The user-interface in X-Plane is not user friendly at all. You have to clamor through a whole ton of menus with high hopes that you understand the geek-language and manually set your joystick buttons. I have a joystick, throttle quadrant, and a set of rudder-pedals. I had to manually program ALL the buttons and axes for the game. Personally, I was able to accomplish this part with slight stress, but I feel it would be almost impossible for the average person who is new to flight simulators.During flight, it is as if the game “forgets” some of my pre-programmed buttons and usually replaces it with something random. The “Lights” button becomes a “Pan-Left” button for example.At the end of the day, it is as if the game just does whatever it wants. I was en-route to an airport and I wanted to check the map (to see where I was). BEWARE OF MIS-CLICKS!! I clicked “global map” instead of “local map” and all of a sudden, I was in a different aircraft at some RANDOM airport. There is no warning message for things like this, but tons of warning messages for the scenery that you have to spontaneously know how to download as DLC vs. coming with the game as it should. The redeeming quality is that the DLC comes free with the game, YAY.I am still new to X-Plane, but I have been playing flight simulators for over 10 years, and I ""like"" this game, but feel VERY disappointed by it!"
76561198131842076,Not Recommended,292180,28608463,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MACIOR,This game DOES NOT look like in the attached films... Quality of planes and cockpits is really poor... Huge disappointment...
,Not Recommended,292180,33919922,Posted: 30 July,all,MRPHATFRED,"Super hard to learn,  even just using the menus is hard.  It is not very intuitive at all."
76561198043212028,Recommended,292180,12630706,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Man0Man,OMG SO ANNOYING I CANT GET A SCENERY PACK SO I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO DO!
76561198056274744,Not Recommended,292180,12721176,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Combs,The physics are terrible in my opinion the game is not worth the money at all
76561198318314336,Not Recommended,292180,31127197,Posted: 13 April,all,sweetsmells1216,"bad if you dont have a lot of money like $1,000 than DO NOT buy"
,Recommended,292180,11267423,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MadDoggyca,"Pros: Die hard Simulator,MultiPlayer SupportFully CustmizableCons :OpenGL (booo DX way better)unable to find colistion dection on objects, tress, and buiding.Menus are a bit rough  to work withLag like♥♥♥♥♥if you try to remotly max the graphic settings out. Defult grapahic settings look like♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198301908295,Not Recommended,292180,23821521,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PRINCE ADAM,i cant pay the game
76561198288844178,Not Recommended,292180,31357521,Posted: 25 April,all,richey267,i dont recomnd just make sure ur computer works with there software mines dont and now theses ♥♥♥♥ers wont return my dam money
76561198012004481,Not Recommended,292180,22708004,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Leo6869,waste of money never even took off got so bored.
,Not Recommended,292180,23044799,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Allahu,Can't play with out joysticks ...
76561198091613577,Not Recommended,292180,11243722,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,scabacious,"ok, I love flight sims, but I love them more when they have easily accessible instructions and settings menus.  This sim is possibly the most user unfriendly sim I have ever played.  The Graphics are lovely (as seen speeding skew off a runway and into the buildings!), but I can't recommend it to anyone who is new to sims (or anyone who expects to be able to adjust the sim either in menu- or in game).  I guess its back to the 128 page manual.  Bummer, I am sure It will get easier... at some point."
76561198045398611,Not Recommended,292180,26026690,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Peter,"The worst flight sim !! Don't buy it ! I'm going back to FSX SE, a 10 year old 32 bit sim which is a LOT better than this crap!!"
76561198030736023,Not Recommended,292180,11247858,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kirza94,"Ive set the graphics to max, but it doesnt look anything like it does in the pictures or trailers which is quite annoying for me"
,Not Recommended,292180,26306751,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Atomic Shadow,"Okay first off I am a BIG NOOB for flight simulators, I literally use a ps4 controller for my ""yoke""next off WHY WITH THE OVER PRICED DLC?!?!?! like come on does some one really want to pay $25 for and aircraft?like i said I am a big flight sim noob but. It is too expensive to play man! OH first gotta buy my $200 yoke set for this $50 game OH gotta buy an aircraft for half the game OOOOO i also need to buy this airport for another half of what this game is worth fjgksfgjkjglkdsjglkdsgsdgsdfgIf some one wants to explain to my why dlc is half the price of the game I would like to know.Also thank you for the guys over at AEROFLY for making us flight simulator noobs life easy XD"
,Not Recommended,292180,11252096,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Forex,"Iv'e been playing this . This complete trash if you want to have fun play with friends and replicate flights well skrew that its like watching paint dry the controls are meant for people with 4 hands and not to mention so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to remember theres almost nothing to do at all ! I would not reccomend this game for people who dont find paint drying entertaining... I wish I could return it except its trash and steam is good at selling trash and not giving money back for the trash they sell. The quality is awful ! NOT WHAT THEY ADVERTISE AT ALL! No animations at all ! I don't see what they were doing for 20 years?! I highly doubt they ever spent 20 years it looks like they made this with unity 3d from 1990. There are maybe 2 or 3 animations the joystick, smoke and spinning tires. This just a phony game posted by steam which I wouldn't doubt that steam put this at the top just for the sales. I done with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator . I usally love them except this is awful just pure trash! MY FINAL REVEIW DON'T BUY FALSE ADVERSTING♥♥♥♥♥♥ OVERHYPED ! OVERCOMPLICATED! YOUR GONNA WISH YOU COULD GET YOU MONEY BACK!"
,Not Recommended,292180,29108461,Posted: 7 January,all,lmaoxd,"This a terrible game there are no guns, like how the ♥♥♥♥ do u expect me to one tap without an ak?"
,Not Recommended,292180,11266868,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,Not good game ever!!!   Very Slow Loading :(
,Recommended,292180,12826501,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Smo Huffmister,"This is a great engine! Stable and very well made, the problem is... You are just buying the engine with a couple of mediocre airplane models, which only a couple of them have a virtual cockpit. (which are horribly detailed) If interested in having a decent simulation experience, be prepared to buy a couple of airports (at least $20 each) and some aircraft (same, at least $20 each but expecto around $80 for a real good one.)If you are planning on playing this game stock, I recommend FSX, much much better experience stock. If you got the $$$, go for it! XP10 is a great engine! And with the right investments you will enjoy it deeply. I must say tho, the default scenery is superb! There is no clear winner between XP10 and FSX at the moment, both have what the other is missing, worth every penny to own both! (Actually, don't get FSX, get P3D instead)"
,Recommended,292180,17148369,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Flashpan,"I don't normally write steam reviews, but this product has just blown me away! I have been flight siming for around  25 years and recently I have mostly been using Prepar3D. Prepar3D is a great product, but on my system it does not run smoothly (lots of stuttering) and the way it draws autogen one can see a visible pop-up boundary. These two issues really break emersion.Anyways I bought X-Plane 10 mainly out of curiosity. The first thing I noticed was how damn smooth it ran. For a laugh, I thought I'd max out the autogen stuff - trees, buildings and roads. I was expecting a slide-show, but what I got was a buttery smooth simulation.Given what was being rendered I couldn't believe my eyes!A lot of people complain about the scenery being generic. This may well be the case, but it is so well implemented that it just looks and feels 'real'. It's the details of how the buldings and trees are created with regard to the road network. They actually look integrated. Add to that urban traffic that looks very believable and a draw distance that doesn't show any pop up and a buttery smooth frame-rate, then one gets a very immersive simulation.With Prepar3d I know I'm in a sim because of all the issues I mentioned at the top of the post. But with X-Plane I really feel like I'm there. VFR flying in this sim is just a joy.Many complain about airport detail, but I have found no issues. I fly around the US Washington State area, where (so far) I have been able to download all the airports I need free of charge. As a bonus many of them look very good indeed.Is there anything I miss?Well yes. Lots of other air traffic and ATC, but I'm sure there are add ons out there that will address these two omissions!As a flight simmer, I can't recomend X-Plane enough. I wish I had moved over sooner!"
76561198131329701,Recommended,292180,17442003,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,umayr,very good game love it its not just a flight sim its more of a learning sim graphics are good and lots more planes than fsx all in all i would recomend it!
,Recommended,292180,17458320,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Volk With A Kalachnikov,cool
,Recommended,292180,17625699,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,lipstick Larry,"Amazing sim, great graphics and authentic experience."
76561197964118798,Recommended,292180,16961135,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Cpt. Bojangles,"If you're a casual gamer, this will prove difficult to get into.If you're a simmer coming from (e.g.) FSX, or a training PPL pilot like myself, this will be right up your street and a useful training tool. It's a detailed simulation, and the enjoyment most people will get from this are the details. The endless checklists, the instrument flying, the navigation planning.Flaws)Some of the default planes are a bit lacking.ATC and general comms is in its current state is pretty dumb and the interface for it is awkward.Steep Learning curve. Generally as in flying, there's an awful lot of paperwork to read and understand.Collisions are poor - seems like you can only collide with the ground (plane-plane collision, plane-building collision etc missing)Pros)Great simulation (My piper archer getting nearly knocked off the taxiway by a 747 taking off)Great looks (Well, compared to the very dated FSX anyway)Detailed aircraft are exceptionally well represented (see great simulation!)"
76561198170838329,Recommended,292180,16848400,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,smurfing for skins,Well all I can say is that u need a LOT of add ons to get Xplane to look good
,Recommended,292180,17407207,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ricy_gaming,"The advertising may be false and the game may be Ok but, they really improved the games lag in the steam edition.  I myself owned X-plane 10 for mac and the lag was horrendous, after buying a 4gb ram windows computer which isn't the best, I decided to move to steam edition...  I already have payware aircraft for this game like the flight factor 777 & 757, but there are some good freeware aircraft out there.  The controls are decent, and it runs a lot faster, also, thank god there is no more ""CD 1 required"" when you run the game anymore, that ruined the gameplay....  This game is pretty pricey, but if you have an average computer and love great looking flight sims and don't mind the sound effects, you wll love this game... but FSX is more cheaper with better sound effects and aircraft if you want that alternative, but the FSX graphics aren't as good as XP10 in default..."
,Recommended,292180,17678759,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cereal Killer,"Easily the best flight simulator on the market, and hands down the best flight simulator available on Steam.The only complaint I have is that the DLC is way overpriced. for example...The CRJ200 is $49.99"
76561198088008055,Recommended,292180,17862124,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Baytowne,This is  a very good game. If you would like to go online join Vatsim and learn how to fly planes.
,Recommended,292180,18198169,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Allstarnix,Having played FSX for several years I think FSX is no match for the realism and graphics of Xplane 10.
,Recommended,292180,19517314,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CeylanCat,"I've been playing MSFS since 2006 until my friend recommended X-Plane 10 to me and XP10 is apparently a Flight Simulator to go for.X-Plane has better aerodynamic simulation which provides a better in-game experience.Though there are less 3rd party addons than FSX, the graphics and overall quality is much better than FSX.I would definitely recommend this sim to those who have a joystick.:)"
,Not Recommended,292180,21140162,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KageCooke,The game is a very old version. The cocpits are not 3D. When i tried to update it it said i could only play the demo and steam would not give me my money back so i am stuck with a $30 free demo.  If you want the game buy it from the web sitehttp://www.x-plane.com/. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON STEAM!
,Recommended,292180,21038541,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,*Happy Zebra*,Great game!!
76561198184906775,Recommended,292180,21210849,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,srfleckenstein,Awesome Flight simulator. Very realistic and intuitive.
76561197987674194,Recommended,292180,19923741,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,T15,"Occasionally I fly the Cessna 172, that came with the game, in order to help me better understand aeroodynamics, flight instruments and the procedures of starting engine, landing, and take off. And so far, this ""tool"" or ""game"" helped me apply certain techniques without having to try them in real life. To put it simply, I've learned a lot through X-plane 10 (and there is so much to learn and to memorize).X-Plane 10 itself is bland and requires some user-side effort to make it more ""visionally"" appealing to the eye (airport updates, cloud modifications, etc.). Nonetheless, the important elements such as weather, aerodynamics and instrument accuracy is there. Consequently you might have to pay a bit extra for the higher quality planes if you desire to learn more about other planes."
,Recommended,292180,20466593,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Çlassy,"*Puts Aviators on**Danger Zone playing in background**Flies an F-14 into the sunset*""Hell Yeah"""
76561198233944372,Recommended,292180,20064740,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,coldreyiz,not bad. better graphics than fsx but not good at real flying dynamics when compared to fsx
76561198144701180,Recommended,292180,21419550,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Pill Cosby,"Might have silly flaws but at the end of the day you can legit fly at great framerates unlike FSX. I love FSX but the framerates are the worst. On top of that, there are a lot of free legit add-ons for this. Night flying is amazing as well. If you max everything out there's a good possibility you can actually recognize and follow roads. I flew almost 100 miles doing that which is pretty impressive for a video game in reality.  Stay away from helos... they are impossible... lol!"
76561198035681301,Recommended,292180,21378183,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,cj.miller,I can recommend it yes and no it still needs a lot of work to be done in it to be good as fsx.
76561198283047641,Recommended,292180,21253902,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,sandeepkr70,"My configuration is I7 4690K, 8 gb ram, Geforce GTX 960 4gb and Windows 7 64 bit Professional OS. I am playing X plane 10 Global.Whenever I start the game, It says not respondin0g and crashes. After 3-4 minutes and sometimes it crashes and PC hangs.Whenever I search the airport from the DLC scenery pack, I don't get the list of airports.In my game Library Page it has been Titled as X Plane Beta. Why is it so?How do I know the version of my game X plane 10?Do I need to keep updating from the X plane website even with the Auto Update being turned on.How do I know whether the free DLC has been installed or not?I am using Mad Catz F.L.Y 5 joystick. What are the best button configuration for using the joystick in X plane 10?Whenever I try to adjust my Nav Data, it doesnt go beyond 115.45. How do I go beyond that?I would also like to mention that I am having trouble contacting steam with queries. Is there any way I can mail them my queries and problems regarding the games."
76561198067330205,Recommended,292180,21219530,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,DarkHammer,"Best Flight Simulator, not a game at all. is a pro flight simulator 99% close to real life with the right addons"
76561198055586349,Recommended,292180,14666642,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,lennyQuick,"X-Plane : Right out of the box (as it were) the 64 bit version beats hands down in speed and looks FSX. FSX looks dated (it is) and needs a significant cost investment to bring the ground textures up to some reasonable level. Still, no matter your system  performance will suck if you intend to crank up the textures. And HUGE ISSUE whether with FSX or Prepar3D is OOMs. Yes, the dreaded out of memory errors. Say goodbye to that with X-Plane at 64 bit.Now first big minus in XPlane - NO SEASONAL TEXTURES!. Go ahead, fly in Canada in winter. Look - summer textures,lol. So you'll need to get a program for this huge deficiency.There is a growing body of payware for X-Plane and some fabulous planes such as the 777 and Flightfactor A350. Also the payware scenery, though nowhere near FSX/Prepar3D is starting to provide the necessary content to bring realism.UPDATE: Now updating my review. Giving thumbs up now because the first real attempt to provide a capable traffic AI - X-Life. The Deluxe version includes full ATC, flightplanning, follow-me car, etc. There is a growing body of airports which implements traffic AI through this program. Bravo. All of a sudden there is now a decent traffic program. Nowhere near Ultimate Traffic for P3D but well on its way.There is also another decent ATC proram called pilot2ATC which is for XPlane and P3D."
76561198193769218,Recommended,292180,23454268,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,arlindcelkupa2000,Best game
,Recommended,292180,25695405,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sok,"Very realistic simulator, but ONLY with an excessive amount of plugins and scenery packs that should be included. Realism in cockpit it very good, almost every button/switch is useable. X plane 10 lacks multiplayer mode. airports are unrealistic. Only thing that makes this better than fsx is the usability of all of the switches in the cockpit. I would still reccomend this over FSX though as FSX is more of a noobs/basic version of FSX. (BTW, I have over 60 hours logged on FSX)"
,Recommended,292180,25732764,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,frenchsk,I'm learning how to fly a plane this game has really helped me advance fast. I was the DLC's work so expensive and you could download mods like you can when you have a disc version. So maybe if the developers are reading they could add steam workshop so people can post and create their own planes! I'll make my simulation experience so much better. Overall is the best light simulator I've ever used.
76561198027534277,Recommended,292180,26795305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matrix,"Pilot speaking, at the moment this is for sure the best flight simulator out here, till 11 :)"
76561198028502450,Not Recommended,292180,25375863,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,lonegull101,"Poor design,  poor interface.Difficult to configure.  Autopilot does not function properly,  user interface difficult to use while flying and controlling the aircraft.Realistic, yes.  But to the detrament of the enjoyment of the user."
76561198124064025,Recommended,292180,26935058,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theraggedpilot,The most realistic flight simulator I have ever used! The physics are so good that it doesnt feel too disimilar to flying a real aircraft. A great purchase for experienced pilots as well as people who just want to have fun.
76561197970723934,Recommended,292180,25714304,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Marvelous,"I'm really enjoying this. FSX crashes on me all the time after a few minutes of flight so I gave X-Plane a whirl and could not be happier. I am not a pilot, do not know how to fly, have no idea what the controls (besides basic roll, pitch, yaw, throttle) yet love hopping into a flighter jet, taking off my my home airfield, zoom through the clouds and just flying around. There are a lot of talented people on Twitch and YouTube who fly the heavies and that is what I would like to be able to do one day in this game. Fly from one airport, navigate to another and safely land. Highly recommended. Just upgrade to the free HD Mesh that is available and download some cool planes and airports."
76561198032797867,Recommended,292180,25460520,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,m0nkfist,"Finally got round to a long held dream to get into flight sims. Well worth it. X-plane 10 is hardcore, but that's what I wanted. You'll have to spend time building the sim you want and learning how to fly for real, but it pays off. Fantastic sim."
76561198011751749,Recommended,292180,11834744,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Starbuck,"Not for people who can't fly.Gets easier after a few months intense training, When did they say we could have our license"
76561198206695632,Recommended,292180,16371486,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,andrewannorzzz,great game expecially with a joystick just a little confussing to get your head around at the start
,Recommended,292180,13871476,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Louize,If you want to fly something it doesnt get any better
76561198007089782,Recommended,292180,13859789,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,R0ckD4ddy,A more realistic flight sim.. needs customizations to get the most out of it.. but I have enjoyed since version six.
76561198018661058,Recommended,292180,14470123,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,I am that I am,X-Plane isn't a game; it is a training aid. It's close enough to the real thing. It's very realistic to the point of getting real skill out of it (as long as you put the time into it)
,Recommended,292180,14303010,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Stern,"This is a SIMULATOR, not a game!Note that the planes and scenery that comes with the simulator are not the best. Almost everything has been automatically generated and only a few areas have been created by hand. This means that most airports look the same and some have quite weird layouts etc. But all of this can be improved upon with mods and addons. So, if you want a world class flight simulation, then get it, but you must be prepared to get additional mods and aircraft (there are a lot of both freeware and payware options) to make the simulator really shine."
76561198041741714,Recommended,292180,14327085,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Trainzer40,"for anyone interested in giving x-plane 10 a shot should try it, i have been an fsx user for almost 10 years and i use both, but lately been spending more of my time in x-plane, both sims are good in there own way, but what i like about x-plane is the huge amount of freeware that you can get for x-plane 10, i had tried previous versions of x-plane and couldnt get into it, but after grabbing the flight factor a350,757,777 and the free hd v3 scenery, i am having alot of fun with xplane, also the fact x-plane 10 supports 64 bit now gives you unlimited use to your ram,i recently bought skymaxx pro, maxx fx, and the shared co pilot and now me and friends can do a flight together in several heavy aircrafts.many addons that you would have to buy for fsx or p3d, are either already built into x-plane 10 or free.to compare i have spent about 2,000 on software for fsx over the years, and have spent about 300 to get xplane looking the way fsx looks now,another big plus is you caan use x-plane 10 on linux and mac along with windows of course because its open gl, the more cpu power, ram and vram you have x-plane will not let it go to waste.my advise is don't just try it once after you buy it, give it a few weeks before you decided you don't like it, it took me a week to get use to the controls as they are like ezdok for fsx, i garantee 80% of you will really enjoy this sim, i know i do and if more people use xplane, more developers will start to notice, good luck everyone, i hope this helps."
,Recommended,292180,14188209,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Reev Jax,"This game has a bit of a learning curve but once you figure out the basics it get's pretty easy from there.For me here are the main points to learn:Take off and landingNavigation and use of the GPSLearning ILS landingsOnce you get those things down it's pretty easy from there. I do highly recommend not trying to play this with a mouse though it is possible.There are tons of add ons and graphics updates that are totally free. Of course the payware stuff you can get is good but it is not needed to enjoy the game. You can make the game look amazing for free, heck even the stock install looks nice.I did make the plunge and buy a payware plane and I did not regret it for a second, it was so well done and detailed. I was really happy with the purchase.I recomend this game to any sim fan out there, it is a good buy."
76561198016065000,Recommended,292180,14214937,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,paulymitch,setting up the controllers is ridiculous particulary the hat?
76561198079009904,Recommended,292180,13954346,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Darth Yoda,"Ignore the negative reviews, this is a simulator with some novel add ons.  Once you get connected to the x-plane community you can download for free just about any airport or anything that flys or premium addons for a price.It is quite accomadating to what you want; I've enjoyed learning how to use the autopilot features, such as tuning in the GPS Nav points localizors and all the complicated stuff I have no clue about.  fly where you want or log a flight path and follow the instructions of the ATC from gate, Taxi, take off, the flight to landing and to the gate of the destination airport.I've never tried Microsoft flight simulator X, so I can't compare.I already had x-plane 9, so when this was on steam at a great price it was a definite grap.Can take a lot of space to have entire planet scenary plus addon scenary and aircraft, my x-plane 9 folder was over 60gig.I love pretending to be a airline pilot so if you're like me X-plane 10 wins!!!!!"
76561198010241032,Recommended,292180,14016980,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jugganaut,"Alright, I've had XP 8, 9, and now 10. These are serious flight sims and not for kids expecting Ace Combat or an equivalent thereof where you can just load it and start fighting other aircraft, etc. I will break down the pros and cons:PRO:+More accurate flight models (i.e. I can finally do Pugachev's Cobra in my SU-35 without unrealistic altitude gain).+Can target all flying aircraft (for those days where shooting down an airliner gives you jollies).+Black smoke upon missle hits/Explosions for bombs.+Better graphics+Better supersonic modeling (much less computational flutter)+At full tilt, I can recognize my neighborhood (better world detail).+Wing flexing! (Finally)+Faster batch-converting for airfoils.Mixed:+/- Better AI for air combat but still no gun usage for OPFOR aircraft or complex manuevers. I know this isn't a combat sim but can someone make a plug-in for this? It'll be great for those bad days at the office when you just want to recreate a battle from the Korean War.CON:-Super complicated to get older aircraft up to the new version.-When you get older aircraft up to xp10, a huge amounts of adjustments needed in planemaker to get these aircraft flyable.-Air Traffic Control is junk, just worthless. Even if you set your comms right.-Requires extensive knowledge of previous XP versions to get any custom aircraft airworthy.-Only diehard flightsim fans will have the patience to figure out the complicated variables needed to fly this sim.-Generic modern-standard radar navigation systems, older aircraft can see like new ones without scan deflection restrictions and analogue vs digital system limitations.I love the X-plane series and I'm glad it is on Steam. It makes it easier than waiting for the store to carry the Full version than the boiled-down North American version. Hopefully fixes will be addressed in later patches.I recommend this only for diehard sim fans. Those expecting Ace Combat arcade action are going to be vastly disappointed."
76561198087692789,Recommended,292180,13801148,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Joe Wendlandt,"I belive this game is the replacement for FSX but it is not the same... do not expect really any simularitys when it comes to the interface or the flying.  The aircarft fly more realistic, my 5 year old can take off in FSX... He can not in Xplane, its actually a little bit of a chalange keeping it straight... not much more to add as I am by no means even a novice at this stuff yet... continue reading other reviews is my best suggestion :)"
76561198171844309,Recommended,292180,14846399,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,henry.loughlin,"I really enjoy the realism, but I find that the game consistently crashes when I do something two things at once. I'm getting tired of the continuing crashes."
,Recommended,292180,14677340,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Eemil84 civilgamers.com,Ohh!So realityplanes is awesomeThanks to create that game!!!
76561198161515162,Recommended,292180,14734456,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,theHazell713,"X-plane 10 is a good sim that runs on even my low spec (125mb Video) mac quite well - with low graphics. It looks fine, and only takes 3 or 4 minutes to load, even with the obscene amount of scenery I've loaded. I find freeware - especially from thex-plane.org- is very good, and I can't really complain about lack of good planes.Pros:-Runs well-Looks alright, especially with a powerful machine-Lots of planes/scenery to download, easy to addCons-No missions like in FSX-Pretty poor UX-Big file, when base scenry is just autogen"
76561198109788044,Recommended,292180,14241639,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Gumboot,not as hard to use as people say plenty of conrole options and game modes.
76561198129994457,Recommended,292180,14346826,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fredfiftythree,"Great sim, what it lacks in Visuals it makes up for in realism of flight"
,Recommended,292180,14386318,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DakarRider,"I strongly recommend X-Plane over FSX on many aspects which would make up a long list of +++s, however it would have been much better if X-Plane also published the updates here as well as their boxed users. boxed vs steam updates do not match unfortunatelly. Steam has to talk to them FAST!"
76561198008406952,Recommended,292180,16206194,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,edwinwhite,"Recommend this game - grudgingly. It looks great, but has a pretty steep learning curve.The UI is awful. I have spent more time online reading tips and watching ""how to""  videos than I have playing the game so far - part of the curve I guess.I've read enough good reviews to keep plugging away, and it was probably my optimism that had me thinking I'd be up and flying by now. I'll check back in a month . . ."
76561198194642701,Recommended,292180,16360049,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ate001,GREAT
76561198024679622,Recommended,292180,16334180,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ray,not for people who dont went to lean to fly if you do this is the best i seen 10 out of 10
76561198221929160,Recommended,292180,15430008,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,steveneverett2003,"Loving this game, need to read the manual a bit more to get full advantage of the game"
,Recommended,292180,15298740,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jay,"Great game, I played a lot of flight sim X and prepar3d but X-Plane is superior, on a whole new level of simulation. It is a modern sim and it feels like it."
,Recommended,292180,15301112,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Superhoop,Nothing much I can say about other than perfect for me. Running my XPlane daily on Malaysia Virtual Airlines via XACARS. Simulatenously running VATSIM in the background.And my baby A320Neo from JarDesign - a beauty to fly!...Thanks X-Plane for this wonderful addiction!.
,Recommended,292180,15047379,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Boeing,"After MFSX ,where was nice software like PMDG , x-plane 10 is't very good for flying.So physic of flight close to reality ,but grapich need too much memory on PC.I flight from MAC ,that's why my video options's so low .Nice simulator but another software must be comfortable with steam version."
,Recommended,292180,15059377,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,deanveggy,"summary first:  If you are in for gaming and wider choice of add-ons stick with u-no-who but if you are into flying as in piloting and don't mind putting in some time to get configured, i recommend x-plane.  it's 64bit too that means the sw can use gezillions of RAM memory without paging.detail second:  i switched to x-plane (currently on 10.35 beta) a cpl of months ago from the obvious one. well i have both but always now choose to take my x-plane aircraft out of the hanger.  imo aircraft handle slightly more realistic in flight.. (yes i have, in answer to your question). But the interface isn't user friendly and don't expect all the same scenario/adventures."
76561197989615342,Recommended,292180,28596024,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,wolfy007,"A great flight sim, back in the day I used MS Flight Sims, getting back into it a friend suggested X-Plane, looking very good so far, but be warned it plays better with decent CPU speeds and fast RAM speeds."
,Not Recommended,292180,28475627,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DiscoTec,"Honestly, if you move from Microsoft Flight Simulator, the controls are all different, especially if you used joystick controls. But as far as the game goes. You have to have a good PC to run this game."
76561197965586064,Recommended,292180,28169113,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr-Oven,"Got it half price in sale and only use it with flyinside for vr experience. Well worth the money, very pleased with purchase."
,Recommended,292180,30003395,Posted: 18 February,all,the Carson,"When I got X-plane 9 when I was around 8 years old, XP has been one of my favorite games since the start. My love for aviation and the goal of becoming a pilot increased because of this game. I originally had the Xplane 10 phsyical disk and I always couldn't wait get home to play it after school. Because of how much I loved the simulator, I rebought the game on steam when I got a new PC, so I could play it more with all of my friends on VATSIM, which I have done ever since. I toured aviation universities; one being Embry Riddle, which primarily uses XP10 as their simulator for all of their students in training.This game is surely worth the pricetag, and I ensure you X-plane 11 will be amazing too"
76561198249406200,Recommended,292180,30255154,Posted: 28 February,all,Federal Officer Levy,"It is a great flight simulator, even thought i accidentally refunded it instead of  refunding something else that i bought. It is really good mostly what i wish they fix is the destruction :v no reason at all ;)I do recommend this game or should i call it ""Simulator""?"
,Recommended,292180,33301331,Posted: 5 July,all,Dev_Enforcement,"Very Good Game, But Controls Are A Bit Hard To Get Used To!"
76561198074536852,Recommended,292180,15071165,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,qomarguy,i just read the last revew and it was lol as for my reveiw i had a good  time one thing i suggest to add more aircrafts like the ones on the mobile verison
,Recommended,292180,32576596,Posted: 19 June,all,♛Not a duck♛,"Fun, advanced, and too complicated for me xd"
76561198040603899,Recommended,292180,34866167,Posted: 10 September,all,DRS,Awesome game for future flyers. Get the controls per your plane.
76561197970289452,Not Recommended,292180,35097482,Posted: 20 September,all,zolstarym,"The interface isn't that good and there aren't enough planes that come with it at all. Considering that FSX came out 10+ years ago and this barely seems to surpass it, I expected more."
