user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007493624,Not Recommended,292330,22768841,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Timmah,"Starship Corporation is an ambitious mix of several game genres. The game certainly has a great deal of potential, and brings together some interesting and innovative gameplay ideas.Now let’s talk about the cold vacuous reality of this game and its current state. It’s been in development for YEARS, and seems of have made very little progress on many of the core features beyond basic pick-and-place ship layout, a shallow/buggy market system, and a badly designed “ship simulation game.It’s an unbalanced and buggy mess, with a “Full Techtree” victory achievable in just a few hours of gameplay (once you master the crude and mindnumbly repetitive gameplay tasks). I encountered countless errors and bugs simply through the course of playing the tutorial and several sandbox games.There is no strategy, virtually no resource management, and limited room for creativity, and zero re-playability. The techtree is little more than a halfassed speedbump – in virtually every situation the next technology/module is superior to its predecessor (in some cases comically superior re: Storage Modules)You will likely spend 70% of your playtime in the “crew training” module (Since each new ship design requires you to play through over a dozen repetitive tasks), it seems to be the most fleshed out portion of the game. Here you will find such exciting features as:- Zero AI for your crew, and virtually no automation.- A Buggy and challenged interface- Hours of frustration.Sadly, that does not instill confidence in the team’s capacity to deliver a good game."
,Recommended,292330,22709662,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dash100,This is a diamond in the rough (the very rough) i can see myself spending alot of time playing.Dont be under any illusions this is an Alpha and as such it has plenty of bugs so dont expect a smooth ride even through the tutorials!That said the game is still playable although I have had a few crash to desktop episodes the game autosaves so its just about the reloads. The game itself is in depth and at first looks complex but once you have mastered your first ship and ran a few missions the learning curve drops off.Game has huge potential going forward I have enjoyed what I have seen so farI would also give it 8/10 and I dont know the Dev :)
,Not Recommended,292330,25223599,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sporkmonger,"I gave a negative review a year ago. I'm updating my review to still be a negative review, but with slightly more positive things to say.The game has immense potential, but it's pretty rough around the edges still with a lot of bugs. Random exceptions thrown at random moments. Sometimes the game just locks up while loading. Layouts take hours of fiddling to cram one last critical room in during early game.Don't get me wrong, this is a diamond in the rough. There's a great game hiding in here somewhere, no doubt. But the game has been in development for a long time and there's still a lot that's obviously missing. I just can't recommend it in its current state, at its current price. It was good for a fun and frustrating afternoon (and then another fun and frustrating afternoon a year later) and I'll definitely be coming back again in another year to check in on the game's progress. But for now, I'd recommend giving it a pass while the developer gets more of it finished."
76561198005803180,Recommended,292330,22709884,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Redwind24,"The concept of this game is rarely if ever seen and basically I cant sing its praises highly enough but that sad, this is still early access. The game was Previously very unstable however this seems to have largely abated.I've had an absolute blast testing my starships litererally to destruction after initial designs stages are complete, just be careful in reapect to the Mircromanagement however. Some people will absolutely love it other may find it onerous, but thats down to the user, for me I love it.All in all though the execution is admirable and the sheer potential here would warrent a purchase, buy it and give the devs support on this one. Its the most unique thing i've seen since KSP."
,Recommended,292330,22723278,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mia,"If your reaction to some of the screenshots was ""What?!? Is this Space Station 13 meets an RTS or is it me?"", then Starship Corporation might be your dream come true. If your reaction to the prior sentence is ""Huh?"", you'd best find something else.Atrocious learning curve, tutorials that crash the game and prevent saving, tough-as-nails ship design contracts that make Apollo 13 look like a day at Disney World, labyrinthine tech trees that force you to reread component descriptions again and again.And then when you're all done, your ship explodes in 1-2 minutes because your inefficient corridors meant the crew can't dash over to the ""please don't blow yourself up, you stupid starship"" button fast enough.On the other hand, if you're one of the unfortunate mass of souls doomed to live in the medieval 21st century, this might be your only chance to live the life of a space plumber.10/10 would drop out of starfleet engineering academy again"
,Recommended,292330,34415507,Posted: 22 August,all,Hordwon,"Early Access Review: Will update over time.  151 hours of gameplay in when writting this review.TLDR: Design a starships floor layout, manage crew missions, and build ships to perform contracts on the campaign map. The game needs a lot of balancing right now but its worth the time imo. Buy it when its on sale (for now), play it with proper expectations for an early access game, keep it in your installed games list and watch for key updates and come back to it but DONT PASS THIS GAME UP if it might fit your style.Pros:- Unique game concept. How many other games let you control a starship manufacturing and design company? Until now zero (that im aware of).- Design and manufacture a LOT of different ships. Takes me about two hours to design and test a small ship, several hours to design and test an advanced larger ship. Can't complain about variety at all, the design combinations are endless with like 20+ hulls to choose from. If you like to design the ships and run crew missions, you will not run out of stuff to to for a VERY LONG TIME.- Campaign map is finally in! now build ships for your corporation and order them around the map to perform contracts (transport, clear asteroids, hunt pirates, ect).- Crew management is fun, a player could litteraly spends HOURS playing through crew management missions alone for each ship design but there is also an auto-complete mission feature.Cons:- Bugs/Crashes: Its early access, save your design often, especially when working on larger ships.- Balance issues: The money you earn from contracts, the rate contracts generate at, and the pace of the campaign is unbalanced causing the campaign to be almost unplayable (But i have done it without cheats, its hard). Most players get past balance issues by using a money cheat code for funds.Final thoughts: Buy this game to support its development and watch for updates. Easily one of my favorite games, will continue to play after 150 hours in!"
76561198060612816,Recommended,292330,29496979,Posted: 25 January,all,"Essence, Evolution","I love this game to death, and really want to see it grow. I have 75 hours as of the review, leagues more than anyone else I've seen with a review, and I've loved playing every hour.First off, as a warning, this is anAlpha, think of back when Minecraft was still in Alpha, for example, it's come a long way. This game still has many bugs and a lot missing but there is still plenty to work with.What is this game and will I like it?Starship Corporation has three main parts to it, you're always doing one of the following:Managing your companyBuilding your ship designsTesting your ship designsIt needs to be said, the management is most just picking contracts and researching new tech to work with. Management is still very much in the works, but it's not the main draw of the game, anyways, I personally feel.Building your ship is one of the big reasons you'd love the game like I do. If you've ever wanted to build all the inner workings of a space ship then you're going to love this game. While you're not building the perfect personal spaceship with everything you'd want (You're not making your personal dream ship here), you get to make everything you'd need to have a real functioning spaceship that you're going to be selling to other companies. You'll be making many types of ships, from military transports/vessels, cargo ships, tankers, mining ships, to even private racing vessels. You'll be placing every room, corridor, and power line in the ship with a lot of different types of rooms and requirements.After you finish that you'll take your blueprint to the actual testing room and send it through the grinder to see how well it functions. You will have a crew size of your choice, normally 7 or more, to make sure everything is working as it should be. You start off with simple functionality test, seeing how well the design works overall, and move to the extremes of the scale; Large scale collisions, asteroid fields, large-scale system failures, up to pirate attacks, ship-to-ship combat test, and full-scale marine boarding parties coming at you. There is even some spec-op assaults and minefields test to really test your high tier designs. These can last anywhere from 2 minutes to 10 and you will want to do as much as you can.There is even an auto testwhich will do it's best to get you a good score if you wish to skip them. You can even select how well you want the auto select to be at the start of the game if you want more of a challenge.Again I'll warn, this is an Alpha and still has a lot of work to even get to beta but I do urge you to get the game to help support it's development. Updates are regular, about one a month, and help add new content each time."
,Recommended,292330,22765903,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Egeis,"Considering many of the game systems have yet to be implemented its a little too early to be reviewed properly.Pros:-Sharship building is puzzle piece / strategy-Hasn't really been a game like this Startrek had a ship building game. That game was weak a bug prone though...-Shows potential.Cons:-No close to being finished, early access being used as crowd funding here it seems.-Only a single game system has been built, not pollished or bug corrected.-Simulation of crew is weak, never have enough time early in the game to deal with problems that seem to snowball.-Save files corrupt easily.Early Access Problems:-Crash Errors, these are debug style reports that indicate the code at fault."
76561198008299948,Recommended,292330,22712477,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,InsanitySektor,"Not the game I was expecting...  It has potential but I was hoping for more biz management & ship design, less ship micromanagement missions.  I'm sure there is a ton of fun to be had there, but I'd rather have the option to play them (and possibly generate higher ratings) or to have an automated run / estimate.I'll give the game another go when / if that pops up in an update."
76561197971825130,Recommended,292330,32741805,Posted: 24 June,all,Haapy,"Hrm. This game shows incredible potential. It's deep and interesting. However, it's REALLY unpolished. Like seriously.The basic premise is right there in the title. You design ships and bid on contracts to make money to do research to build design bigger, better ships to sell those plans for more money. It's a great concept, and the direction seems to be spot on.Right now, it's difficult to play. The interface is straight out of the 90's, so none of the advances in UI over the last two decades are there. The art's kinda meh, but that's not a big deal for a crunchy game like this.I got a few hours out of it before it started spitting streams of error messages at me, and I enjoyed my time for the most part. If you're looking for a game to play right now, this probably isn't the game for you. If you like crunchy games and want to support the developer to maybe have this game in the future, then decide if the gamble is worth it to you ;o)"
76561197992509260,Not Recommended,292330,23259378,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Taranis,"Well, I love the concept of the game, this could be truly fantastic, a game as successful as KSP.Played the Demo back in 2013 and there has hardly been any development during the past 3 years, so I expect the bug free full featured game to be released somewhere around 2030.Such a magnificent idea, going to waste :("
76561197970872713,Recommended,292330,29331786,Posted: 17 January,all,Ana,"An hour into this game and I'm really impressed. The tutorial was easy to follow and guided me step by step through the process of designing my first ship.  The tutorial itself is well done and has an attractive female voice to aide you as you go along, and that's a good thing because this is a very in depth simulator that has a great amount of detail and thoughtfulness put into it. On one of the tutorial steps, I'm advised to be careful of electrical nodes that power various systems and to place them inside room of the ship so that if they ever fail they can be repaired. Also, to design redundancies in case of failure so multiple ship systems don't all go offline at once, and then to realize there is a power drain for every extra node that can require more power generators and all the while everything costs money adding to the price. Another was about putting on space suits for the crew during efficiency testing so they can survive in the case of a hull breach. Just little nuances like that go to show you how much depth this game has to offer.Right now Im in the process of learning how the placement of my hatches and rooms affects the crew during standard operation when something goes wrong and how they have to zig zag around the ship to get to where they need to perform maintenance, put out a fire, seal a breach or get a wounded crew to sickbay, just to name a few. It's detailed, engrossing, and fun to the extent that I cant wait to see what battle testing my eventual designs will be like...To imagine that I'm not only building a ship, but a company that with careful attention to detail and some time, will become the primary ship building construction company in the galaxy. Beware, Megalodon Galactic Inc. will rule the stars!TL;DR: Love this game so far. For an early access game, totally worth the twenty bucks. The replay value is in building your company and outbidding rival ship builders, becoming adept at how best to design a given ship class, as they are all drastically different and require various astute strategies to work effeciently, and refining those designs as you progress toward being able to build the hugely expensive and powerful warship classes. And then finally, testing the designs in actual missions to be able to get a rating for the ships which you can then sell on the market. It's starship construction bliss. If you don't like ship building, design and construction games, then this game isn't for you. For me, it's an awesome reprieve from the likes of Fallout 4 and Skyrim and my various 4x strategy games."
76561198032436748,Recommended,292330,32540062,Posted: 18 June,all,xRattlerStrikex,"If the idea of designing your own ship's interior layout has ever appealed to you or the challenge of maximizing the capacity of a ship design, then Starship Corporation is for you.  The contract design challenges are often times quite tough, and meeting those requirements while staying in budget can be tricky.  That's the challenge.  The research side is very straight forward relatively quick, though you can only research in three fields at once.  The game still has a few areas that need tweeking, but it's early still for this game.  There are countless hour of enjoyment and attention to detail in this game."
76561197990265363,Recommended,292330,25463308,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,karlsmit,"Been playing this alpha on and off for a few years now, the past few months have been the highest amount of development for this game, looking forward to the finished product.That said if you are looking to purchase a complete game I would wait a while.If you wish to support the deveoper to ensure this game sees completion buy it now."
76561198011050078,Not Recommended,292330,23757317,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wiz4rd,"Very slow development. Unless developers show faster progress, this may never get done.Do not buy the game at this state as it is still barely playable."
,Recommended,292330,22776394,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,David Park,"I just found out about this game a few days ago and I got interested, so maybe that's why I might have a different view on this game since I haven't been following its development up until Steam launch for alpha for years. Anyways, in its current build, which I believe is 0.8.9 alpha, it's pretty good. The concept itself is VERY interesting to me, but sadly, it does have it's bugs and crashes. Mostly when using a hotkey like Z to delete or bring back something I deleted or when I'm trying to go on to the next step on making my ship/selling it.However, I do believe this game can turn out like some other alpha games I know and really shine, hopefully because the devs are very into this and are willing to make this game better for the community who wants to play this game, with its good concept and a good experience, without having the bugs and all. Either way, for now, this is getting a thumbs up, because I believe that this game still has potential.P.S. This game also can only go forward if people try and submit the bugs and errors to the developer. Unknown bugs isn't going to help anyone."
76561198002046916,Recommended,292330,22746256,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mercy,"Game has some serious potential.  I usually don't get into early access games, but I am glad I did with this one.  It's not jus the same type of game.  It''s refreshing, something different.  I am excited to see where this game goes moving forward."
76561198030306560,Recommended,292330,34898842,Posted: 12 September,all,[FALG] MANU,"Beware, this game is in alpha state and I can totally understand if people want to keep their fingers off it. You will have to deal with crashes, bugs, restarts, a lot of saving and tons of frustration. Apparently lots of people are not aware of that, although the game is clearly stated to be in early development, and thereby give negative ratings. But it is an alpha and thereby you have to deal with problems, as simple as that.Short version:If you like optimising and fiddling with designs, as well as the space and tycoon-genres, this is for you. If you're impatient with alpha based bugs and problems, which you will most surely encounter, keep your hands off and look for something else. Come back later though, as work is going on continuously and updates are released regularly.Pros:- Design blueprints of your space ship in an always unique way, fullfilling requirements by customers most efficiently- Interact with solar systems on a galaxy map- Star systems develop, depending on trade and other exterior influences- Tycoon aspect is not simple or easy- Massive research branches: take some time to unlock new modules for your ship- Several fuselages, that you can build your design on- Maintain several shipyards to have access to more contracts- Maintain your own fleet for trade, military, mining or explorationCons:- Early state of the game- Lots of bugs and crashes- Tutorial is not really functional at the moment and lead several times to crashes so you'll have to learn by yourself- Too early to tell if the concept will be boring at one point or economy might be too easyDespite a lot of bugs and problems, it is possible to play this game and have some progress as well. I got an insight for nearly 4 hours now (designed and built 3 ships by now) and I have to say, the idea behind the game is just brilliant. Designing space ships in large scale context with business simulation, research and some more aspects in for example mining and warfare is just fabulous.The main focus of this game lies on designing the interior of space ships and you have to decide where to put things, how to arrange them in an efficient way and how to fullfill the requirements of your customer, which will be the military or police, trading companies, miners, space explorers and so on. This design aspect ends up very quickly in something comparable to Tetris and is not simple at all. You have to take care that a bridge is in place, as well as a board computer, life support for air and water treatment. Additionally, the vessel needs an engine with fuel tanks of course, as well as a generator for electric power. All the cableing has to be done for electicity, cooling, fuel, air and water and then, when everything is set and running, you have to test the ship in some sort of minigames, simulating standard operations and emergencies, such as hostile boarding parties, asteriod impacts, alien infestations and so on. After several minutes, if not hours, your first ship is finished and it is a great feeling, when you finally can assign it to your shipyard and deliver it to the customer, knowing it will be sailing around the galaxies for (hopefully!) years to come. This concept of gameplay has captured me as it is a mixture of Aurora 4X and space engineers, where you have to optimise things as well until everything is running smoothely, which to be honest, will never happen. Otherwise you would be finished with those games very quickly. And as yet, I am not bored or finished with this at all.At this point I don't really regret buying the game since I was aware what I was buying and it might help the developer making some progress boosting this game to a high level - where it definitely deserves to be."
,Not Recommended,292330,28640364,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[2.FJg]13 Foxtrot-Sldt,"The concept of this game is very interesting and something I would like to play. However, I do not recommend this game yet.The interaface leaves much to be desired. It isn't very intuitive and feels like you are back in the late 90s of computer games.Some aspects of the game need work such as the bidding process. It is just a clickfest when you get a notification. There is no strategy to it. They need to rework this so that you can't always win bids by undercutting your opponent.The test missions are a good concept, but again the interface is clunky and it seems to turn into a clickfest where clicking doesn't always seem to trigger the event you want.UNless it gets improved it is just not worth it at this time."
,Recommended,292330,23881819,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Admiral Obvious,"Very promising for such an early stage of development.If it isn't obvious, the game is what it says on the tin. You are a corporation tasked with building Starships.This is done by literally piecing together all of the internal modules of the ship using a given hull. This give a very high amount of complexity, and freedom to (try to) design the ship of your (clients) dream.After you've (finally) pieced together your ship, you run it through a series of tests, to prove to your clients that your ship is the best. Admittedly, these tests can get EXTREMELY tedious, since each module requires maintenence by certain crew members, some of which require permanent staffing, or bad things may happen (nothing says ""you dun ♥♥♥♥ed up"" like your engine turning into an inferno on the inside, on the ""normal operations"" test). Fortunately, there is a new feature in a beta branch, testing auto resolve of some of these missions (or all of them if you wanted). Granted auto resolve isn't perfect, and in some missions, like boarding simulations, it's usually better if you handle the missions yourself.The ""business management"" end of the game is a bit boring, and unnecessarily hands on at the moment though, which I believe can be solved with automation. Like, selling a type of ship for the same type of contract repeatedly, when they come up, instead of having to manually bid on each contact each time your competitors undercut you by a few bucks.I do see some great potential in the game, but it clearly needs more polish. The concept however is great, and I'd very much like to see the game, and the developer succeed."
76561197994408157,Recommended,292330,23042068,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DrFetid,A surprisingly interesting and oldschool starship builder. The general feel reminds me a lot of old Capitalism games and running your design through multiple disaster scenarios is quite entertaining if a little repeditive.
76561198008814677,Recommended,292330,22761343,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sanger Zonvolt,"Ok, some people seem to have trouble running the game, which I can´t confirm. So far I haven´t had a single crash and I have fullfilled my first contract without major issues. Only bug I had so far was that during one mission a crew member got stuck on an airlock, that´s it.The game itself isn´t fast paced strategy or a real tycoon simulator (at least not yet). It´s just pick a contract, which demands a certain type of ship. For example a freighter that can load 3000 tons and handle a small boarding. Then you choose a fuselage and place the rooms you have researched on it while trying to balance things like electricity, crew size and so on while also keepign in mind that for example exhaust and loading doors can be places where boarding takes place. So do not place the bridge, the target of every boarding crew, right beside those, for example. There are many things to consider.Then you control the crew through a varity of simulations, like the above mentioned boardings or a meteor storm or a fire in the enine room etc. The better your ship handles those the better the rating, and the more money oyu can ask for it. Of course you could also create a shity ship which barely has all the rooms it needs and places it´s crew in mortal danger, but only costs half as much as the other company? There are different tactics here.Note that every ship can try every crew simulation, but a lot of ships won´t and don´t need to handle all these. Your 3000t frighter with a crew of 10  for example doesn´t have to win a boarding manouver by 25 special forces soldiers. Your contractor won´t expect it anyway.So as oyu can see there is a lot of thought involved here, so for the love of god: Don´t buy this game and drag the ratings down if you can´t handle that. The game is not too hard (in fact it´s gotten easier since the first demo from a few years back on desura).Which brings me to my final point: The game is already in development for several years, so while it´s unlikely that it will be abandoned at this point, it´s also unlikely that it will leap forwards in huge steps I think. So if you want to support the developer, buy it, it´s worth it I think, but don´t expect the finished game next month or so."
76561198056852491,Recommended,292330,22785204,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Space Jam on VHS,"Fun game, lots of replayability. Although some things are very annoying. I hate having to manually test the ships its very time consuming and frusterating expecially when you encounter glitches halfway through a mission such as your technicians not being able to seal off doors for some reason. I feel like you should be able to automate the testing with an option to manually test for a higher score. I love the gameplay and the idea of it but for now as it stands 6/10."
,Recommended,292330,22713753,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Trebort,"I've had this on my wishlist for ages now and it's finally here, even though it's early access. I had to get it. It's perfect for me. The potential is there, but it's still a diamond in the rough. Just from half an hour of playing, it's the kind of game that will be annoyingly addictive.Been playing it for a little while now. Definitely a learning curve to start with, but it looks easy enough to master. I really need to spend more time getting to know what everything does. (I skipped the tutorial... naughty me!)Only experienced one crash while trying to load blueprints.This game has so much potential. It's only been on the market for a few hours and is definitely an alpha, but I'm loving what I see so far. I can't wait to see what this becomes. Well done devs! :D"
76561198021430946,Not Recommended,292330,22886237,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Well I've been swaying back and forth about what sort of review I should write about the game and have come to the concslusion that it has to be a thumbs down for now.The ship design element is entertaining and does provide a challenge at times with the onboard ship build requirments vs hull building space.Research is ""ok"" though it most certainly not a full tech tree, it even has some of the branches blank with nothing in them at all!Hulls that you get to build on are challenging and for the most part are ok though I still fail to see the point in having a deck with two small area's to build in when nothing you have actually fits in there.Now for the crew.....ah the crew, I feel that the design was thrown together by some untrained zoo chimps on this one... If you put a crew member in a room he/she should autofix or maintain whatever issue is wrong within that particular room, if he/she is set on a patrol route then each room with an issue on said route should be addressed by said crew member and not just have them standing there like idiots.Persistent ""crew missions"" are annoying and frustratng with a useless dumb crew juat standing around after you assign them to rooms.....they could be outside the fire circle and won't do a thing....As with other reviews on the game I can see great potential with what you guys are trying to do here but you have a very long way to go before you come close to achieving it so hopefull you can read the comments made here in the review section and adjust the game accordingly to suit?"
76561197987664334,Recommended,292330,24166650,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Eddie Krueger,"Bought this game on summer sale, and frankly, I haven't regretted it. At least not yet, after spending 20 hours with it, researched about a quarter, maybe third of the tech tree, so it seems I can anticipate another 40 hours at least. That's not bad, although several features in the trailer are not yet implemented, or locked in EA. At the same time I think it would only be worth buying at full price when those are available; namely opening offices in other systems than the Solar system and  building and complete missions with our own ships.Currently you will spend the majority of your time with two tasks: designing ships and then nursing them through an evaluation process to see how well/badly your design would work in around 20 or so scenarios including business as usual, playing Millenium Falcon in the middle of the remains of Alderaan and fending off intruders. Let's see what you can expect as of now.Design: I think it actually approaches this aspect from the wrong direction, since you develop the body of the ship and then try to cram as much stuff into it as you can, instead of designing a functional system and then build the hull around it. I think I see why the devs chose this method, but also it can be a bit frustrating sometimes, when you realize you've put less cooling than needed, and the only space available is at the front of the ship (otherwise known as the place where you don't want to be during a meteor shower), so you can't let the ship leave the shipyard without a shield generator in good conscience, but that way the power provided by the reactors is less than required and you have just not enough place to put down another one. So, the first few of your desings will be redesigned several times until you can fit everything into the limited space even though the medic's quarter doubles as a corridor.... And you know what? It's fun if you don't mind sometimes deleting back the last half an hour work of yours. Thumbs up for being able to save the current desing in case the modifications don't yield the expected results.A tip from me: research energy/cooling/water/etc. connectors as fast as you can to be able to use one deck's excess power on another, or to be able to place an air tank on an other deck than the one your life support resides on.Evaluation: Also known as Crew Management in the game. Here you will find a number of scenarios and by completing them your ship accumulates points in Standard Operation, Emergency Response and in I Shoot You In The Face For Setting Foot On My Ship. More points mean your ship is more valuable, and that means you'll get more money for it.You play here as the invisible and omniscientious captain of the ship, intructing your crew to deal with arising problems like fire raging through the ship or aliens snacking on your hull. You do this in a pausable RTS mode. This part needs some polishing in my opinion, because many of the scenarios are a bit tedious, for example chasing electric malfunctions around the whole ship for ten minutes can grow old quite fast even on the smallest fuselage. But several of them are fun (in a way), or rewarding in a sense that I was quite proud when I first passed the meteor shower scenario with almost no damage thanks to my newly developed shield generators or when I first saw the crew charging in the engine room eliminating those pesky green mf's with their brand new pistols.A tip from me: Since update 3 you can autoresolve all missions, but I'd recommend using this feature in moderation. Mostly you'll get far better scores by playing them yourself, but in several cases the automatic method can somehow produce points where you may fail. Example: the alien infestation scenario is pretty much unsolvable without firearms in my opinion, but autoresolve will bring you 2 or 3 points there.The 3rd area you will spend time on: the Market. Currently it looks like it's in only to provide you a cause to desing ships. You'll get an occasionally updating list of contracts and by completing them you'll get money to cover your operation and research costs. Not much to see here (at least not yet), because if you keep researching technologies and bid on contracts you think you can complete/already have a qualifying design, you will not run out of money.A tip from me: Getting the most points attainable for a desing in the SOP/ERS/HEP ratings (HEP scenarios provide mostly 0 points for ships without weaponry) seems to ensure that your competitors can't outbid you. But, to be honest, I never was outbid except in the tutorial, so there's that.Finally: Research a.k.a. Technology. Simplest part of the game. You have 3 research stations (in EA; later it may change) and a number of system waiting to be researched and used during design. You click on an idle station, then click on an unresearched piece of engineering marvel, the game tells you how much that will cost, you click OK, and then you wait until it becomes available. You won't be surprised here, the techs mostly provide you an upgraded version of an earlier module which usually takes up more space than before but is more efficient, except in a few cases (engine, computer) where it shrinks while being superior.Let me say a few words about the game in general. I haven't encountered game breaking bugs or crashes, so thumbs up for that. That doesn't mean it's bug free, but nothing serious so far.  (Edit: Just now it crashed during probe attack. Don't forget to save often...)One thing can happen during design when you pick up an already placed module to put it elsewhere, and it disappears leaving only a 1x1 m size ""cursor"" behind on the ships deck which you can't do anything with; no selecting, no nothing. Fortunately switching to power/cooling/fuel/etc grid mode and back to module building fixes this.Another thing that bugs me, that the tutorial mentions at a point that you can lock hatches. Supposedly you'd need to do this when the hull is breached and air is sucked out of the ship. You'd lock the hatch, turn the damaged room off to cut air supply and then your engineers could safely approach the breach to repair. Well, for the life of me I couldn't find the option to actually lock hatches. I can turn them off, but that doesn't lock them.Another thing with hull breaches that they can be unpredictable. Turning off the damaged and all somewhat adjacent rooms seem to stop the air escaping and thus not sucking your approaching engineer into the cold vacuum of space, but sometimes air somehow finds a way to f**k with you and start leaking again, and the next thing you see is that you have one less guy complaining on payday about bonuses. So, either you switch a buttload of rooms off and then on when the hull is repaired, which is just as tedious as you think, or you simply switch life support off, instantly stopping the airflow. Just don't forget to turn it back on when you hear your men gasping for air.Aaaaaand... that's all. For now. I eagerly await the promised ""explore the galaxy with ships you built"" feature, expecting the scenarios in Crew Management and more, but randomly occuring. Until then I have to make with repairing simulated hull breaches caused by simulated asteroids."
76561198030864700,Not Recommended,292330,23245182,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,KhashFirestorm,"- Starship design:  is cool. Interesting enough for the product with great ability to grow.- Testing design is interesting but not great.- Character navigation is terrible. If in game where you have to manage multiple characters they does not do what they are told, and in many cases try to go and do stuff ordered to other characters instead. It is more than terrible as its critical to the gameplay.for now 3 out of 10I have on purpose passed 2 hours, I dont want return. I hope this game will evolve to something much better.There is as well tons of ""promissed"" features which usually say ""not yet implemented"" so lets fingers cross they will deliver :D"
76561197967219542,Recommended,292330,22758152,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,maverickwoe,"Reviewing the Alpha.The concept of the game is awesome really so this will be a positive feedback assuming the game gets the necessary upgrades. It's more a thumbs-up for the developer so that they carry on.But the game is really in an alpha state so I wouldn't recommend buying now, you will see a large chunk of cons but they didn't stop me from playing, it's just that if you don't have time or curiosity to deal with them, you should wait for a later version of the game.Pick a hull, build the rooms of your ship and stress it under specific use cases like firestorm, piratery, or simple normal operation.Sell your creation in the galaxy by answering speficic requests from companies.Research new modules for new features.The game content is quite complete right now. Or at least sufficiently large anough to make the game interesting to play.All the situations are playable, a lot of different rooms to research, a whole galaxy with tons of systems where you can build an office and start answering specific needs and a final mission.I'm sure most of the cons will be corrected at some point but here they areThe cons :- You don't get much personal satisfaction until you've finalised a complete ship and its tests so, unlike most other game, you will be frustrated of doing and doing again until you make the perfect ship and go through the numerous tests. So I guess it's lacking simple objectives to start with and get a hold of the game. Like a non manned ship for instance or a single seater fighter...- Building your ship can be a pain due to corrifor management. I think there should be a free draw corridor system. Though, it works...- Very bugged at the moment, but well, it's an alpha, lots of in game error pops or crashes but its playable anyway.- I find the time you spend on just planning the route of your crew to optimize necessary maintenances very painful. Your team is slow, maintenance stats go down very quickly, difficult to synchronise all of them when they have to meet back in the same room cause this room needs 4 crew to maintain and so on. This game should not be a patrol tycoon :-)- I was kinda confused by the breaches. Still haven't figured out how to not kill the crew while attempting rushed repair  or not having the rest of the crew die with lack of oxygen while you suit up or loosing a whole area of the ship by sealing it off with little expectation to retrieve it some day.- Lack of indicators and bars so that you understand the status of the rooms in one glimpse.- Couldn't find a way to make the crew escape in the emergency evacuation system- Interface is annoying, like when you want to go to previous menu ingame, you'd prefer starting over from the 1st menu cause it's clumsy. Or not really intuitive. You often wonder where to click at the start.- Tutorial is just enough for the Alpha, Still images. It needs to be improved for the final verison. Though without it I would have never figured out how to maintain rooms in the ship...- If anything happens on your ship, then your technicians go away to deal with the problem and all your maintenances get disrupted = chaos. Yes, you can have an army of technicians though to deal with that but not really efficient.- Sounds need to be balanced or reviewed. Like the hard breath when soemone is about to die. And it's even worse when ALL your crew is about to die... Just die quietly please, don't overload my ears.Your ship has a flaw ? You need to change the plan ? Awww,tooo bad, you'll have to start all the tests over even if you add a screw in the captain chair. So, piece of advice, think ahead  and assume the consequences. Maybe this flawed design version of a ship can be sold at good price anyway !To conclude, you'll probably wonder why a thumbs up with so many things to correct! Well, simple, I don't know any game that puts you in this ""design and test"" situation where you honestly feel like you're a ship manufacturer with the difficulties it brings.It's just missing the production line setup in the factory ;-) jokingLot of work ahead though !"
76561198094989168,Recommended,292330,22799709,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,mary_fisher,"I think it would be a mistake to try this game expecting it to be a tycoon game or an RTS, and maybe that is what throws some people of. (Aside from the not super surprising still buggy state of the game - considering it's a one-man effort and in early access.) I see it more as a challenge in efficiency with almost puzzle-like character, where you can spend hoursdesigning ships, testing them on missions, going back to optimize, and finally either keep them or sell them off. The last part is not what attracted me to the game in the first place and for me it's more there to keep the challenges coming, so maybe that's why I'm not as bothered that it is the least fleshed-out aspect of the game. In that sense it reminds me a little of campaigns in city-building games, where you're usually tasked with fulfilling a specific set of requirements instead of sandboxing freely. I hope for the next release that the developer's focus will be on more of these ""chapters"" (aka different types of contracts) and more components for the tech tree."
76561198015922032,Recommended,292330,22927389,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,luxiloid,"Since this is an alpha version there are somethings sill need to be developed and calibrated. However, it is still so much fun. I have been playing day and night for three days straight but I found some issues that make me hold the game play until the next patch.1. In large ships with many separated rooms even in the same levels, the crews don't move well to the designation. I have to click near by stairs and rooms manually. If left alone, crews try to move to the same level but to different deck. They sometimes get stuck in locations too.2. I don't know why the ship evaluation screen is named as crew management. What you actually do is just application testing of the ship to get SOP, ERS and  HEP scores.3. Getting the ship evaluated to earn SOP, ERS and HEP is so much fun for few times. However, if I have to redo it over and over for little design improvements, it is also frustrating. Hope there is an AI doing it automatically. Or, there is automatic evaluation based on calculation."
,Recommended,292330,34061740,Posted: 6 August,all,Bryant,"So the game is EA and certainly a lot of work needs to be done, but it has a lolt of potential.I'll start with the negatives, interface, while it has been reworked is still a bit clunkly.  Route planning for crew can be tedious, and some parts dont rotate to fit.  Also a few hangs and script crashes.  Slow load times, but fine once you are in.I know it is EA some I am tolerent of the bugs.  The story needs to be developed, it is a bit weak, and boring.The positives, build a custom layout of a ship in predesigned hull configurations.  This was my reason, it is like a city builder on a micro scale, well and less micro management.  Overall building the ships to fill customer requirements then running it through its trails is fun.  There is also the ability to build ships and send them out to mine and fight pirates, not just sell them for a contract.  As the game evolves I think the contract selling will become less important.Would I recommend this game, sure, if you like the genre, go ahead.  But it is EA and many will be disappointed with that.  At least it is EA and being developed.  I have bought many completed games, and was still disappointed, which to me is even worse."
76561198041573973,Recommended,292330,34870847,Posted: 10 September,all,Bzerka,"Great concept, I really hope this game gets off the floor. However, its currently really hard to play as you have to wait at least 5 minutes to load and has mini freezes while ingame. Also tends to crash alot currently (11/09/17)Recomending this because if you can play it, its a really good, unique game that doesnt have any competition (that i can find).goodluck devs."
,Recommended,292330,24047290,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,20k,"Split deck pathfinding has been fixed (as far as I'm aware), and crew management is now optional (AI autoresolve). A lot of the reviews here have had the complaints directly addressed in the 3rd game update, so I'd recommend giving it a crack if that's what was putting you offIts still quite early access so don't expect a totally smooth ride, but the devs seem to be working on it at a pretty fast pace to address the problems"
76561198007335453,Not Recommended,292330,26225125,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Kumorigachi,"Its a Starship design business sim that...lacks the core feature..the ability to 'build an sale"" the ships. the idea is nice an while i don't mind supporting EA companies...when the game leaves out its primary functions. it doesn't seem worth keeping maybe later i'll rebuy it ...but for now i'd rather refund it.i mean its really surprising when a game takes (3) minutes to start up(the launch graphic even states it might take that long so its not that bad. 2 minutes after that screen.Then switching between windows has more loading.Once past the loading the ship designer!...didn't seem to bad but i feel like i picked a bad start for a first time starting with almost no funds...with the goal of learning all the tech. Now i don't mind hard.but heres the best part ...you figure since you only have 5k remaining of your 25k starting money...your ships cost about 7,500 to build these are the ""sample"" and ""tutorial ships"" designing a new ship to start selling an stuff...costs around 10k. i had a 10k credit limit so i had a little lee way to go into debt. (debt limit was choose able so i mostly made it harder on myself).decide i'll just build a few of the tutorial/sample starter ships to sell cause designing one was a bit expensive so i go to click build and.............Ya know its a game to build an sale starships...and i'm told once i click on the button that ""You cannot build ships in this version""....Exactly what am i supposed to do with the ships i design if.......i can't build and then sell them? i mean i was under the impression this was  the point of the game...But i guess not...cause you would think even at the EA stage you would have the core feature added but nope!.........time to go buy automation an see if thats better..........hopefully i can atleast sell the cars i design there!And you can only have one system office currently the maps not big..your not able to explore or send ships anywhere its a good idea but even for early alpha its way early. and there isn't much to do that allows you to enjoy the game currently."
,Recommended,292330,34030103,Posted: 4 August,all,[IAM] AGTMADCAT,"I've only just started getting into this, but for an Early Access title it's really excellent. There's polishing to be done, bugs to be squashed, and features to re-work; but my gods, the core of this is brilliant. This is the game I never knew I wanted.If you demand your games be totally finished before you buy them, hold off a bit - there's more work to be done.But if building your own ships and putting them through their paces appeals to you, then hop in and give this a go now - it's fun now and should only improve from here."
76561198121386006,Recommended,292330,23434023,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,embersol,Pretty good if you like designing layouts.
76561198001938262,Recommended,292330,22713027,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Zeabz,I have been tracking this game for awhile.  Played it in early early alpha and loved it then.  Could see myself playing this hours more.So far i have researched acouple of items and started to build my first contract.   I might need to do a quick refresh with the tutorial though.  Totally forgot how to transfer power between floors.Will update again9/10
76561198096999094,Recommended,292330,22716216,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Cian,"This game has much potencial and it is very fun to build ships and sell the blueprints, but one should be aware that this game is very much still in development and chrashes and bugs are still an issue and will probably be an issue in the further development of the game. If one wants to get early on the ship do so if you want, but If you seek for a full experience wait until it is out of early access."
76561198088135999,Recommended,292330,34484464,Posted: 25 August,all,Friedhelm Winter,"I hope more people help pushing this game on. It's already great. Sure it will need some fixes and there is still alot of content to come, but the Developers ideas will fill the potential this game has, i am sure."
76561198034177991,Recommended,292330,33659402,Posted: 19 July,all,[TRG]Dan,"I quiet enjoy the game. It requires alot of polish and memory fixing, along with some small bugs here and there, but so far, the concept, gameplay, and content are all solid. I fulyl support this game and it's endevores!"
76561197979588471,Recommended,292330,33251283,Posted: 4 July,all,macera8,"Thumbs up, but barely. The ship-building concept is great, and I'd love to see this game develop further, but it has a long way to go. The biggest problem right now is long loading times. Every time you switch to a different tab in the UI, you'll have to wait 15-30 seconds. You will end up spending almost as much time waiting as playing. I'm a patient guy, but even this was too much for me to take."
76561198084416564,Recommended,292330,23236136,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Explosive Diarrhea,"Has potential to be a good game, unfortunately the interface is very clunky.  It's like they intended it to be 5 different programs, and them mashed them together.  The NPC's also get one final chance to outbid you after you have submitted your last bid, which they usually do unless you bid to make almost no profit on the design.  I'd hold off on this one until it gets a little further down the development pipeline.UPDATE -  The recent update actually made the interface worse.  Gone is the technolgy tree, its just a list of technolgies with no way I have seen of determining what the pre-requisites are for some technolgies.   Still has a long way to go."
76561198007574083,Not Recommended,292330,25351939,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,A_Real_Shame,"Ok so my thoughts so far are that the game is incredibly deep as far as customization goes. However, it has its bugs. I just wasted 30 minutes trying unsuccessfully to seal a hull breach because the tutorial sucks. So, lots of potential, but I do not recommend something this broken and young at this price. I would like to see where development takes it."
,Recommended,292330,22880051,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Reznor,Anyone complaining that this game is incomplete should pay closer attention to the Early Access descriptions from the developer as well as the blatant warnings about such on their store page description.Aside from that this is a game with a great core concept and I can't way to see it be developed further. This fulfills a primal urge in the heart of a management and simulation game lover.
76561198040900368,Recommended,292330,24460613,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MacroNova,"I purchased this game quite recently thanks to hearing about it from Scott Manley and there have already been two updates, including a much-needed autoresolve feature for the crew tests.Game is quite fun with lots of potential, though much work is still required."
,Recommended,292330,22732327,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gumper,Impressive amount of polish for an early access game. Really looking forward to seeing how this progresses.
,Recommended,292330,22722278,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Azuloiro,"I have played it for just a few hours, but this game is really promising. If you enjoy designing your own spaceships and creating your own mega corporation, this is the game for you. Tutorials are very helpfull and, even though the game still has some bugs, it can be played. Looking forward to the next updates!10/10 Starship Tycoon"
76561197971971321,Recommended,292330,26445917,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MrLobster,Very detailed simulation of starship design and testing...delivers pretty much exactly what you would expect/they describe.there are some issues but its still EA and i had no major problems.
,Recommended,292330,23216692,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,therafkid,"So this is my first review I've done of game. Whilst i have only played just over 3 hours, that was in a single session where i tested out as many things as possible. The game itself is clearly unfinished, but it is still very playable.The tutorial whilst clunky, is easy to follow and explains the important aspects of the game. I feel further explenation should have been done in certain areas such as having spare staff on hand to assist with dealing with situations onboard. Yes the AI is stupid in that it isnt very autonomous, but having had the game patched to increase the AI potential just last night, makes me think that things will improve.There are other aspects of the game that need improvment but again this is early access and you should expect that. Is it worth the price, maybe. I think that the £14.99 i paid was at the highest end of what i would willingly pay for this game in its current state. Having siad that the deveolopers have indicated that at time of writing there is no plans to increase the cost, so we will see if the final version makes this a more attractive price.Overall it isnt a bad game, yes it has issues but seems to be actively supported by the devs who after the first month of release have released a patch which fixes a reasonable amount of stuff. They have listened to feedback and seem to be making steps in the right direction. Having been on both sides of a early access backing (with successful and abandoned projects) I would reccomend this game to anyone with the a patient attitude and an open mind. If you dont fit this, then consider watching and waiting and seeing how well this goes."
76561198052331846,Recommended,292330,31795157,Posted: 16 May,all,mjmacri,"Ok, you need to get past the fact that the game is in early access, and that crashes are going to happen, and its feels a bit rough. That said, the concept of the game is fun.  As of right now, you get 1 solar system, it will be interesting to see what happens when the rest of the galaxy is released.Do you like designing things?Does bidding your superior ship, and beating out the competition's junk appeal?Then the game in its current form will be entertaining."
76561198006595227,Not Recommended,292330,23907084,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hielor,"As you can see, I spent a lot of time in this game, but it ended up being fairly disappointing.  I had high hopes for it since it seemed like it would be Traveller Deckplans: The Game, but absurd ship designs with inexplicable holes in the middle and terrible crew AI/pathing ruined it.  The missions get repetitive and old very quickly and I found myself wishing I could just have the AI do it for me rather than spend an hour per ship design watching asteroids bounce off my shields.The basic mechanics of the actual deckplan builder are all right, but you're constantly given contracts that you can't complete without a lot of research (which you won't be able to finish before the contract expires) and forced to deal with ship designs that are frustrating for the sake of being frustrating.Maybe if the AI gets fixed so it can actually use the split deck that are forced upon you (or it gives you more options for reasonable ship designs without split decks) this game will be better, but for now skip it.Edit: As of July 2017, the game now offers the option to auto-resolve the missions.  When the current beta-branch changes are pushed to the main branch (and hopefully the crashes are resolved) I'll update this review further."
76561197973575529,Recommended,292330,22733745,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,LarryTee,A number of bugs but playable mostly. Load times are very very long even off my SSD. I can see this turning into a fun game. I think interface needs a little work to make it more enjoyable to play. I would give it 7/10 Could be higher just not easy to figure out unless your the guy that designed it. But with some work could be very good and fun. I hope they stay with it as I can see it being alot of fun to play.
76561197960967170,Not Recommended,292330,26376572,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Zombie101,I find the UI is a mess.  Everything that should be simple is made have like 4 step for just 1 that really needed.  Just trying do figure out basics get started is a challage.  Simpler games in early 2000 could do alot better.I do play alot games UI and Tutorial need be alot better for this.
,Not Recommended,292330,33929651,Posted: 31 July,all,lordofmacedon,"This game could be great but right now its bare boned. Not to fun and the tutorial wasn't the most clear at time. Hard for me to get into the game. It would be great to have a thing where instead of getting contracts and you create based on those contract, you can create a ship based on the demands of the market and compete against AI corporations by trying to sell your ship. sorta like how aircraft manufactures work. They create the aircraft and airliners come to them."
,Not Recommended,292330,22784568,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ukju,"There's an excess of unfun micromanagement with the crew management minigame. You have to put through each design of spaceship through a series of arduous tests before your design can even be sold for profit. I wish I watched some videos on youtube before purchasing this game.The tutorials took me a few hours to get through, and unfortunately it makes it so that I can't refund the game anymore."
76561198126901873,Not Recommended,292330,22785182,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,sbarnard3,"So, do I recommend buying this game… At this point in time it would have to be no. The parts that are working are working pretty well. The problem is there isn’t enough working to make the game fun to play. I really think there is potential; I liked assembling the ships and trying to optimize them with the new technology that I researched.This is definitely a title that I will revisit again, but as it stands now it’s largely unplayable."
,Recommended,292330,22786716,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,revalation,Good game great potential just a shame it keeps crashing t present.
,Recommended,292330,22831351,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SnowHeart,"Starship Corporation is definitely a game in progress and is not as polished as some other early access games have been. This is a very early build; I would think of it more as a buggy demo. But, keeping in mind that it is early access and the developers are continuing to work on it and are engaging with the community regarding feedback and bug reports, I think this has a lot of promise.  More to the point, despite the bugs and glitches and limited functionality, I've already spent about 12 hours on this game and don't regret a single moment.If you're into tycoon-style games, space-games and have ever wanted to really build every aspect of a ship (rather than just slap parts onto the exterior), I would recommend checking out this game. Maybe wait a little while for the bugs to get worked out and more functionality added, but it's worth your consideration."
,Recommended,292330,22836406,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Tobman10,"Overall a very fun game that combines economy, build/design, and RTS into one. I almost always have fun when playing this game. My only major complaints are the frequent and strange bugs and some lacking content but this game was just released in alpha a week ago so i'm giving it a chance. If the devs continue to be active with the community and fix and add on to this game I think it is going to turn out great."
,Recommended,292330,22825437,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,gruntmaster1,"As a game that has just been launched into early access, it still has much of it features missing, mostly in the area of bussiness and contracts. Currently there are only design contracts and you can perform research to get larger more efficient modules or completely new ones.In contrast to most other ship design games, this has a focus on civil vessels and is basicly a starship manufactor tycoon. You will be able to also design military vessels in the future, but no weapons are currently available. The contracts have specific requirements, such as rooms that need to be present (the game tells you if you have not yet researched them), stats, maximum crew, construction budget and if a specific fuselage (hull) should be used. The contract can also require a minimum of the three major ratings SOP, ERS and HES, exceeding these adds to the value of the design compared to the competitors.Example on a contract:contract for light cargo shipRooms required: noneFuselage: not specified (any can be used)Budget Limit: 19k Btc (yes bitcoins are the currency of the game)Freight Capacity: 1100 tonsFuel Capacity: 50 tonsMax. Crew Count: 12Range: 94 lightyearsMission duration: 2.00 months (you need enough air and water capacity to travel for that duration)Speed: 1.00 kcRatings: Design 60, SOP 13, ERS 31 and HEP 0When selecting a contract you can see a list of your current designs and a percentage for how close they are to fulfilling that contract. You can also save a contract to keep a list of the ones you're interested in. When designing a ship you can ""link"" it to a saved contract and easily see how close the design is to fulfilling the contract. You can also make a custom requirements if you want to make a design that fulfills multiple contracts. The design aspect is the core of the game and the area that feels the most complete. Once you start connecting powerlines, cooling lines, fuel lines, air lines and water lines the game start to lag, so could use some optimization.After finishing a design you save it as a ship class. This ship class then have to be rated doing crew simulations. This is the area that has been criticized the most. I agree that it could use some improvements, but your experience also depends on how well the infrastructure is designed. For SOP (normal operations) you should be able to set up patrol rutes and just got make a sandwitch or something. If you can't, then you don't have enough crew to support the current design. You can ""fix"" this by adding more crew quarters or improve the infrastructure of the design so it is faster for the current crew to move around. The game could do a better job of explaining maintanence and patrols in the tutorial and how to fix hull breaches. A higher speed setting than x2 normal speed would also be very welcome as it can become a bit repetive. You can pause during the crew simulation by pressing P, so you don't have to worry about APM and such in the emergency tests.I think the game has a sound fundation. It still has a way to go in both content, optimization and polish, but that is to be expected as a newly released early access title. The design phase is where it currently shines the most and if you enjoy tinkering with designs (spending 1-1.5 hours per design on the smaller fuselages). Fuselages currently vary from 1037 m^2 to 4480 m^2 and with various number of decks (highest I have seen is 5 decks). The currently largest fuselage is under the category military small, with military medium and military large not having any right now."
76561198011553969,Recommended,292330,22841756,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,markbrad,"A game to allow you to design a starship? My idea of heaven!So does it deliver? In short yes, on the design part anyway. Making a ship to fit the customers requirements is a challenge but not overally complex. Each requirement is basically a room (or rooms), so for example cargo bays, engine rooms etc. But these come with their own requirements, engines need fuel so add a fuel tank ""room"", but depending on the range requirements you might need more than 1 fuel tank. Engines and other system require cooling, so add enough cooling ""rooms"" to provide sufficent cooling so the ship doesn't over heat. There are enough details to provide a idea of realisim, eg cooling rooms need venting hatches to space so you have to plan accordingly. Then all this need joining up with corridors and fuel/cooling lines etc. All this is supported by a resource tree to allow you to perform R&D to build better systems and bigger ships.Once you have built the ship it's time for it's shake down test run. It's not obvious if this is supposed to be a simulated test run or you've actually built a prototype ship and it's in space. But either way this is where the fun disappears from the game.It's micro-management in it's most anally retentive form. The ship is populated with crew such as pilots, engineers and medicial staff and at this point you have to tell them how to do their job. I seriously HATE games which do this. Starship Corp has gone to such lengths to make a semi-realistic sitution of designing a ship but then it wants to tell a crew how to do it's job? ""Hey engineers, you have to go to all these rooms to perform routine maintence"" and when it's fixed you have to tell them again, or if you want to get smart then add a round robin path for them to wander and fix stuff.""Hey engineers? If you don't fix these rooms you'll all die"", would anyone just sit about waiting for death without being given an order? Add a Chief Engineer to automatically delegate this crap too. Same goes for the pilots, you have to tell them to visit the computer core, because apparently pilots need to do this as part of their job. Well if it's part of their job then why do I have to tell them? I'm a Starship designer not a Captain or Team Leader! Did Thomas Andrews (designer of the Titanic) run about telling the crew when and where to be and what to do when they got there? Doubtful...Overall it's a great concept and the design part is wonderfull and at this early part of development it can only get better. It's however let down by click happy micro-management test flight phase which in comparison to the rest of the game looks like is was a design after thought."
76561197979165363,Recommended,292330,33932554,Posted: 31 July,all,GreenHaddock,"A great start! This game is far from complete, but I have high hopes for it."
,Recommended,292330,34133761,Posted: 9 August,all,Heavymarine,"I love the idea of this game and its fun when it works, but boy this one is unstable!"
,Recommended,292330,22872893,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Wintermist,"If you like designing starships to become as efficient as possible this is the game for you. Yes this is a review of the early access and it shows a lot of promise. It has all the principles right, it just needs to get finished and polished."
76561198012821328,Recommended,292330,26256489,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Unfettered,"A little gem of an idea loaded with potential. It's far from ready for prime time yet, so if you're looking for a game you can step right into without issue, this isn't the one just yet. What's currently there is an incredibly complex and detailed ship building system, a bidding market and a robust research tree. I'm giddy thinking about what this game could become, but right now it's missing some things and has early access kinks to work out. (Also, get ready for a steep learning curve!)If you're thinking about whether or not to support the development of this game, however, I'd recommend ""yes"". It's an excellent premise that's so untapped, and this game shows the beginnings of a real winner that finally taps into that subtler, businesslike side of spaceship design. It has the potential to be a unique and extremely fun management sim down the line."
,Recommended,292330,22843225,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Terminal Rex,"Ive been following this game for ages, long before it came to steam early access. It is a great game with lots of potential, people tend to forget that early acess games are incomplete games so base their reviews on a games current state, however I beleive you should base an early acess review on a games potential and this game is ozzing with it."
76561198318724589,Recommended,292330,33642611,Posted: 18 July,all,Ryan Games 15,Great game
76561197985847263,Recommended,292330,22727582,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,[LoR] Team Triss,"This game puts the ""Early"" in Early Access.  It's very, very rough.That said, if you can deal with EA shenanigans, this game has wonderful potential.To start, you're limited to one solar system (which limits your selection of ship contracts) and design-type contracts (you're contracted to design a ship, building ships is not currently in the game).You pick and choose what contracts you want to fulfill, and then you get down to the fun part.  Depending on what you currently have researched (there's a half decent tech ""tree"" in the game already, each part type has tiers that you unlock), you can start placing modules around a fuselage.  Modules are connected via hatches and corridors (that you add), and you have to wire and plumb the various power/fuel/oxygen/water lines around the ship.  The types of modules you add will determine the specs of the ship, which must meet or exceed the customer requirements.Then, you get to simulate how well your ship will do.  There are a bunch of scenarios you run your ship through to give it ratings, which increase the price you can sell it for.  Again, the contract his a minimum rating your ship needs before you can bid with it.Then, you have to bid on the contract, and the AI can undercut you.  Once you win the contract, you transfer the design and get paid.I thought I would care more about ship design and less about the simulations and ratings, but I find myself rerunning the sims trying to get better scores.  It's addicting!This review was of the first EA-release; I will try to update as patches come out.EDIT: For those of you marking this as non-helpful, please leave a comment so I can address your concerns."
76561197967469613,Not Recommended,292330,22767766,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jBrereton,"So I haven't played this game for long, but I have played it enough to recognise its problems, and they are pretty fundamental and damning.The game is basically 3 games, which are a business simulator that's a little inconsistent and buggy so far, a ship blueprint designer which, at least at the start, is much more like a puzzle game than a way to get creative or clever about design (as an aside, you have to power staircases but you can't run a cable or pipes downstairs? What?), and as a third element, an overtaxing but underwhelming ship simulator.People have compared it to FTL, but it's more like if you had to constantly move your crew around every room for ten minutes per sector in FTL or your ship explodes before it can even do the first jump. And your crew never shuts up when you're telling it to do this. If that sounds like a great idea, you might just be the target market for this game.Anyway, the main, crippling problem with this game is that after you've picked a contract and designed a blueprint suitable for its requirement, if you change your ship designs even a little bit (even literally rearranging a few doors and readjusting the wiring so they work right), you have to go through the stressful-yet-tedious process of recertifying the ship, which is a ten minute  simulation of the ship running (real time, you can pause and slow down).Now you could theoretically turn the speed up, but you have to direct your crew to maintain your vessel, and even on a tiny seven-man ship (the smallest possible), that requires near-constant input because there's no automation whatsoever. And if anything goes wrong eight or nine minutes into the process, you really have to start again because otherwise your rating for how well the ship performs gets tanked, and you need a certain rating for your ship to get bought.Until you've done that, you also can't access the more theoretically enjoyable parts of testing the ship, where you try to prove it's safe in a series of emergency situations. But too many of these have the same patience-testing ten minute time limit, and if you discover that there's some kind of flaw in your design when it comes to dealing with one problem or another, welp, guess you have to do the original certification all over again, plus everything else.Oh and incidentally you still have to maintain the ship in the ten minute emergency certifications, just like the ""sit here and make sure the ship doesn't break down by clicking and listening to radio barks a lot"" mode. Brill.Now in a game called Detroit from 1994, you had to do something like this too. They've somewhat similar games, in fact. Same big map screen with (eventually for this project) different markets, and your factories and labs, with a designer and a related test function.Big difference between this game and Detroit is that in Detroit, it doesn't take three f*cking hours to not quite be able to sell your first car, because although you tuned your gear ratios and connected up your brake fluid just so, you didn't optimally design your automobile to sustain an attack by tommy gun wielding gangsters that you as a CEO have to survive for nearly a quarter of an hour, so it's back to the drawing board (and then test centre... again...).I might actually like this game if they started excising big parts of what it currently is. But that's not the usual trajectory for an EA project, so I can't recommend it in good faith. Sorry, boys."
76561198319836678,Recommended,292330,32527409,Posted: 17 June,all,hdjackill,"I can see the pontential of Starship corporation though in it's current state I have mixed feelings about it but im confident that when this game is complete it will be a good one and I recommend that if you like what you see at the moment to support the game, though I would like to see a bit more of were the developer/s are taking this game cause all the potential I see is from what is currently implemented in the game and id also like to see more feedback from the dev/s to have a better idea on what's going on with this game, as is I rate it 5/10"
76561197971109655,Recommended,292330,31344461,Posted: 24 April,all,Goodspeed,"So far I have really enjoyed the game.  I've designed about a dozen or so ships, once you complete a couple of builds it's not too hard.Yes it's difficult starting out, yes the game will crash on you but this is early access.Hopefully it will continue to improve as development continues."
,Recommended,292330,29856147,Posted: 11 February,all,Mod,Never played a game like it before.  Very cool concept but still in the early in development.  It is mostly playable but will crash once in a while.  It needs some array bounds checking as well but all in all the game is pretty cool and I expect it to get even better as it matures.
,Recommended,292330,29879256,Posted: 12 February,all,b_naus,"Its a pretty good game and I'm glad I got it, it has a few flaws and improvements I would like to see, a couple random crashes and what not. Since its still in early access, hopefully there will be even more improvents and tweeks in the future. I reccomend it espcially if you catch it on a sale!"
76561198027048925,Recommended,292330,25239231,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Spyken,"Game got alougth of potential, but for now, it is wort a sad 4/10 whit a easy 6/10 workable fix.Good:-Cool tec tree ( can still be improved)-Nice building schematic(working well)Average:-The saving is a nigthmare (save the ship, save the plan, save the game, save the name, save the memo)(some work need to be done)-Reaching cretera demanded in testing is hard to reatch.Bad:-Playing the test of your ship desing is a nigthmare. Your lost in de command option. It is impossible de select rigth away what you want your crew member to do. haf the time, you dont know what to do to resolve a problem. it is merely impossible to distinguish eatch crew member. It is impossible to manage the ship upkeep and the ship fix, all break up at the same time.-Game do not empty video cache and turn a nice game into a lagging in hell game over time.-Haf of the game is not working well and a part is not avalable.-Game start to lag the more we put objects in it.-There is a glitch where you can't never have the best bid on projects.-The corporation never get income and always get into financial crisis.-Game economy and time is unbalanced(alougth of work to be done)I recomand it for its potential in the future, but do not wait for it to be amazing rigth now."
,Not Recommended,292330,22776226,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Iridium,"Maybe, someday, this can be a great tycoon style game. It is certainly not now.Right now, it's a terrible UI stapled painfully to a buggy mess trying to poorly execute a decently amusing concept. It's a nightmare of menus and unnecessary double-work. It's an eye-strain fantasy land of mandatory 8pt text on my 2560x1600 monitor, and oh by the way it doesn't do 16:10 natively. It's a game that makes Madden 2K6's menu system look fluid and well-executed.And the in-game currency is Bitcoin, here in this far future space extravaganza, which really says everything you need to know.Maybe, someday, this will be ok. But for me the wrongness was very clear, very early."
76561198043713818,Not Recommended,292330,23194974,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Alice Margatroid,"tried the tutorial, it looks like a fun game, however from looking around, the developers have not been able to make much progress, this game has some bad bugs which should not exist as they  prevent anyone from properly testing the game, let alone playing it.the main bugs encountered incude the tutorial buggingin out the game mechanics, the tutorial galxey being unsable to be overwritten by a real game file causing the game to error out anytime you try to start a sandbox game after that.the tutorial was also very poorly written, often jumping all over the place and fails to properly describe what you need to do, while I know I am smart enough to deal with this, the way the tutorial was written shows  a clear lack of understanding from the devs on what the actuall mechanics are ment to be and how a player should sort out the work flow to be successful.as I could not test out anything past that, I find this be something worth advoiding for now, I might look into it later, but as of now, I will be refunding it. if a dev is not willing to make the main functions work, then I will not be willing to waste my money on it."
,Recommended,292330,22719178,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9VPNKwMsm8This is about a 45min video that introduces the game, informs purchasing decisions, and goes over the tutorial as entertainingly as possible so that you have an accurate understanding of where the game is and where it can potentially go!For fullscreen and other videos please visit:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
,Not Recommended,292330,23554804,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nex̅usdog,"It has potential, given time & development, but in it's current state Starship Corporation is part glorified spreadsheet and part buggy ship builder.The research & contractual elements are just lists really, you research but there's no actual input as such, just select what you want to research, assign it and wait. The presentation of the tech tree lacks clarity visually, it's purely a list of stats when it comes down to it.The ship building element has the promise to be fun and interesting but very limited in it's current form. Pathing for techs and personnel is extremely poor, linking systems between decks isn't available and you're limited to building within the confines of superstructures of starships provided by the game - you can't actually design a ship overall, only place systems within, a major oversight by the developer in my opinion.If the idea of creating starships is your thing, it's worth comparing Starship Corporation to titles such as Starmade, Interstellar Rift or Empyrion. However, each have their pro's & cons and so far there isn't a clear leader in this genre."
76561198042996035,Recommended,292330,23211132,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Riles,"It's a fun little game with its own challenges, While it is a WIP I think they are heading in the right Direction"
,Recommended,292330,23235711,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,masterrooot,"ENG:One another amazing game from Iceberg Interactive.That is my favourite studio that makes a space theme games.I like'em for hardcore games production in experimantal genres.Despite of Starship Corporation is Alpha there are only few of bugs.It so cool to play, making contracts and earn some credits :)Now am waiting for the full tech tree, galaxy exploration and multiplayer.!00% my recomendation, must have for all space funs!!!RUS:О, еще одна супер-игруля на космическую тему от студии Iceberg Interactive.Эта моя любима студия, производящая игры на космическую тему.Нравится потому что не боиться производить хардкорные игры в экспериментальных жанрах.Несмотря на то, что Starship Corporation на стадии альфа - очень интересно играть.Количество багов небольшое.Жду полное дерево техники, исследование галактики и мультиплеер.Рекомендую всем 100% любителям космической тематики, маст хев!"
76561198028959311,Not Recommended,292330,25163747,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Schilke59,"First off, there's so much potential in this game that it's easy to be disappointed by what is currently available. Many features aren't yet implemented which is entirely expected in an Early Access title, but people who like games built around space exploration, travel, design, and financial empire building can easily see what will be coming in the future as the game approaches an actual release build.That said, at present the game is more of a miss and miss. The missing features are many of it's greatest selling points, and the AI game logic isn't conductive to play. Building a ship is all well and good, but half the time the design features don't work as intended and you can't complete your work due to an error in the design that doesn't exist. The game doesn't seem to save when it claims it does and you can expect at least one unexplained crash every time you attempt to play.At present time - Version 1.1.3 - I cannot recommend this game to anyone that doesn't want to play - Facepalm: The Failing Space Corporation Simulator. As development continues I will hopefully be able to revise this review further and change my recommendation but judging by early access trends on steam I have no intention of holding my breath."
76561198130562680,Recommended,292330,22824182,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Pecan,"At the time of writing the only areas of the game that have been implemented are the tech-tree, ship-design and rating system and the design-marketplace.  The gameplay is therefore research components, accept design contracts, design appropriate ships, test ships, sell ship designs.  That's already quite a lot of fun and can be challenging = it's one thing to be able to fit everything required by a contract into a specific hull, quite another to tear around fixing all the things that go wrong while being bombarded by asteroids for 10 minutes.Despite being Early Access I have found no serious issues and just one repeatable glitch,  Oddly enough, the one crash I had was while quitting the game, which in any case seems to take a long time.  The one glitch is that during ship design the room-outline is sometimes-often 'lost' - fixed by clicking into and back out of one of the pipe-laying overlays.  There is a mechanic for setting repeating 'patrol' routes for crew members but no way to queue actions just to be carried out once.  Adding this would be the best gameplay improvement.  Nevertheless, already a lot of fun as it stands and can only get better :-)"
,Recommended,292330,34107756,Posted: 8 August,all,Nerdy General,I love the game yet it is really annoying for people with OCD like me.
76561198031266598,Recommended,292330,28522458,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Rivano Moretti,"Ambitious to say the least. Starship Corporation has great potential to grow into something great. Despite all flaws and missing features I still enjoyed playing this game. I enjoy micromanagement and, to a point, tedious tasks. However, this game does take tedious to a new level. For one, the need to move rigid rooms can become very bothersome when you get to the end of a ship design. Having to move nearly every room and hatch one square along to fit what you need turns an enjoyable task into a labour. After finishing designing a light cargo vessel I found myself mentally exhausted but, at the same time, I felt a good amount of achievement. Testing the vessel showed that I had created something that was above and beyond all other competitors. I applaude the developers for having the foresight of adding a testing mechanic to this because without it I would have probably dreaded the next design trial and given up on this game completely.Other issues I have is the lack of transparency when it comes to elements such as the marketplace and research. I imagine as time goes on and I get more aquainted with the systems in place and how a game plays out researching new modules and rooms would become almost instinctual. However, for a new player, the lack of forgiveness for looking at a contract and wasting time and money to research everything it needs only for the contract to expire, could be a deal breaker. I understand that this is a game about being smart with what you have, but more time on contracts to research crucial rooms would be very much appreciated. Furthermore, having similar, if not the same, contract reappear within a shorter time would help. It could easily end up playing out in a vicious cycle of research, lose contract, new contract needs something else, research, lose contract, ad infinitum. Such a problem would lose people after negative reviews are written.Also, the UI tends to get a little opaque with information that sometimes doesn't necessarily have a need. Yes, if you want to micromanage down to last coin then it helps but I found myself paying very little attention to the amount of electricity a powerplant produced or how much coolant I have. If I needed more power I made more plants simply by seeing if my grid powered everything.While this game needs a lot of work, polish, and more features, I am pleased with the amount there right now. Albiet an expensive time wasting puzzle game so far, I find very little that would be a deal breaker. However, if you are not a fan of micromanagement, obsession over details, and an unforgiving economic system and market, I would avoid this game. You will not enjoy it. If, however, you are an obsessive with a great deal of patience and an almost zen like attitude to design you will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,292330,29869071,Posted: 12 February,all,Bootyak,"Unfortunately, I am not impressed....which is disappointing as the premise seemed good enough to try out. I have about 5 hours in the game and have crahed three times. The graphics are lackling, the UI is not intuitive and the game mechanics are sub par. Ive been playing games long enough to compententy say this is not as polished as it should be. In the time I played I found myself more frustrated than challenged. In summary, the game fell short of even low expectations. Save your money. Dont bother with this one......at least for now"
76561198054805078,Recommended,292330,22716780,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Skark18,Looks promising.
,Recommended,292330,28596800,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trokan,Nice game with potential.I hope the developers will keep update the game.
,Recommended,292330,34723807,Posted: 3 September,all,Loopy the Werewolf,"This game is early-access, and the devs thank us for trying it- which is a nice touchI do like the idea, and the interface is solid.. but it's quite difficult.I am hoping that as the game matures there will be more teaching materials, to lead you to make the right choices.  Much of it is a mystery to me"
76561198001504539,Recommended,292330,24259970,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,-Tesla-,Has many issues yet but as a core game its dead on what it should be
,Not Recommended,292330,34092431,Posted: 7 August,all,flacwby,"This will be my first negative review. This could be an awesome game, but there is zero support for it. If you have questions about how to play the game, the dev just tells you to use the money cheat. You can create all the ship designs you want, but since the 7/31 update you can't do anything with them. You can't comlete contracts, you don't really progress anywhere or do anything.It's the most aimless, pointless game I think I've ever purchased."
76561198049566274,Recommended,292330,34121078,Posted: 9 August,all,GroWiamRus,Wery cool wery nice! Очень крутая игруля! =DProject Manager stile )
76561197965247013,Not Recommended,292330,22756052,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Chris,"Looks like it might be a promising game, but in the current state I can't play it. I get a ton of error messages, couldn't even get through the entire tutorial. I would recommend waiting a few years."
76561198087933619,Recommended,292330,25685338,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Assailer,"I'm giving you an up to help your rating up, but i think you really deserve a huge/multiple down for the UI and game performance. This is supposed to be a game not a bus stop experience waiting for the bus to show up, and once it does, you get this all colorful 50 year old pickup truck."
76561198020265948,Not Recommended,292330,35503822,Posted: 5 October,all,jsmxiii,"As it is now, it is unplayable."
76561198032128941,Not Recommended,292330,22753803,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Belgarian,"Not realy happy with the program, it continues to have error,s and forces me to start again. Hopfuly they will fix them before the full release, from what I have seen it isn't bad."
76561198139382198,Not Recommended,292330,35093705,Posted: 20 September,all,Nanito444,Needs way more work for it to be a fun game. Just wait for the official release.
,Not Recommended,292330,34404041,Posted: 21 August,all,raycoco,Really nice idea. But I don't really enjoy playing it at this point.Will try again when it leaves Early access or at least it gets 5-10 other updates.Maybe it will be better by then.
,Not Recommended,292330,22740828,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,★Kawasaky,"Unplayable on HD screens. The UI doesn't scale and the fonts are tiny.1440P on 27"" unplayable1200P on 24"" tiny fonts, hard to read1080P on 13"" laptop, unplayableYou can only play this game on standard 2016 displays if you lower the resolution of the game to a non native one that will looks really bad. It is like if the devs are coding and testing this game in a 24"" 720p or 30"" 1080p display.http://i.imgur.com/uBbqgcg.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/NmBDIrK.jpgAs the game, its pretty buggy at the moment. Have the potential to be a great game in the future, but not today."
76561198076030071,Not Recommended,292330,22715726,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sgt. Hartley,"The game has potential but the fuselage designs make it close to damn near impossible to place components, hatches and corridors Properly. I kept getting script errors that would crash the game every time I would try to use a hot key that the tutorial would say to use,  I've yet to complete a contract with out the game crashing cause of a script error."
,Not Recommended,292330,22736972,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lord Pally,"As of now I will not recommend this game.  It is still very buggy, and has not been optimised due to the very long loading times.  I will say this game has a chance of being GREAT, but they must address the issues that are around now.   No need to just add more without fixing what is broken already.  In time (If the dev stay with it) I will change my view and recommend this game.  IF you are about helping the DEV then please go ahead and get the game, it is playable, but you will see bugs, and things that need fixing.  I would see if the DEV teams sticks with the game before throwing your cash at this game."
76561198042376599,Not Recommended,292330,22720257,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,WisdomTooth8,"I found this a little hard to get into. The tutorial voice is too quiet to hear, though the text was fine to guide,Very complicated design process, which is fun enough but I found a lot of the overlay hard to read (despite playing on a 50 inch screen) and it seems there's just too much going on at once. Too much clikcing in and out of menus. Some simplification much needed.As a concept, I love it and will be watching closely but for my first play I got a bit bored while building the tutorial ship and will likely leave it for now.EDIT/UPDATE:I felt I was being a little harsh so I jumped back in and this time I built a survey ship. It was a struggle to fit eveything in but I was proud of my creation. It came to testing and I found that despite meeting the crew requirements I was immediately penalised for not having more. Clearly something I need to keep in mind for later. I began ""standard operating procedure"" and sat for 10 minutes just making sure nothing broke down. I couldn't find anything to get the crew to perform tasks automatically, which would have really helped. I got a pretty poor score despite keeping the ship in perfect condition. This vexed me.Then when the test was completed I found out there were loads of other tests to do, presumably each taking another 10 minutes. I decided I did not have time for that.I'll likely pop on again but I'm finding the testing system a little overwhelming at the moment, as though it could perhaps all be done automatically and a score given. It's not like I'm going to go on every ship I sell to micromanage every situation, is it? Maybe this just isn't a game mechanic I enjoy, others may feel differenty.Verdict: I love the challenging aspect of building the ship itself, it's great fun. The ship testing was a daunting prospect and I stopped before doing more. These are just my thoughts on beginning gameplay but at the moment I'm thinking ""maybe later""."
76561198014887840,Not Recommended,292330,25721165,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Brand-X,"I'd love to give some critique of the game itself, but I can't, I couldn't get past the fact that the game won't run above 20 FPS on a Titan X with a 6700K.  Also it doesn't support resolutions above 1280x720.  The interface looks like a school project from the early 2000s."
76561198007853550,Not Recommended,292330,22768819,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,GrooveSlayer,"I didn't do enough research on this game before I bought it.Note to self:Do not search for games when you are bored just as you shouldn't go to the grocery store when you are hungry.Do not buy games on the first day they come on Steam.Game Summary:1.) Build ship2.) Test it3.) Sell itMost of your time will be spent testing the ships. It didn't take long before I began to feel like I was 'working' instead of 'playing'. you basically set up ""routes"" for your repair guys to ""maintain"" the different pieces in your ships.Each part in your ship has a certain time frame they must be visited by a repair guy before it starts to take damage.Felt like I bought a pacman game.After buying the game, I repeatedly saw demands where people were asking for AI (artificial intelligence) to take care of ship testing for you.There were aspects such a energy, heat, fuel, oxygen, water, and storage on your ship, but I didn't feel as if there was much more strategy with placement of those ship parts outside of making an efficient route for your crew to run around and maintain parts.The ""Sell"" part of the game where you sell your ships might as well been something put together in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. The criteria for who a customer choses as the contractor for their bid did not go into details of anything I would assume should be part of the decision making process. Lowest bidder was the only rationale I saw. Not.... your ship is more expensive, but it has more storage and is more durable than the other ships.... or, your ship is 1% more expensive, but has military capabilities, whereas the others don't.The Galactic Civilizations III game I already have gave a much more gratifying ship building experience than this game does, and that wasn't even the sole purpose of that game. Galactice Civ 3 didn't go into the depth of as many ship parts as this game includes, but at least I got to fly my ships around and watch them wreak havok on my enemies. Perhaps this Starship Corporation has something of the sort in mind for future development, but as it is now, I feel like I bought an alternate version of Pacman. If the game looks different in the future, I will add another section with an update to my review."
76561198014180323,Not Recommended,292330,24374392,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BSNB,"I really want to like this game, but it is just missing to much stuff. It is enjoytable laying out the rooms and doing the ratings missions. BUT, that is where the fun ends. And it ends fast, gets old fast."
76561198146349851,Not Recommended,292330,34737345,Posted: 4 September,all,Danwon,"This game looked like the perfect niche that I was looking for, but after waiting SEVERAL minutes for it to start up and going through the new game setup, I was unable to hover my cursor over the 'Start' button and thus could not even begin playing the game. Requested a refund, but will keep an eye on this title for when a playable version comes out."
,Not Recommended,292330,22749943,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Biscuit,"This game runs very poorly on Win10 in my experience.Closing the game requires task manager every time.I also found the game incredibly difficult.Update:  I've put a few more hours into the game since this review.  The game is early-access, so performance issues are likely to be improved as development continues.  The design aspect of the game is phenominal, and the reason I purchased - I don't at all dislike it.  The crew management simulation aspect needs a lot of improvement.I still would not recommend this game, but it has a lot of potential and a lot of room for improvement over time."
,Not Recommended,292330,22711915,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ninja,"I played the very early release of this game and I was extremely excited to buy this as soon as it released on Steam... Unfortunately the reality is in the year since I played that early release this game hasn't improved at all. Crashes are far more common now and as of writing this I have played a couple of minutes and crashed 3 times, i'll be asking for my money back.This has the potential to be great but is seriously lacking in love.Be aware."
76561198006595740,Not Recommended,292330,22799586,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Katsumoto,well 1h and 30 min in the game and it have allready crashed 7/8 times makes it real hard to actually do stuff havent been able to finnish an starship yet and i think that an big part of the game if im not mistaken?well from what i have seen other people play the game it have big potensial i just hope they at least will fix some crashes isuess so people can find that out!
,Recommended,292330,27634246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moe ilia,yapi yapi
76561198027207751,Not Recommended,292330,25686229,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Zhuuk,mouse lags and freezing
76561198143087489,Not Recommended,292330,22734888,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cynic,"It is unfinishedOnly buy if you like toBuild space ships, that's itIn other wordsThis game is unfinished, not worth the money, prehaps in future when it's actually a game, and has MUSIC and the UI isn't so non hotkey friendly. I'll  buy it again...But until that point, refund PLEASE!It's got a VERY solid base, however, the game will wonderful when fully completed."
,Not Recommended,292330,34892183,Posted: 11 September,all,LoganL101,the game wont load :(
76561198056808379,Not Recommended,292330,34131504,Posted: 9 August,all,Amoc,"Amazing Idea but very very bad, unstable, buggy game. I know its ""still"" EA, even DEV prosmis to relaese in end of 2016(Steamshop explane of DEV). Game is freezing during first 5 minute becaus unclickebal POP´s. I really wish go give a positive Review but even for EA, thats should relaese 8 Month ago, it is in very bad state...."
76561198023785036,Not Recommended,292330,22833457,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ichirou Kawashima,I get crash at exit to desktop every time.
76561197983412898,Not Recommended,292330,24264928,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"The gameplay itself isn't the substance of this review, my problem comes with when I wanted to stop playing.  Shutting down the program apparently went smoothly but Steam registered the game as still running after it had quit.  There were no processes listed under its name, I couldn't shut down Steam itself because it couldn't shut down Starship Corporation.  Actually stopping it required a full computer restart.  So until that bug gets fixed, I strongly recommended you pass on this game."
76561197993283898,Not Recommended,292330,23127962,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nTripp,"This game seems fun. i jave had many good hours with it.  Ever since i installed it, every game and parts of my Operating System have been Effing up.  FIX YOUR S***, You effing money Chew."
,Not Recommended,292330,22722629,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,C!gGaWeEd^ Gamdom.com,horrible game dont let the little movie fool you its spreadsheets and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stupid game dont waste your time or money on this EARLY ACCESS nightmare.
,Not Recommended,292330,26058712,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ctnightmare,I'm not even sure I can describe it
76561198037744289,Not Recommended,292330,23512970,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PlagueFerret,". . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . ,.-‘”. . . . . . . . . .``~.,. . . . . . . .. . . . . .,.-”. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .“-.,. . . . .. . . . . . ..,/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ”:,. . . . . . . .. .,?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\,. . . . . . . . . /. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,}. . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`^`.}. . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:”. . . ./. . . . . . .?. . . __. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :`. . . ./. . . . . . . /__.(. . .“~-,_. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`. . . .. ./. . . . . . /(_. . ”~,_. . . ..“~,_. . . . . . . . . .,:`. . . . _/. . . .. .{.._$;_. . .”=,_. . . .“-,_. . . ,.-~-,}, .~”; /. .. .}. . .. . .((. . .*~_. . . .”=-._. . .“;,,./`. . /” . . . ./. .. ../. . . .. . .\`~,. . ..“~.,. . . . . . . . . ..`. . .}. . . . . . ../. . . . . .(. ..`=-,,. . . .`. . . . . . . . . . . ..(. . . ;_,,-”. . . . . ../.`~,. . ..`-.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..\. . /\. . . . . . \`~.*-,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..|,./.....\,__,,_. . . . . }.>-._\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .|. . . . . . ..`=~-,. .. `=~-,_\_. . . `\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . .`=~-,,.\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . `:,, . . . . . . . . . . . . . `\. . . . . . ..__. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .`=-,. . . . . . . . . .,%`>--==``. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _\. . . . . ._,-%. . . ..`"
76561198165007224,Not Recommended,292330,29777360,Posted: 8 February,all,zombie111145,this is not a easy game.
76561198064358470,Not Recommended,292330,22714330,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,JEWN1NJA,Overly complicated the time it takes to learn the menue u can learn excell or power point found it quit boring if u enjoy staring at spread sheets all day this game is for u
76561198026953649,Recommended,292330,23743814,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Unpossible5000,"This game does have a lot going for it, and is very in depth. I love the concept, the design, and the tutorial was setup very nicely. Unfortunately it did not hold my attention for very long. My main frustration was that I found it difficult to close a breach without my technicians getting sucked into space and dying, and it seemed that breaches happen quite often. I may give it another shot in the future hoping that issue is fixed, and I love the unique idea of this game to build and stress testing different ships for different scenarios and working as a contractor to fulfill ship request."
,Recommended,292330,23858175,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Quid2Facis,"A good game that requires critical thinking and slow methodology.Tutorial is best through ship design. Suggest just reading the pop up notes after that point. Game is less buggy after tutorial in new campaign.Also advise using aotoresolvetest, info pinned in discussion forum. Manually playing protocol tests at least once ought to promote reconsideration of design layout."
,Recommended,292330,22732704,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,noodle,"""I felt exactly how you would feel if you were getting ready to launch and knew you were sitting on top of two million parts -- all built by the lowest bidder on a government contract.” -John GlenAn interesting take on the design genre of games.  You take a specification sheet and design a spacecraft to meet it, both in simple numbers (e.g range = x light years) and in performance testing.  The game is undercooked, but captures the spirit of designing a ship that is just 'good enough' brilliantly.  At present they've done the first 90% of the work in developing the game, the second 90% of the work in testing is badly needed.While currently deeply flawed I do reccomend having a tinker with this game, if they get the bugs and balance issues ironed out it'll be great.Pros* Unique* In depth and with progressive aspects (i,e technology)Cons* Poorly playtested - GUI.  The GUI is not intuitive. Particularly when placing wires/pipes, left clicks do not feel like they have consistant behaviour.* Poorly playtested - Balance.  Setting up a bare bones ship is a chore.  There's a bunch of simulations to run, each takes about 20mins of fiddling, the time to make a probe is of similar magnitude to making a larger ship.* Poorly tested - Engine.  The game is slow.  Trivially simple menus take several seconds to load and on a simple interface the CPU is always maxed out."
76561198014403206,Recommended,292330,22846661,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Steeeeeeve,"FTL on steroids.  This game has a lot of potential, and I hope it lets you manage ships in the long run."
76561198005487184,Recommended,292330,22735301,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,오렌지,"This game has some serious faultcrashing and optimization and loading speedlack of campaign and so onbut This game mechanism (like market, building ship, test startship...)still good to meso I thumbs up was just cheering to devloperThis game still not good to playdon't give up and cheer up"
,Recommended,292330,22765023,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jar of Cannibals,The dwarf fortress of spaceship design games?A niche within a niche.
,Recommended,292330,25206988,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zozzero,"As this game is in ALPHA, I think noone should take far considerations about current state. It can turn out to be better than any AAA or stop and stay with in current content (unlikely).Current content is playable, though not covering full game yet. Still, whoever is moved by designing starships by modules and RnD it, will find a good time in the game already. Take it as a working demo for very early milestone. This is something worths supporting! As it was my decision: go with it and buy it. I opted-in and looking for the upcoming developments.I have big expectations, available game parts are promising, and the game has the potencial to be a well appreciated one!I suggest for people, who are into designing, manufacturing, researching, redesigning. For people, who seek getting rich in 2 clicks...no, this is not for them :)"
,Recommended,292330,25195620,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gokki,Overall great game if you're into a design and management sim with a serious/corporate feel to it. The tutorial has improved and expanded tremendously so you won't feel lost if you follow it.
76561197999227532,Recommended,292330,27605057,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paladin_Fin,"Currently reccomending this early access on its promise. LOVE the idea, and the work is definatly heading in the right direction."
76561198020729018,Not Recommended,292330,25803527,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ZeroGman,"*Had to change my review after diving further into the game...*It is a very very intriguing concept and I like the idea of designing your own spaceships.  Unfortunately that isn't exactly doable in this game at this point...  I also imagine the developers have given up on this game too. After you finally figure out how to make a ship through the wonky tutorial, you have to do boring and repetitive tasks with zero assistance to earn a rating.  You can to some extent design a ship anyway you like, but given that you have to use preset hulls with minimum requirements it severly limits your creativity.Pros:- Great conceptCons:- Frequent crashes- Zero assistance during simulation missions- Very very buggy UI- Tech tree is a joke- Computer Controlled corporations are very dumb and follow the same pattern for every contract- Contract interface is unclear and needs an overhaulIf anyone was to ever redo this game, I would recommend at the minimum to drop the testing simulation part of it, give the ability to actually build custom hullls, change the market interface, maybe even add materials options to hulls (Cost vs. quality kinda thing), and add some random events or something so we're not doing the same thing over and over."
76561198007132747,Recommended,292330,34547719,Posted: 28 August,all,eldus,I really like this game. If the FTL seemed too arcade and non-serious to you - than the Starshp Corporation is what you need.The two core gameplay elements - ship constuction and situation simulation - are very good.The campaign and economic parts are in the middle of refactoring now - it's hard to say anything about them right now (aug.2017).Overall the project shows a great potential.
76561198011333502,Recommended,292330,34440337,Posted: 23 August,all,Abbittibbi,"Good day to all wanna-try to be a space engineer, hard core one or casual alike.I'll take a moment of your day to write to you about this title in early access:It seem to have been in EA for a while now, but the devs are now back to the grind and putting much effort into completing this game which has huge potential as the base for the game is strong, very strong. Of course, it's not yet close to be completed into it's full potential, but is interesting enough to hook me on now.The weak first: the visual part will need lots of attention, when it come to the galaxy and the smaller ships visual details. Economic is not yet ready for it to be called a proper management game, as this part will also need some adjustments and many details to be added. There is a lot missing on the level of the corporation management, you basically manage nothing, aside from research budget.The medium success: Tech tree is a bit easy to research, but has lots to look into and learn about. The expansion of your corporation thru the galaxy is nice enough but much to easy to set at the point of only one click, and would requires some attention in terms of devellopement of your local facilities and implementation, such as building time for space docks, or ground regional branch. The ship tests are fun to look at with tons of details to account and learn from. To be able to sell ships or have your own is one very nice aspect, but still limited at the moment as far as satisfaction goes now in term of a manager point of view, thus will require some attention to raise to a proper management level game.The high ground: of course, it's the design part that hook me into this title, and is the part with the greatest potential. It's awesome to be able to set the interior of ships, with contract limits to respect as well as free built for own corporate needs.  It would be easy, and much appreciated, to expand the ship designer part to starbases, corporate HQ and dockyard builters to the management of the corporation's side of the game.One of the key aspect to me for Starship Corporation is that this title is almost a solo project for the develloper. Which is why I salute him with much respect. Hat off very high to him and very the reduced crew working on this game.I do recommend this title for anyone who enjoy designs, but will admit it's not fully ready has a playable title at this moment, since it's still being worked on."
,Recommended,292330,33915554,Posted: 30 July,all,Pickle Rick,"This game is pretty sweet.it had a period with no updates, but htey are delivering regular content now. thanks guys.The actual gameplay has potential"
,Recommended,292330,35505695,Posted: 5 October,all,TruffleWolf,Fun game if you like designing ships and watching them get smashed up.
