user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,292390,9930395,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Deadjack,"By accident I felt on the review on the internet after having watched the steam store page about this game.The review said that purists of point and click and fps at the time criticized the mix they tried in Realms of the Haunting.But with Elder Scrolls: Daggerfall, Realms of the Haunting was considered as one of the most vast game of its time!But it's a real gem. I've played for few minutes and I really enjoyed this game.Videos are very nice if you notice the quality of FMV (Full Motion Video). There is nearly no difference between the actors and the game. The music doesn't annoy. The graphics are correct. Environments are nice (apparently you can access different dimensions which radically changes the atmosphere), I only regret the lack of detail of monsters. Story is interesting and the interactions with the game are numerous because this is a point & click (your character has always something to say about anything he encounters... like in a real point & click).Controls: thanks to Arucard who gave us the hint on the Steam forum, there is a list of all the keys of the game and a way to change theses. Be ware there are some game tips spoilers at the end:http://www.gog.com/forum/realms_of_the_haunting/tips_for_beginners/page1Controls were the only bad aspect of the game before I’ve found this link!Actually I’m really happy to have found this game.Because it didn't receive the success it deserved... and it's time to change that! ^^Bonuses:A better review than mine:http://www.allgame.com/game.php?id=5987&tab=reviewAnd some info: Gremlin created on Nintendo 64 the game ""Body Harvest"". Released before GTA III and considered as a true GTA like. Quite original (you travel in 4 different times) and one of the most underrated game of the history.Realms of the Haunting even surprises you at the downloading, its file weights 1.4 go. For its time (1996) it was amazing. Another clue of the huge amount of content this game has."
,Recommended,292390,12947548,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Der Ungrund,"“Realms of the Haunting” is a strange synthesis of three major early 1990s gaming trends: adventure games, full motion video, and old school first person shooters.  But while RotH seamlessly combines all three elements into a single package, it also arguably sounded their death knell in the process.  Released in late 1996, it was in direct competition with “Quake,” “Tomb Raider,” and, several months later, “Dark Forces 2,” three milestone games which set the trend for gaming in the late 1990s and left RotH’s dated looking, Doom style, 2D engine in the dust.  Likewise, the adventure genre was also on the wane, with just “Grim Fandango,” “Gabriel Knight 3,” and ""The Longest Journey"" to look forward to before going mostly dormant for nearly a decade.  By the end of 1997, the short lived full motion video craze would be eclipsed by the advent of dedicated 3D graphics cards, and mammoth 8 disc, FMV epics like “Phantasmagoria,” “Gabriel Knight 2” and “Under a Killing Moon” would be relegated to historical oddities.Given this, it’s no wonder that RotH flopped on release.  It was conceived as the hottest game of 1995, but as a testament to just how quickly technology and gaming trends were moving in the 1990s, by the time it was released just under 2 years later, time had already passed it by.Which is a shame, as this very well could have been the best game of 1995 had it been release just a year earlier. Despite the limitations of its engine, in its design the game is arguably a missing link between “Doom” and “Thief.”  The game world is highly interactable, with lots of objects to click and use.  Levels are also sprawling, labyrinthine, and nearly open world.  They rarely close off once you finish them, so if you really wanted to you could walk from one end of the game world to the other.  Plus, barring a few tedious, late game, mazes and switch throwing, the puzzles are mostly pretty fun and reminiscent of some of “Thief’s” best.The best part, however, is the plot, which is a completely silly hodge-podge of b-horror films, 90s comic book clichés (there are undertones of both Garth Ennis’ “Preacher” and Neil Gaiman’s “Sandman”), and even, in the game’s dimension hoping with a female sidekick, shades of “Dr Who.”  Of course, comparing RotH to any of these sources is giving it way too much credit.  Its FMV sequences are often leaden and stretch on way too long, suffering from the bad, soap opera, editing technique where the video cuts to super long reaction shots of characters looking pensive after every single thing anyone says.  Plus, things get nonsensical fast, and about half way through the game, the FMV sequences mostly just focus on people appearing to tell you what absurd, magical artifact you have to track down next, before disappearing.  But, honestly, bad acting, z-grade special effects, and nonsensical plots are the main reason for playing 90s FMV games….so I mean none of this as a criticism.Unfortunately, the game does show its age in some less enjoyable ways. Combat sucks, enemies tend to have way too many hit points, and strafe is locked to the “.” and “,” keys, which makes it unnecessarily difficult at times.  Likewise, in the grand tradition of old-school adventure games, many puzzles come down to pixel hunts, a fact which is made all the more frustrating by the fact that you have to search pixels both above and below you, rather than just on a flat 2D plane.That said, RotH is such a bizarre genre mash-up that could never have been made at any other point in gaming history, that I couldn’t help but find it charming, despite its flaws.   This is exactly the game I dreamt of making as a kid back in 1995, when “Doom” and Sierra adventure games were my main obsessions. And ultimately its a facinating look back at an entirely unique species in the evolution of FPSs, despite (or, perhaps, because of) the fact that many of its unique genetic mutations have since been selected out of the gaming population."
76561197975327907,Recommended,292390,9931294,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,MWRuger,"I played Realms of the Haunting when it was first released in 1996. At the time,  it was one of the best example of fusion gameplay and it is still a great game.  It also included inventory puzzles that make the environment more interactive that most shooters of time.It’s good enough that I bought it again on steam, even after buying on GOG just so I could tell everyone here about it! (Don’t be fooled by the low playing time. Steam requires a certain amount of ingame time to write a review so I installed it. It may say 11 minutes, but I actually played the entire game 17 years ago)It is definitely a piece of its time and if you require” ultra super high funtime” graphics to enjoy a game, you should give it a pass.  It has FMV sequences, a relic of another time certainly, but my memory is that they were not intrusive and actually pretty well done at a time when most developers grabbed the receptionist and stuck her in the game so they didn’t have to hire an actual actor.The story, and there actually is one,  centers around the death of your father and your inheritance, a house.  The house has portals to multiple dimensions and what seems to be a straight up good vs. evil becomes more complicated as the game progresses.The weapons are varied from a colt (which you don’t want to have to reload in combat) to a sword.  The shotgun has to be seen to believed.  Unlike most shooters of the day, it’s not a straight escalation of damage from near useless to BFG2000. Instead damage varies depending on the target. Some do more damage against some foes than they do against others. Strategy is more important than simply blasting everything that moves. Although you will do some serious shooting throughout.This is a great one and you should play it all the way through. A really superb game from the 1st golden age of PC gaming."
,Recommended,292390,10032773,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Noto,"Realms of the Haunting is the seamless blend of horror, point-and-click, and FPS.Realms of the Haunting also happens to be a near-flawless masterpiece that represents everything a game of its time could be, and so, so much more. AI is clunky, controls are stiff, music is sub-par, but still it not only succeeds, but passes with flying colors as a game wholly unlike any other. It's atmospherically excellent, surprisingly being genuinely chilling and sometimes downright frightening despite its obvious age. The gameplay itself is fairly standard — proceed throughout the corridors, shoot, solve puzzles, and generally explore the wonderful environments to further the story. Oddly enough, the story is very engrossing in its overall simplicity but also its complexity, which somehow both describe it perfectly despite being antonyms. Even with its cons, there is something so bizarrely charming and alluring about it, and it delivered one of the best experiences I have ever had in gaming.There is a palpable amount of love, care, and attention put into this game, and it shines through in every moment. Realms of the Haunting is a flawed masterpiece, and a criminally underrated gem.Edit: I have re-written my review as I was unsatisfied with how I had written it previously."
,Recommended,292390,15582731,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Liam,i wasn't sure how this game would turn out when i first bought it - but i have to say i was extremely impressed by the gameplay which is full of action and puzzles. the difficulty can be a problem sometimes (as is often the case with older games) but overall the game is very long and challenging and definitely worth your time
76561197985996479,Recommended,292390,31287624,Posted: 21 April,all,Jasonbdj,"A lot of hard work went into this game, one of my top games. The game is indeed outdated but it does contains better gameplay and more detail than the today's games.Today's games are too dumb down and people are just blinded by the graphics.See pass the graphics of today's game and you would notice that the gameplay is quite simple and that really dosent feature anything amazing."
,Recommended,292390,14728218,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Junior,"Realms of the Haunting, a first-person adventure/shooter game developed by Gremlin Interactive in 1997.You start the story as Adam Randall who ventures to a haunted house in order to investigate the mysterious circumstances around his father's death. As Adam enters the haunted house, the doors locks behind him and he is forced to journey throughout the entire house while looking for answers as well as means of escaping it.Adam soon discovers the house contains portals to several different universes, and that he is the Chosen One who must prevent the final apocalypic battle between the forces of good and evil. From time to time you meet several guidances that share knowledge with you and assist you in your quest.Realms of the Haunting has an interesting way of gameplay and story. From time to time, cinematics are played to inform the player more about the current state of the story. These cinematics are nicely done because it blends real-life characters with the virtual game world. However the game has a very complex level design which is sometimes confusing and you have to find your way out. Luckily maps can be found and inside your inventory, hints about items are given.  Also the puzzles can be very challenging which makes this game not easy but that makes it challenging. The controls for movement and shooting are somewhat awkward and cannot be easily changed but that's something you must learn to get used to. Realms of the Haunting is a game that is far ahead for its time and a true gem to play.If you are into shooter-, adventure-, puzzle, horror- or retrogames, then Realms of the Haunting is definitely the game for you! They don't make games like this anymore these days!"
76561197991657927,Recommended,292390,14941495,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MrMuse,YES the graphics ARE absolutely horrendous - and generally I'm not a fan of retro pixelation. But the last time I had this much fun with something almost twenty years old her parents didn't like it.
76561197960880494,Recommended,292390,20672028,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Wandris,"Finished this game 20 years ago, and it was one of the most memorable Ive ever played. I would rank it up there with Wolfenstien, Doom, Half life etc. In alot of  ways it was 10 years ahead of its time. It was weird, challenging, puzzling, and immersive. I don't know if I would ever play it though again, and it might be too dated even for me, but it gets special credit for being one of the few that cemented what will probably be a lifelong interest in PC games and RPG's."
76561198140952196,Recommended,292390,26445365,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JOE farmskins.com,"This game is amazing, i thought it would be very bad, but after playing it .... i must say it is one of the best horror/puzzle games to date and would highly recommend to anyone."
76561198121151384,Recommended,292390,24104202,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,d_malysiak,A great and unfortunately forgotten classic. Definitely worth its price!
76561197987175590,Recommended,292390,29904144,Posted: 13 February,all,BlastFromTheJollyPast,"!!Important note!!You might want to look up on how to solve the sound issue first, before you buy this game. There was no problem with the first two cut-scenes, but after that I had to read the subtitles for the rest of the game. You might be better off buying the GOG version instead.What I liked about the gameI like the mixture of FPS and point and click. I like how you can interact with things in the environment and listen to what Adam and Rebecca have to say about them.Plenty of puzzles to solve. Sometimes the puzzles can be a bit confusing, but there are plenty of guides on the internet and most of the puzzles aren't too difficult to solve. (link below to guide)Awesome level design, especially the creepy mansion.The FMV was very well done, especially in the cut-scenes, it was just a shame the sound wasn't working.Interesting story, although I would of had a better understanding of it if the cut-scenes had sound.What I disliked or was disappointed withNo sound in the cut-scenes. The first two cut-scenes had sound but after that it stopped working. The gameplay isn't affected. I noticed when launching the game it came up with an error in dosbox about it. For the rest of the game I just had to read the subtitles, it kind of ruins the experience a bit.Some of the enemies looked a bit naff, especially the ones in the suits.The letters and the notes are hard to read; because of the size of the text and the italic style writing.Crap boss fights, especially Belial.Combat isn't very good, some of the enemies are like bullet sponges, and the A.I isn't very good.The controls aren't very good you might have to remap the controls ondosbox.Although I liked the FMV for the cut-scenes, I didn't like it when using the weapons.ConclusionNot a bad game; It reminds me of Hexen; It's just a shame about the sound in the cut-scenes. It might be worth having a look at the GOG version instead. If you like Hexen or Heretic, then I recommend you give this game a try.68/100Steam versionlinkhttp://www.realmsofthehaunting.com/walkthrough.php"
,Recommended,292390,23389499,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Samanosuke,Such a wonderful classic. Played it when was younger and it scared the crap outa me. Got it to reminise and it still scared the crap out of me. It's a horror puzzle solving game at its best with an interesting story and twist ending. Even when the game starts you get chills down your spine with the monster eye opening. The only bad thing is the controls were not updated to allow mouse look around. It is wasd  to move and arrow keys to look and then use mouse to search which takes some getting used to. Get over the controls and the dated graphics and its a fantastic game
,Recommended,292390,28334360,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Al,"Once I got the controls figured out, I was pleasantly surprised. Realms of the Haunting is an action-adventure game that feels a lot like the original System Shock, with less sci-fi and more occult. The player starts by exploring a creepy old mansion, and the game's world gradually opens up far beyond that as the story progresses. A fine balance is spun between exploration, puzzles, and combat.The atmosphere is what really defines this game. The graphics are pretty for the time, despite the fact that the game is emulated through DOSBox. A simple lighting system was effective at keeping me on edge and confusing the hell out of me, even when I knew where enemies were in a dark room. The visuals combine a practical mix of 2 and 3 dimensional models to create gigantic, detailed locations that can often be examined down to the smallest intricacies, although it is somewhat apparent that more work went into the mansion than the other areas.Even with all that, it's not just the graphics. The story is told through both the game itself and amusing full-motion video cutscenes that give the player opportunities to glean more information through optional dialogue. On top of that, the two main characters provide plenty more audible exposition when the player chooses to examine inventory items or surroundings, and unlike most video game dialogues, I actually found all of this quite fun to listen to and watch, even if it is done in that cheesy 1990's glory. Kudos to the actors.Nonetheless, the game suffers its share of problems. Most of the puzzles are of fair difficulty, but there are the occasional few that are very frustrating for all of the wrong reasons; Either not enough clues are present, or the solution is hidden in some spot nobody would check in five sweeps of the area. The combat also suffers from the awkward tank controls standard to the era that seem counter-intuitive to dodging the waves of projectiles that the game can produce. Some of the enemies do nothing but stand still, even when they're enemies capable of movement in other situations, and all it really does is make me wonder why the game decided to ease up all of a sudden.Other than those issues, it's excellent. I enjoyed almost every minute."
76561198161501529,Recommended,292390,27830813,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ozymandias,It is very relaxing and i think is the ultimate flashback to the 90's
76561197983662248,Recommended,292390,12714129,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a header to these reviews, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery.Gameplay: Realms of the Haunting is one of those games that I was both quite interested by and somewhat leery about. I was interested in this game for a few reasons: one, it's a hybrid of point and click adventure games and first person shooters; second, the premise looked really cool; and third, it was Let's Played by one of my favorite Youtubers (Kikoskia, for those curious). I was also leery about it, because this is a game made by Gremlin Interactive, the same company that made Normality, a game that had puzzles designed by people from a far-off land in which PCP fills the air. Fortunately, this game doesn't have quite as insane puzzle design as Normality, but it does get kinda silly at times. Also, there's quite a few ""key-for-a-key"" moments throughout the game. Thankfully, the developers put in an ""Easy Mode"" in which, once activated, clicking on a puzzle object will automatically use the relevant item in your inventory. Honestly, I don't see why they bothered with this; the only thing ""Easy Mode"" removes is the impulsive rubbing of objects on walls/locks/enemies/whatever.As for the game's shooting, it's... different. Also, the controls are... different. Essentially, what happens is that you move as one would in old-school FPSes by using the arrow keys (also, I'd recommend checking the Steam Forums to learn how to change the control scheme, since in-game this game doesn't have customizable controls) while independently moving the cursor around with the mouse. The game does a quite bad job at explaining the controls to you as well; a great example being the consumption of healing salves. You'd think that you could just equip it and hit the use button, right? Nope. What you've gotta do is go into the inventory, left-click on the salve, then right-click on the same icon to use it. Pretty terrible, and the game makes no effort to explain this to you. In fact, I don't even think it was in the manual (although I couldn't really be arsed to read it; the controls should've just been a lot more intuitive).Anyways, as far as combat goes, rather than point your crosshairs at the enemies, you instead click on the enemy when they are in your viewport. This means that it's impossible to miss your shot (unless you're using weapons that spawn projectiles as opposed to hitscanning), which is a great thing; ammo is kinda scarce. Most enemies pose no threat to you, so long as you're not rubbing your head on their chests or something. There really aren't that many enemies that have projectiles, and they only show up midgame and beyond. There's quite a few weapons in the game, but a lot of the later weapons are functionally the same.Now, you may notice that I've only spent about eight hours on this game. This game can take a while longer, if you're patient and decide not to run everywhere. If you do feel like running everywhere, I can easily see a few hours being taken off of this game. Even then, there will be a lot of time gained from backtracking and Item Rubbing Quests. Because of this, I kinda feel like this game has about 40% padding and 60% actual content. The 60% is pretty dang good, but the 40% brings ya down (especially the Brain Hunt in Chapter 16; that was absolute garbage). Because of this, I'll give this game a 7/10 for the gameplay.Story: It's pretty dang good, actually. If you like the older Shin Megami Tensei games like Nocturne and the Famicom games, this one will be right up your alley, if admittedly not as theologically interesting. It is primarily a story in which the story pushes the characters along, opposed to character arcs driving the story. You play as Adam Randall, a man who is trying to investigate some really weird goings-on with his dad, who he hasn't had much of a relationship with. Adam's perceived goal is in an abandoned mansion, but this mansion is a bit different. A bit... eldritch in nature. Then Belial shows up and things get interesting. WIthout spoiling too much, just know that if you're looking for incredible character arcs, this ain't the game for you. If you're looking for some jolly fisticuffs between angels and demons, you've come to the right place. 8/10.Graphics: One disappointing thing straight out of the gate: this game's maximum resolution is 640x480. There's really nothing I found that I was able to do about that. However, given that this game is an FMV game made for Windows 95, it's a damned miracle this game even runs on a modern OS (and yes, I know it uses DOSbox, so it's not really that much of a surprise, but trust me; I know about getting FMV games to run on modern OSes). Even though the world and the textures may not be the highest-fidelity things out there, there is one thing this game gets right: the art style. It's really, really good. Seriously, the sight after opening the Sarcophagus is absolutely impressive. They did a really excellent job on this front. Also, I belive Gremlin Interactive's engine is based off of BUILD, so expect some really weird texture warping as you turn and tilt the camera if you don't already going into the game. Despite some residual technical issues that this game has, it still manages to look really top notch for '96, even holding some very impressive sights to this day. 4/5.Sound: The voice acting isn't bad, but it's nothing that will really blow you away. The OST and sound design on the other hand, are actually quite good. One of the big standouts of this game is its music, which does a fantastic job setting up the mood of the area, even if it sometimes forgets to turn off the intense music after the intense stuff is long gone. As for the sound design, it's also done quite well; the monsters, the guns, all kinds of other ambient effects... they're all really good. 4/5.Overall scores are: 7/8/4/4; cumulative score of 7.7/10. It's one of those games that has aged somewhat, but given that there is a lot of quite high quality content in this game, this age can be fairly easily ignored, save for Chapter 16's Brain Hunt which is still the worst part of the entire game."
,Recommended,292390,12821957,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Phaota,"Loved this game when it first came out in 1997 and played it a LOT.  Back then, it was quite scary at times.  Sure, the gameplay can be a bit repetitive and the enemies are very stupid A.I. wise, but it's still fun to play.  My two main complaints about bringing it to Steam is that it should have been updated to use the w-a-d-s keys for movement instead of the arrow buttons and the graphics ought to have been overhauled.  Back in the day, the visuals were top notch, now they look like old .gif files.  This goes more so with the full motion video cutscenes.  Here, we have a problem.  The audio is missing from them.  Another small issue is the lack of a keyboard layout setting so you can customize your keys.  Even with the issues, it's fun to have the chance to play this title again after all these years.  I still have my four CD-ROM jewel case set of the original 90s release, with the 50 pages booklet that came with it.  This is a good thing since I can call upon that for help.  BTW, for those that need to know, Page Up/Down keys for Looking Up/Down, Home/End sets your viewing angle tilt, ~ tilde key turns your run mode on/off, A key is jump, Z for crouch, H key displays mouse/keyboard functions and I key is your Inventory/Settings button menu.  Double Clicking on green health potions in the menu while make your character drink it.  You can't go past mid-point in the health bar though.  Holding down both mouse buttons at the same time will give you free view mode so you can pan the camera around the environment."
,Recommended,292390,14708729,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Soltar,"If i recall correctly this game came out during the windows98.In those years i was still a kid and couldnt afford a good machine. Ive tried so many times to run this game at home but my family laptop couldnt support that resolution (it really couldnt ^^).So i was used to go to a friend to play this game after homeweorks with his dad shouting because he wanted to play flight simulator. Thos times.Game works perfectly on steam,as far as i played it through, and the story is very intriguing,there are some cinematics and even if the gameplay graphic is not that beautiful now,the game is very entertaining with a good dark atmosphere.You will adventure as Adam Randall which ventures into a house to investigate the circumnstances of father's death.As he is trying to reach a clue about it,Adam will have to solve puzzles, fighting his way with dark creatures and he will then realize that there are some parallel univerese linked to this place.The game will allow players to save whenever they wish without using checkpoints, and you will have some vareiety of weapons into your arsenal to ensure you that you will be safe in the horde of creatures that  will try to block your advance. However,  the game is much more puzzle based then what a classic FPS is.I will give this game a 10/10 because i usually dislike fps. But this game has a great horror/dark atmosphere that keeps me playing."
,Recommended,292390,27459949,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lars,"I've been plahying this game since it came out in 1996! Once you get the controls figured out, it's an awesome game! In my humble opinion, WAY better than DOOM!"
76561198000849854,Recommended,292390,25963085,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,slowso,"For thoseTROUBLEDby theCONTROLS, this sticky is in the DISCUSSIONS:http://steamcommunity.com/app/292390/discussions/0/558754259947925709/________________________________________Alternatively, game has gone through several, version but the one offered by Steam isn't the newest. And there were 2 editions UK and US. Not sure about patches/updates but you can change from Steam's UK to the US version. Difference is mainly in controls, resolution and more menus. It's still Cornwall and they still speak with the same accent.Download:https://www.gog.com/forum/realms_of_the_haunting/transformation_patch_uk_us_version/page1Installing instruction:https://www.gog.com/forum/realms_of_the_haunting/resolution_and_sound_after_us_patchUseful manual:http://shadowcat.freehosting.net/roth_patch.html"
,Recommended,292390,28346411,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Mr. Killer God,"This is the perfet hybrid between FPS games and point and click games, definitely worth every single cent"
,Recommended,292390,33581141,Posted: 16 July,all,Arc,"One of my favourite '90s games, a must play"
,Recommended,292390,10167008,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Neither Light or Dark,"owned it long ago, played it, loved it, great atmosphere, wierd and wonderful ideas, and now its back again"
,Recommended,292390,27757419,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TriggerHappystrange..,"A Classic FMV game worth buying as you can see how advanced it was with game machanics etc, I got it really cheap at time and now its even cheaper peeps.."
,Recommended,292390,32922739,Posted: 28 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,classic first person adventure point&click game for smart gamers
76561198091047910,Recommended,292390,13728918,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deadly Drowsiness,"As your reading this your mind is wondering whether you should purchase this game, of course it's telling you ""yes"". Your brain could be wrong though. For me this game is very nostalgic and that could be why me trying to tell your mind to tell you to buy it might not be a good idea. Needless to say, I highly recommend this game, you should buy it."
,Recommended,292390,16197828,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Udp,"One of the best games from this era of gaming that i've ever played. It is more of a story and an experience than a shoot-em-up FPS like Duke3d, Redneck Rampage, Blood, or Shadow Warrior from that era (although those are still some of my absolute favorite games), and the simplicity, background, and overall story is (in my opinion) better than that of Strife."
76561198079981051,Recommended,292390,14793080,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Thindil Darksbane,"This game rocks! I played it with my brother, when I was young and I love to get back to it from time to time. The most funny part is that actors were complete amateurs, but their play is excellent! Atmosphere gives me constant goosebumps.10/10"
,Recommended,292390,24711716,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kailen,"I will just preface this with one caveat:  You cannot rebind your controls without adjusting the DOSBox key mapping.  That's usually an ""auto-fail"" for me.  And given that this game uses mouse and arrow keys, it's going to be VERY awkward for most people to try to play.That said... yea.  This game really surprised me.  It's not great, by any stretch of the imagination.  The engine certainly has lots of problems, with geometry tearing and popping around, combat that's awkward and more wedged in as an afterthought it seemed, and some fairly pixelized video.  If you're looking at this game as a first person shooter, you will be disappointed.But that's not really what the game is.  What the game is, at its core, is a point and click adventure game.  Along the lines of 7th Guest, or Myst.  And on those lines, it holds its own quite well.  The acting, while stiff at times, really isn't that bad.  There's good use of props, costumes, even some decent makeup effects.  The pixelization of the videos actually does help them blend in better with the CGI backgrounds.  The puzzles are fairly decent overall, if sometimes easy to overlook a key item.  The story, while certainly no masterpiece, does a decent enough job pulling you along the way.The game does stretch on one chapter too long, with an unnecessary end, but that part's short.  This is a game I never gave a fair chance until recently, and now that I have played it, I'm glad I did.  And if you don't mind some awkward controls, and sometimes painful combat, and do like the 90's adventure games, then by all means give this one a shot."
76561198253551769,Recommended,292390,33380658,Posted: 8 July,all,Vallow,"I have only played an hour of this game. However that hour has been so creepy! I am not usually scared easily and this game has me on the edge afriad to go into the next room. I also love the creepy video that comes along with the gameplay and sound is creepy too. I cant wait to dive deeper into this game!  One room had record player with a baby crying and a man laughing, it made me feel weird but these are the kind of horror games I treasure!This game is worth playing!"
,Recommended,292390,15541144,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Marcelo Sampaio,"FIRST OF ALL, this is an old MS-DOS game, using the DOSBOX emulator. Now that this is explained, on to the review:AMAZING game.I bought it when I was 13 years old. I was amazed by its graphics, the good acted FMV scenes and the VERY well written storyline. Good to see that the game wasn't forgotten, and brought to Steam. I bought it again, and gonna probably play it again a couple of times. ^^For the ones that don't know, this is a first person shooter (in the veins of Doom and Duke Nukem 3D), but with a horror theme, light adventure elements (an inventory system, interactions with the environment, etc). And the game also has an AMAZING story, told by great (even if a bit corny) FMV scenes (with real actors).  The game aged quite a bit, but its still quite playable. The soundtrack is still very good (and very creepy), the sound effects are still very realistic, and the gameplay is still fun to play.Oh, and the game is quite long for a FPS. Not only there are 2 or so hours of FMVs, you also have some nice puzzles to solve, LOTS of enemies to fight and quite a few maps to explore. Don't expect to beat this game in less than 10 hours on your first try, specially if you don't use walkthroughs.Very good classic, quite recommended for old coots like myself. :p"
,Recommended,292390,17179400,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Blooming Onion,"Before I played this game I had thoughts of dying. After playing this, can't really say anything changed."
,Recommended,292390,13953570,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"This classic is well worth $10, only $1.49 atm so BUY IT!These are the games i loved back in the 90's, the ones with FMV, sure some were cheesybut ROTH is very well done in the acting department and never gets boring.the story is intriguing and through a series of FMV, letters, scrolls and books you will find a world of mysterious lore.The game has so much to offer, it's not just a FPS it's also a point and click adventure of a sort with puzzles to solve that will keep you busy while resting from creature fights and i will say this is a bit of a survival horror game too.The music, sound effects and ambience is very nice and sets the mood and will keep you on edge,so all in all it's one of my top favs and is a must have not just for those that love classic PC games but lovers of good games period, i give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,292390,28700090,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Elder Yukiko,For years I wondered what this game was called. Now I know.
76561198191753082,Not Recommended,292390,29920106,Posted: 14 February,all,VS,"My god, how did I play through this game at 12 yrs old. The control system is catastrophic, I mean trying to learn to walk again having had one leg replaced with a living tentacle and the other replaced with a unicycle kind of bad.Also, the framerate and subsequent lag, I'd always put this down to our computer at the time maybe not being up to par specs wise or something, apparently it's just how this game runs; at a guess it looks about 5-15fps. This is kind of game breaking, but it does offer some insight as to what it might be like to see through the eyes of a 6' bird taking LSD & speed while watching a horror film.  Which if you look at it from that angle, is a relatively unique perspective for a game."
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,292390,16926669,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"This is one of the best games I've ever played, and I used to play it a lot in the old days.Sadly it's severly outdated. If they update it or do a remake, I'll be one of the first to buy it."
76561198067614840,Recommended,292390,19233172,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,flyssann,"Had this game when it originally came out, just completed it again yesterday and it still holds up, still creepy as hell, great combination of puzzles and shooting...still love it.."
76561197970551177,Recommended,292390,13006824,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,wolandd,"I didn’t buy RotH to play it; I bought it because there are games any self-respecting gamer should have in their collection same way some books should be in any library.  I started the game simply to verify it works… and half an hour went by before I remembered I wasn’t planning to actually play.What I expected was “this is nearly unplayable but I’ll put up with it for the nostalgia sake and some unique elements not found in modern games”…  What I discovered was that despite horribly dated technology and horrible control scheme the game is tremendous amount of fun.I can’t really explain why… I think it’s mostly due to overall design which balances exploration, puzzles and action perfectly… or it might be the quality and wealth of content.The game is 18 years old and suddenly it’s at the top of my “to play tonight” list"
,Recommended,292390,26373795,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"I'm not one for horror games and I wanted to try on eso I thought ""a game made in 1996 can't be that scary"". I was wrong. It is pretty thrilling and has horrifying elements like afterlife and some moderate satanism. Controls are a little hard but overall a good game."
,Recommended,292390,24777005,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,KekecDrekec,Super old game hard controlls made in 1996 il give it a 7/10 not ez controlls but its good sooo far.
76561198010200014,Recommended,292390,24663638,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Creeg,"This game used to freak me the ____ out when I played it in the 90's.  Even replaying the game I still get a little creeped out. Especially the record player in the study... this game was way before it's time.  Masterpiece of horror that probably will never be as good even if remade.The game is an FPS style shooter like Doom or Hexen, with an ability to turn the mouse pointer on and use it like a point and click adventure game to search the environment and interact with it. Cleaver puzzles that take a great deal of thought to solve.  There are some fantastic weapons in the game to defend yourself against the demons and nasties of the deep. As well as boss fights, one in particular, in a region of hell, a humanoid demon with a flame thrower is trying to kill you and is speaking poetically in fervored voice how he will kill you (think Hitler giving a speech).And that record player in the study...*shudders*"
76561198165648339,Recommended,292390,18535381,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,scottjdeans,"This is the best game I have ever played!I got the original back in 1996 and have completed it 6 or 7 times. Always a challenge.The mix of video in the game is just brilliant. New game makers take note.Would be great to see an updated version of this with updated graphics, but the gameplay is so good you don't notice.Highlights are Raquia, finding the brains and the 8 puzzles near the end.Go buy this. It cost me £29.99 in 1996, how £6.99 is too much is beyond me.I still have the original 4 x CD box set.Steam has made it much easier to play and future proofed it.Go buy, you won't regret it.Check outwww.realmsofthehaunting.comfor lots of info and advice.To sum up - FANTASTIC!"
,Recommended,292390,13857955,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SimonSays,This is one of those games that I really wanted when I was young but did not have a computer that could run it at the time. By the time I did have a good computer I was onto other games like Sin and Half-Life.I picked it up for just over a dollar on the Christmas sale - and I am extremely happy I did. This game is like the best of everything I remember from my early years of gaming.I am nearly finished now - and it has been a surprisingly solid experience considering it is nearly 20 years old. It is definitely dated - the corridor like mazes and underwhelming shooting come to mind. But the adventure elements are fun and I haven't found the need for a walkthrough yet (I am on chapter 14 currently).The level design for the most part is really good considering the 2.5d engine - the mansion in particular feels like an actual place with lots of interactive scenery and secrets to find. The graphics are also well drawn and the 3d modeling that is present really help the atmosphere thoughout the game.The voice acting is solid - though the FMV cutscenes are like watching a low budget knock off of an episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark. Luckily the story is interesting and the characters are likable.I do recommend this game to anyone who grew up with games from this era and anyone who is interested in retro gaming - especially if it is on sale.
,Recommended,292390,13885598,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"OK, I'm going to be honest here. I only bought this on Steam becase I wanted to write a review of it, I love it that much.This game brings back amazing memories.   Realms of the Haunting (or ROTH) is a superb game.  It probably looks quite dated now, but in the same way as Ultima Underworld... It's dated, but you can still have a damn good time playing it.It was the first game to really play with the whole 3d-as-an-immersive-experience thing... teleporting to other ""dimensions"", random turns which end you up where you started... All great fun.  most games before it were simplistic 3d (Doom, Heretic, Wolf3d, Rise of the Triad etc).. ThisROTH (or Rise of the Helmet) as we used to call it in homage to Rise of the Triad, starts you off in a mansion that you're sent to (for some plot-crucial reason).  There, you discover that something is amiss, and you're there to sort the place out.  Before long, you start to question whether the things that are going on in the mansion are actually part of something a bit bigger.... At this point, I won't go any further, but suffice to say the game gets a whole lot more interesting than a creepy mansion-crawl.  Not to detract from the mansion at all.  Considering the level engine, the mansion is actually huge, and great fun (albeit scary fun) to explore...Right from the start, ROTH sets the scene with amazing textures, fun spooky things happening, and a creature-spawn system which is neither random, nor predictable.      As you're getting your feet at the beginning of the game, you can end up dying a lot... As you progress though, you start to amass an interesting and diverse arsenal.  The end is a little like Painkiller: You end up using a lot of what you have, because it all has it's own place and uses.The game isn't very polished.. it has flaws here and there.  But as an immersive, fun, interesting, different experience, I have to say ROTH has everything you need.   If you enjoyed DooM-era games with a  theme/twist (I'm looking at you Duke Nukem, System-Shock and Dark Forces), and you like a bit of suspense (kinda looking at Doom3, but more looking at System Shock), then you'll probably enjoy ROTH.There are one or two puzzles that it can help to have a guide handy for.  Not because they're hard, but because they use mechanics that aren't often employed, so you can be forgiven for not thinking of it.WELL worth a few quid, and about 10 to 15 hours of your time.  Grab a slice of nostalgia and play a golden oldie."
,Recommended,292390,14339808,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lone_Runner,"very atmospheric dispite the graphics, lots of dialogue. the gameplay is pretty fun, its mostly an fps with puzzles, the controls can be irritating at some points, and its not always clear on where to go. but overall its a pretty fun game."
76561197965193437,Recommended,292390,29585755,Posted: 30 January,all,?Syntax Error,"Ah, a good old 90's game. There is some first person shooting action and puzzle solving, combined with FMV scenes(with average acting) . The graphics are pretty dated for this time, but the overall game is fun to play.As for the storyline, well one has to wonder what kind of drugs the devs were on when they created this game. I mean some parts of the story is so over the top and makes no sense at all, without spoiling to much if you want some fun times and a good laugh in between make sure to try out this game."
76561198301604979,Recommended,292390,35132141,Posted: 22 September,all,Dumflex,"I remember after serching Encarta 96 for some educational shots of Nairobi tribes women, I realised that i had realms of the Haunting installed on my freshly combo pc/monitor thingy from a brand named with a c i believe any way I digress.Americans in Devon - yesBiblical references of cataclysm - yesVideo cut scenes that are graphically insane at the time - hell yes.Rose tinted but I love wearing these glasses, what a blast from the past. Truly terrible by todays standards but thank you for those memories."
