user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040693577,Not Recommended,292730,29930105,Posted: 14 February,all,Flacker9977,"It's like watching an ember fizzle out.Call of Duty was a major portion of my gaming life. From Finest Hour to MW3 I played it religiously. Although since MW2 I saw it start to lose. This game shows the franchise is dead.Runs very well on my current machine (GTX970, fx 6300 4.2 ghz), appears to not like on-screen-displays of your system parameters. Graphics are very good as well. Considering they already have DLC (which is outrageously overpriced at this time), it makes me think its unfinished.THE ONLINE EXPERIENCEYou will sometimes wait a few minutes to find an available lobby and when you do, you see players you've met before. Over. And over. And over again. Not many people are playing. So far I haven't had any community problems, no trolls or aggressive MLG people who are screaming bloody murder that they got a 400 degree no-scope. Sadly they have also incorporated micro-transactions into the game, and on social media it appears they're inching closer to integrate EVEN MORE of them in the game. It also appears they worked more on the Zombies mode more than anything as the Spaceland map is quite large and detailed for the 2 hours I played on it.THE STORY EXPERIENCEThe story is truly forgettable, I don't really remember the name of the other characters, it also seemed rushed to end and tried to be shocking; which it was a little bit, but it became hysterically overdone.Activision, if you're reading this; SAVE YOURSELF. ""In 2017 Activision will take Call of Duty back to its roots, and traditional combat will once again take center stage,"" quoting Activision's Amrita Ahuja, If you want to do thatSTART LISTENING TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! No more DLC a few weeks after the game comes out, give DECENT DLC gratis, AND STOP WITH THE MICROTRANSACTIONS and ""GIMME MONEY"" business practice. People will buy your product if you show them you care about them."
,Not Recommended,292730,30126256,Posted: 23 February,all,Coe,"Oh cool, another epic ""FREE WEEKEND!"" """"""gift"""""" from infinity war- Whoops, except It isn't really a free weekend as they have (yet again) locked most of the content & gameplay with the reason that, and I quote ""You do not own this product"". It's a glorified, temporary demo which means I just downloaded 50 gb of the typical wasted potential that is the call of duty series to leave a negative review so you don't have to follow in my footsteps.You're welcome!------------------EDIT:If you're enjoying having your time and money saved by heads-up like these, you may want to check out my curation service that aims to do just that:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ShitlistServiceCurator tab > Follow"
,Not Recommended,292730,29684311,Posted: 3 February,all,JAKESUPP0RT,I got this game for free.I want my free back.
,Not Recommended,292730,29806247,Posted: 9 February,all,william,Still waiting for Modern Warfare Remastered to be sold seperately...
,Not Recommended,292730,33474131,Posted: 12 July,all,ShyGuyShayan,"It is actually rather enjoyable, but they should've titled it a little more properly. Instead of being called ""Infinite Warfare"" It is much more appropriate to call it ""Infinite Preloading Shaders"". It also didn't seem to have the guts to throw all of their sweet space combat and zero gravity hookliney fun from singleplayer and at least have a single mode for that kind of jazz in multiplayer. It could have gone a little bit more all out with it's concept and having some nifty gadgets and gizmos like transforming guns, shield bubbles, and vortex bombs only took it so far. Let's be honest, Call of Duty isn't very balanced anymore, so why pretend it still is? Had this game thrown all rhyme and reason out the window and let the insanity of it's cool and crazy tech really shine through, it could have been outstanding. Zombies in Spaceland is quite a bit of fun because it takes off the leash of trying to be a serious zombie experience and instead lets you ride a rollercoaster in the middle of the action while blasting out to David Hasselhoff's sickest 80's jams. that burnt out quick when you realize everyone in the lobby is AFK farming for xp. to circle back to the first point made, i really do believe the only thing infinite about this game is the amount of time it takes to preload the shaders."
,Not Recommended,292730,26447518,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Render,"TLDR; For those that are fans of the COD series, enjoy, I honestly prefered BO3 over this...but there is some interesting changes which will grab your attention. I do have to compare this game to the other 2 major releases, BF1 and Titanfall 2, and when compared....it's found lacking.First off, I should have learned my lesson pre-purchasing. I will also try to keep this in line with gameplay, and not rant about the marketing strategy of this game. I feel like every COD is 2 steps forward and 3 back for a while, and not for any specific exact reason. It's been a plethora of issues, i'll start off the top.Cross Platform Support: No cross platform support.....on PC. Yeah, why?Engine: Game will load an hour of shaders.....in game. If you don't it will crash...CONSTANTLY.Game will crash, without a lot of reason. Sometimes in a game, a lot of times while loading a new match. (This seems to be mainly an isue with some lines of Nvidia graphics card, for once AMD cards seem to be working, if rather low FPS. So this may be fixed with a graphic or game patch.)Gameplay: When compared to other COD's in the past, it feels  much less realistic and I just feel the game has turned into something you could stick in an arcade at a movie theater. You have to look at the dynamics of, for example, BF1. There is honest strategy, even if it is just camping a point, or laying down suppressing fire. As for the running/jumping/sliding, it just feels clumsy at times. You have to compare against games like Titanfall, and honestly this should be mroe fluid then Titanfall 1, let alone 2...and it's not. If i had to do a plus, the whole class system adds an interesting dynamic, if you can get on a roll you really become truly unstoppable, which is both good and bad in my opinion.Graphics: I almost feel as if the remastered version has better graphics than this.....Microtransactions: Yeah buy the best weapons in loot boxes, or spend 4 hours on an average loot box with about 5% or less chance of getting something other then a pistol. To clarify, there are 4 levels of weapons for every weapons, ranging from common, rare, epic, and legendary. Yes there are level locks so you can't get the ""Best"" gun off the bat, but you sure can get the legendary version of the basic assault rifle, and do nearly 30% extra damage, and have 30% better accuracy then everyone else.....which if you think about it, is pretty damn broken.Overall: This feels like such a giant money grab its unbelievable. I'm not a COD/BF1/Titanfall fan boy, I honestly think if you like the previous COD's, have fun, it adds a little new; but there just doesn't feel like it brings anything new to the game. It's movement system is a step down from Titanfall 1, let alone 2. Doesn't have the strategy of Titanfall or BF1, it's perk system is cool but nothing really new. The only ""wow that's cool"" factor I got is the class system, which just seems to reward those who are doing insanely well, with op weapons to get killstreaks faster. I can't tell you how many times I spawned and died in the first 2 seconds to a camper....If your buying it for the remastered version or to play with friends cool, have fun. If your looking for a challenge, something new and excting, I honestly urge you to look at BF1 or Titanfall 2, they just bring more to the table then what this game brings.Edit: For the people that downvote this into oblivion, it's okay, everyone is entitled to an opinion. Also if you judge by the 2 hours i spent on here don't, I was hoping things would change after the Beta....they didn't."
,Not Recommended,292730,29735794,Posted: 5 February,all,ALLROY,"I'll make this short and sweet.The campaign has a few 'ok' missions and the same goes for multiplayer maps. 'Zombies' is cool simply for the fact of the retro games available for play in the arcade.Overall though, the game is trash and is definitely my last purchase from Infinity Ward and the Call of Duty series altogether. They are a lazy and complacent studio that refuses to move forward within today's technologies as it applies to games on all levels. Games that came out 10 years ago had more ambition and actually pulled off things that IW either refuses to or lacks the talent to put into their games.Good riddance to a dead franchise."
,Not Recommended,292730,27375942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Orge Lambart,"wow what can be said to describe this game.. you can possible find a few fun multiplayer matches, but don't expect more than 4 in a row... before Dbag McDownloaded hacks joins in and goes 90 - 2,  You can normally tell who the hackers are, they all have the same emblem, the cat with the green background.. If he joins your game,  best to leave as they all have hacks and aimbot..With that said, the actual game is like Black Ops 3, just magnified quite a bit, if you enjoyed BO 3, you'll enjoy IW... ok well actually you won't enjoy it, as the hackers are in about every 1 out of 5 games..  Normally they only grace you with one match, once you threaten to report them, they typically leave immediately... as if most of us are too stupid to know how to go to the friends/Recent player area and report them.If IW ever decides to clean out, or perminant account ban hackers from every COD game from this point onward, you can continue to find them game after game, match after match.. Then Activision will wonder why their games are selling less and less copies.. Gamers are fed up with nothing being done to stop cheaters.."
76561198081221069,Not Recommended,292730,33239598,Posted: 4 July,all,:-) Brandon,they allow hackers to run wild do not buy this game
76561198208040888,Not Recommended,292730,29594619,Posted: 30 January,all,LmC | Dream,THE COMMUNITY IS DEAD DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,28459727,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kimgaemandoo,What we learned from this game is that 1 is bigger than Infinite.
,Not Recommended,292730,26705027,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mikey,"One of the best cods in years ruined by lack of anti cheat and lack of PC players.  To me the game is a more enjoyable game than MW3, AW, Blops3, or obviously GHOSTs which makes this one of the best CODS in a pretty long time.By cod standards an innovative campaign that is actually worth playing and thoroughly enjoyable.While not boots on the ground the boost system feels more solid than blops3 and way better than AWGuns are solid this time, but pump shotguns and some of the snipers could use some tweaksClass system is way better than Blops3 with two skills equipable, this allows for more variety in play styleKill streaks feel rewarding but not overpowered, except the Vulture which is... hilariously uselessOverall very enjoyable game if you can run it and get past the PC issues, there is a great COD game at the core.Sadly the game is a lot of fun with one of the most unique and fun campaigns in a long time.  The class system also allows players to really specialize into a different style and the guns are rewarding as ever.  None of this matters though since despite all the positives the game appears to have no anti cheat and what few matches you run into are ruined by blatent hackers who already have multiple existing vac bans on their account.  Despite the game being very good for a COD, I would not recommend buying this on steam.  Since I'm past refunding I will continue to play it on and off but for someone looking at purchasing this game I would recommend buying it on console or looking at Titanfall 2 or BF1.TO SUMMARIZE!! I like the game a lot but I can't recommend buying it until they implement a decent anti cheat."
,Not Recommended,292730,26480076,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kenuty,"After playing the game's singleplayer I enjoyed the well written campaign that was done,the memorable characters and good voice acting which was all something I did not expect. It was very different and very enjoyable the only downside was that the gameplay could had been alot more. Why add Wallrunning  and crazy antics and moves when you'll just get shot down for trying to be acrobatic and cool in combat? So thus the game sends you taking cover most of the time like any cod games.As for the mutliplayer? It feels exactly the same as any cod I have played in the past  with a few improvement and did not pique my interest one bit because it just wasn't fresh and I am simply burned out from it. That zombie multiplayer game though how in the hell is that not a spinoff game yet? I play that MORE than main multiplayer itself.The reason I am giving this game a thumbs down is quite simply because of the overall package that I got with this game for the price which isn't enough to keep me playing for hours in the future where as I can flick on Titanfall 2 multiplayer OR Battlefield 1 and play for hours over 100+ and yes I own both game along with this now.Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QL9hG8nDoswPros+ Singleplayer Campaign+ Memorable characters and great writing+ Technology seen in the game, seeker grenades, antigrav grenades etc.+ Futuristic guns that actually looks and sounds really cool. Pew pew+ The ship control was easy and the combat in space+ That one section where you get to pick which missions to handle in space and wasn't tedious or repetitive.+ Zombie spaceland multiplayer+ Modern warfare remaster+ Baysplosions in 4kCons- The wallrunning and boost jumping great but gameplay in singleplayer using it will just get you shot in the faceIN THE FACE thus the game ends up being mostly cover shooter like previous games.- Server connections are horrific, 8+ mins just to wait for the games to match connections with others (Why not instead of investing in esport, invest in great servers to play the damn game?""- A bit of clunky movements on multi- The main multiplayer itself has been changed significantly enough for me to really enjoy.- Maps looks decent and some have anti grav but they did not vary much in terms of how they vary- Cheating has already made its way to kill the multiplayer even further. There is no anti cheat and this shows noone cares.My preference is that I perfer playing Battlefield 1 team based fps followed by Titanfall 2 which is faster paced and also something I would recommend over this. If you really want to buy this game then do it for the singleplayer or maybe some zombie mayhem but do not have too much hope in the multi because it hasn' really changed much more than previous in the series. Even if you are the most hardcore/veteran of the series you might feel a bit burned out. Someone needs to get thier act together for this game, Spend some of the Esport invested money to create BETTER SERVERS, MORE FRESH GAMEPLAY,  ANTI CHEAT, SOMEONE WHO LISTENS TO COMMUNITY.Something that other games are actually doing.Titanfall2https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNL5jggQaHgBattlefield 1https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U99H8-4JErA"
76561198014781962,Not Recommended,292730,31281404,Posted: 21 April,all,Woofling Howl,Call of Money: Out of Ideas
76561197992284988,Not Recommended,292730,28805842,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wing 0,"Dont Buy. Its Not Worth It.Preordered it and got Modern Warfare Remastered after a hearing news that games would have dedicated servers. Their Dev's Legal FAQ's were nothing but lies. If anybody is thinking that Call of duty can be saved, News flash. It aint worth saving or putting money on. Many people were mislead by false advertisments and ""bait and switch"" methods by Infinity Ward and Ravensoft. The multiplayer for both games were completely broken from the start. The Devs refused to fix the major problems that PC players and their communities were having. I had to report to steam about the misleading conducts to get a store credit refund and steam was nice to refund me all what i spent on this game and Im glad i dont have it anymore.Problems with both games:No Server Browser System: This a major component that this game is missing and is in bad need of. Matchmaking systems are a big hate for PC. Without the server browser and its Ranked and Unranked Server abilities, players are spending most of their play time waiting for over 30 minutes at times or so searching just to play a game on this matchmaker system. When the game's playerbase is too low like IW and COD MWR, matchmaker just dont work and it has shown those case of problems because of it.No Genuine Dedicated servers: Another Critical component in the PC play system that is missing. Without these dedicated servers, players cant play somewhere closer to their locations and enjoy a more lag-free fun ""Call of Duty Experience"". The system they are using for these games now are sadly 100% unreliable and are very unfriendly with the PC.Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered was post to have dedicated servers and all system components that it had back in COD4 but sadly in their FAQ, it was a lie.Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Problems: It does not play like the original. The Guns, Movements, the Graphics and all other things etc just wasnt anywhere close to what it was back in the original COD4. It was extremely Clunky. Frame rate stuttering was very bad. a GTX780 ROG handled it no problem but the game itself was having issues even with 1080 cards in some cases. I was able to run everyting at MAX HD and it worked just fine but when it came to Multiplayer modes for both games, it was having major problems.In all honesty: If I was a person who can say an ugly truth about how much is this game COD IW and COD MWR is really worth, you wouldnt like what i wouldve said. This game combined with MWR is really worth 30$ at best. There is a reason for saying this. Without the stuff i mentioned above, The games are sadly incomplete. The only thing that these 2 games have are working single player modes and the multiplayer for both are not even close to being completed to boot.If i was in charge of steam in terms of how much this game needs to be sold for, i wouldve put 30$ only, no additional cost for COD MWR. But thats just my opinion.This game gets a 2 of 10. I rarely write bad reviews but this game and COD MWR has earned itself a name in the ""hall of shame"" in the industry of game development."
,Not Recommended,292730,26426175,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,McWolfe,"Battlefield Won...There are a lot of problems with COD infinite warfare... however It's not the worst game in existence like a lot of people are making it out to be, and I don't think it is either, but it's just... not a good game, compared to BF1, TF2, and the older CoD's it's not worth your hard earned money over BF1 or TF2, if you have both BF1 and TF2 and are not excited for any other games coming out this year OR next year, go ahead, it's your money not mine :)Onto the reasons I do not like the game, let's see here, oh, just about everything, but the Campaign...CAMPAIGN- Good voice acting- Great animations, as always.- Story is linear, yes, but what do you expect from a CoD?- Story is somewhat decent, better than BO3 and Ghosts, but I liked Advanced Warfare a lot more.- Michael BAAAA-*KABOOM*MULTIPLAYER- Terrible amount of health, I didn't like Black Ops 3 multiplayer but I would rather play that then this.- Clunky movement- Guns that feel like they are for noobs, guns that shoot in a wide spray, miniguns, invisibility(though not as big of a complaint, can see it really easily.)- Even lower K/D time.- Dead On Arrival DOA on PC, remember this is a PC review, not an XONE or PS4 review.- No matches other then TDM unless it's the extremely popular time of day.ZOMBIES, I can't judge this one to it's full extent, you can really only judge a zombies mode or game once all of the DLC have released, but these are my current thoughts.- The zombies feel like they have more health... or just something feels off, it's like I am not damaging them as much as it felt like I was in treyarch zombies, with their body parts falling off and normal gun sounds instead of LAZOR's. (exageration on the lazor's, even the normal gun sounds feel like I am not damaging them.)- The 1980's theme works with the LAZOR's but I feel like they should've kept it original with WW1 / WW2 theme from treyarch.- The afterlife mode in co-op is very cool in my personal opinion... neat idea to let the players keep playing the game instead of spectating, very well done infinity ward.- There are a few new perks, like banana cola-I mean Trailer Blazers, and Slappy Taffy and Quickies... very fun perks to play with!- Story for the zombies mode a lot of people don't like but i think it's actually pretty cool.- Much harder then BO3, which was insanely easy... I love the difficulty, especially no perkaholics, YESSSSSS.- No Monkeys (actual monkeys)- No MP40_____________________________________________________________Here's the thing, if you are looking for a good casual game, then get Titanfall 2, it's campaign is the best campaign I have played on PC since Half Life 2, and the best campaign I have played since Halo 3 on Xbox 360... Halo 3 being my favorite campaign of all time with Half Life 2 being right below that then Titanfall 2.The multiplayer for Titanfall 2 isn't hyped up for some reason, but, It is the MOST fun I have had since 2012... all the future DLC is completely free, all the skins are earned, no microtransactions.So, if you are looking for a more serious game, get Battlefield 1, if you are looking for a game almost as casual as Call of Duty get Titanfall 2, if you want a co-op mode get Killing Floor 2, if you are looking for a super duper omega supreme serious game get Arma 3 or SQUAD, they require insane amounts of coordination... to the point that I don't like them too much, PERSONAL opinion, they are good games for people who like those games.Now I really, REALLY believed in this game, not since BO2 have I been this hyped for a CoD,  I have what, 299 or so hours on BO3... so please don't go saying that I am a BF or TF fanboy :-/If you are into CoD simply SIMPLY for the campaign, then this is a must have CoD, but if you are looking at the WHOLE package like I am (Campaign, Multiplayer, Zombies) this is NOT the game for you... especially with the multiplayer... I would highly recommend getting Titanfall 2 for the campaign it has though... and the multiplayer, and the free content and, okay, you understand.TL;DRGet Titanfall 2 if you want a casual experience like CoD, fast paced fun amazingnessGet Battlefield 1 if you want a more serious (not serious, just more serious) campaign / multiplayer.Get Killing Floor 2 if you want a game that you purely want for co-op.Get Arma 3 or SQUAD if you want extremely serious coordination based games.Get Infinite Warfare if you want to waste your money on a decent campaign, a terrible multiplayer, and a sad zombies mode.Now, I am going to edit this review once the game gets patched, and the DLC comes out... RIGHT now I am gonna, go back to playing Titanfall 2 or BO3 or BF1 or something like that.... yeahhhhhhh"
,Not Recommended,292730,26501937,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SaibaX <Earth Dimension C-137>,"TL:DR:If you want more information please read below this section.CampaignShort as hell and has no replay value though it is a lot of fun.ZombiesTons of fun, rivals previous games. Definately the best part of Infinite Warfare.MultiplayerReally buggy, improves on a few things but still can't compete with Black Ops 3 in terms of fluid gameplay and overall quality.RecomendationI can't endorse this.THE FULL REVIEW:Campaign:In this campaign you play as Nick Reyes, a pilot who, after an attack on Earth, becomes captain of the Retribution. While fighting the SDF(Settlement Defense Front)the former captain of the Retribution call an order to ram the Olympus Mons(The largest battle class warship ever built)and force them to retreat. After this happens Reyes gets promoted when the captain is found dead.The overall story has a good feel to it and really gets the player pumped up to take the fight to the SDF. The characters all have very good voice acting and have personality that helps immersion. Unfortunately there are some drawbacks to this game's singleplayer experience, first let's talk about the good things.During this campaign you will be flying a ship called a Jackel. Basically this thing is a space faring fighter jet. Customization for this thing is pretty nice, there are 4 slots you can change on it, the Paintjob, Gatling Cannon, Heavy Weapon, Special Equipment. Unfortunately, because you never use the Jackel anywhere but in singleplayer, the paintjob is virtually useless and has no point unless you plan on doing multiple playthroughs. Flying the Jackel is quite easy and takes place in open space, no rails attached. The only time rails are attached is when you enter dogfighting mode when locking onto an enemy ship. The dogfighting here uses the same system as in Ace Combat: Assault Horizon so fans of that game needn't worry about learning anything new.This campaign is the first time in a long time that a CoD has no collectable intel. Somewhat disappointing since these things allowed us access to more of the backstory behind the campaign. They did however replace this with weapon scans, this is essentially the exact same thing as weapon collecting in Battlefield 4.Unfortunately, Infinity Ward did not get the memo that co-op is back in Black Ops 3. While it isn't a dealbreaker, it is disappointing as co-op does add a fair amount of replay value. Not to mention there is nothing to unlock for multiplayer through the campaign, whereas Black Ops 3 had weapon skins and player calling cards for unlock in Zombies and Multiplayer, Infinite Warfare does not.Zombies:This mode has a lot to offer compared to other games. First lets go over individual aspects...The gameplay is fluid, very nice and there are tons of things to do here. Now I haven't gotten very far, maybe 4/5 power switches but I've explored quite a bit. Firstly the traps are rather funny, between bumper cars running down zombies and a giant dragon head roasting them behind you as you escape through its throat it never gets dull.Weapon customization has made a return in this title and it's a very welcome return. With this you can change how weapons appear when you buy them off of a wall or through the magic wheel. Honestly, I love tossing a laser sight on my shottys with either an extended range or stopping power attachment.(The only reason I don't mention specific attachment names is because there are 2 seperate sets of attachments for ballistic and energy weapons.)The supply drops in this game are the same as Black Ops 3 with a catch. Instead of liquid divinium the player uses keys. These keys are used to open both Zombie Crates and Multiplayer Supply Drops. In order to balance this out, Zombie crates do not differ from multiplayer crates much, you get 2 drops that would normally appear in supply drops plus a Fate & Fortune card pack(F&F Cards are the same as gobblegum.)which itself drops 3 cards.Weapon variants actually do have a use in zombies. Let me give an example, the Nuke perk in multiplayer give players a game ending nuke strike after a 25 killstreak with that weapon. In zombies however, this same perk turns into a nuke powerup after every 150 zombie kills with said weapon. So each perk has 2 different effects between PVP and PVE.Multiplayer:This is where the game is lacking pretty badly, which is pretty sad to say when it comes to a Call of Duty game. The movement while essentially the same as Black Ops 3, is badly implemented and buggy. For example, in Black Ops 3 wallrunning is very fluid and very rarely fails to work, this also applies to the mantling of edges. Unfortunately this is not so in Infinite Warfare, in IW wwallrunning does not like to toggle itself without heavy assistance from the user which results in the death of those who have grown accustomed to the fluid motion of the previous game.Hitboxes have been improved, headshots are headshots and not bodyshots as in Black Ops 3. However this game appears to have changed the mechanics for aiming enough to make you have to fix your sensitivity throughout several matches before being able to play effectively. This isn't a huge issues as it happenes with almost all FPS games.The maps feel very claustraphobic. Wheras they did try to stick to a 3 lane layout, they made many of these lanes far too narrow which creates a bottleneck and inhibits the ability to traverse the map. This creates a pretty bad stalemate when it comes to objective based game modes as Site B becomes an all out warzone while the 2 outer lanes are camped pretty heavily by snipers or LMGs. It all boils down to your team in the end but in my oppinion, the bottlenecking is counterproductive.User Interface and Menu Screens:This was my largest dissappointment with the game for 2 reasons alone.1.)No community hub. Treyarch, in my oppinion, set the standard for quality with Black Ops 3 in this aspect. They incorperated a full community hub into the main menu that allowed us to see what all of our friends were up to. Along with this we could view other player's soldiers and their CoD career screen which gave tons of detailed info on the player. This was a very useful feature that many of us used and still use.2.)Oversimplified. Treyarch again created a very useful menu system with many features and options. Infinity Ward however chose to go with the simple route. There are only 4 options in the main menu with absolutely nothing else. Single Player, Multiplayer, Zombies and Quit Game. Sometimes the simple menu is a good way to go, but in my oppinion they took it to the extreme and omitted many features that would have made it an overall better experience.Now 2 more things I'm going to mention here before I stop this review.There is no Splitscreen that I've seen, I plugged in 2 controllers and no option appeared. This was dissappointing since I enjoy playing splitscreen Zombies and Multiplayer with bots with my roomate.Zombies has a small problem with people Idling for Keys.(Same as Cryptokeys from Black Ops 3)As a result these player make the zombies experience annoying. It doesn't make me want to quit, it's just annoying as hell when they join and do nothing but idle while the rest of us are racking up the kills.Conclusion:Now my recomendation is pretty mixed. But I'm going to have to give this game a thumbs down, I bought it knowing what I was getting myself into and I do not regret it. But I can't in all good conciousness recomend this game for the simple fact that everything but the Zombies felt half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm sorry to say that iff Sledgehammer manages to put out a turd after Infinite Warfare I'm going to have to favor Treyarch as they seem to actually give a damn about their PC fanbase."
,Not Recommended,292730,29969570,Posted: 16 February,all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"REVIEWIW: Campaign 5/10, Zombies 8/10, Multiplayer 5/10MW: Campaign 9/10, Multiplayer 3/10 (I explain why below)Modern warfare got me into FPS's and was an amazing game. However when you can only find TDM and S&D servers it gets annoying. About 1,800 people on average play infinite warfare multiplayer or zombies at a given time and about 444 people on average play modern warfare remastered multiplayer at any given time.To put this into perspective (All numbers are averages per day):708 play Counter Strike Condition Zero a day (A game from 2004)1,653 playCall of Duty Modern Warfare 2 Multiplayer a day (A game from 2009)3,619 play Call of Duty Black Ops 3 Multiplayer a day (2015)628 play Call of Duty Black Ops Multiplayer a day (2010)560 play Mafia 2 a day (2010)635 play Star Wars Battlefront 2 a day (2005 and there aren't even any dedicated online servers)And so fourth.If you're buying this for muliplayer be prepared to play either S&D or TDM because besides that you won't find a lobby. It is so sad because this game was a huge part of my childhood and even though the campaign is amazing mulitplayer is about 75% of the game. It's sad what they did to this game and I hope they sell MW Remastered as a stand alone because more people need to play.Why can't we download each individual asset to the game individually like virtually every past call of duty? THE DAMN GAME IS 101 GB. I don't want multiplayer nor campaign, I just want zombies but these idiots refuse to do the moral and logical thing and make you download their entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.LASTLY, This is the last straw, the Devs are selling FOUR MAPS, emphasize on selling, that came with the origonal game. This is absolutely disgusting and how you lose your fan base. I have no idea who their marketing and financial teams are or whoever sets prices but they need fired ASAP this is disgusting.(All numbers are fromSteamcharts.com)"
,Not Recommended,292730,26414464,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pixl0,"This was waste of money to be honest, i regret buying it i'll stick to Black ops 3, wait i got a joke for yall Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space?Because no one on earth wants to buy it."
76561197971156629,Recommended,292730,32258647,Posted: 7 June,all,Jetboy55,"I am almost exclusively play campaigns in games, and this was no different. I'm not a multi-player gamer. I can't discuss the multi-player portion of Infinite Warfare, but I can say that I really enjoyed the single player campaign. It was fun and exciting, and eventually after about 7 hours, I began to care about the mission and my NPC comrads. It's not the best game as far as storyline goes, but it does have one that makes sense and is delivered pretty well. I found Wolfenstein: New Order to be a better game with better story, but this was good also. I would say that for any price below $30, it is definately worth it. The environments and models are GREAT. I often just stood around and looked at the beauty. AI is pretty dumb at times, but at other times not. All around a good one."
76561197985936610,Not Recommended,292730,26447526,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Praxis,"Day one. Hackers, godmode, faulty matchmaking. Cant even play zombies right!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26411916,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Equinox,"I had to disable every other one of my displays for this to actually work. it wouldn't lock onto my main monitor otherwise.It also gave server errors about thirty times when loading into games, and then during games. which i guess is okay because its a new launch.campaign could be cool, i didn't play it, but the multiplayer I just didn't like at all.the remaster is alright. it's not worth spending 79.99 though, in my opinion.IW itself just doesn't feel fun. I just don't like it. I figured i'd give it a chance because ""how bad could it be?"" but the jump pack, the guns, the maps, I just didn't have fun with any of it.Personally, I'd recommend Titanfall 2. 59.99 and all the DLC is free. no season pass. and no stupid weapon crates."
,Not Recommended,292730,26480676,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jawdan,"Game is a load of fecal matter, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,292730,26422717,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr. Dusk,I have withnessed the horrors and tragedies of the infinite loading screen..
,Not Recommended,292730,26596981,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,brahMz,this game inspired me to play other gamesmehh/10
,Not Recommended,292730,29974267,Posted: 16 February,all,M@yhemDave,"I have over 200 hrs playing this gameSimply the worst game I've ever played. I own every COD from United Offensive to IW. I will never spend one more dime on the franchise. This game was not ready for release and seems to get worse with every update. Multiplayer is useless. Campain is ""pretty"" but if i wanted to watch a movie I would have rented one. I also got COD MW Remastered. I don't think they know what the word ""remastered"" means. It is horrible. The original COD 4 is better than both of these games by far.Don't waste your money. Unless you like LAG Compensation. That is where Activision gets compesated for us Lagging."
,Recommended,292730,30193135,Posted: 26 February,all,Snik,Uninstall button works well.
,Not Recommended,292730,29933102,Posted: 14 February,all,McTis,"Q: Why did you dislike the game even though you've played for 100+ hours?A: The game was decent and ran fine up until a few months after the release, then all of a sudden after an update, it ran very poorly. Major FPS dips and stuttering made the game unplayable even in Solo Zombies and Campaign. 100 or so hours of playtime occured before this happened.Im really dissapointed to be honest. I was hyped up for this game. Dont get me wrong, its a good game, a really good game. But it is absolutely trash on PC. I wish I bought a console just for this game. COD is a dead series to play on PC. Let me get started...4 months after the game came out, there is less than 1000 average players, the number probably being lower for MP, and they all mostly play TDM, good luck finding any other game mode to play. THE HACKERS. Oh lord the hackers. Atleast 1 out of every 3 lobbies I play has some guy with an obvious aim bot or wall hacks. And this game has no VAC what so ever lmao....THE HORRIBLE OPTIMIZATION. I dont get it. The first month this game was out, it was smooth as can be. Now I constantly get framedrops and stuttering and lag even in SOLO ZOMBIES!!! I turn my graphics all the way down, doesnt fix anything. It will be a solid 60fps and then randomly dip way down. Most of the time in a firefight in MP causing me to get killed, or in Zombies at a crucial moment. The PC port of this game is just complete trash. I wish I never spent the $100 for the digital deluxe edition.I love the game, dont get me wrong. The Campaign is a masterpiece, the new direction for Zombies is genius, and the setting of a future war in space is awesome. Everytime im on the MP Map ""Frost"" I spend alot of time just staring up at Jupiter from the surface of Europa and it really puts me in the moment. But the PC version is just absolutely terrible. I honestly wish I bought a Console to have some longevity, less hackers, a smoother experience and a more casual game to play.Oh, and MWR has the same exact stuttering problem. Making that game just as unplayable. So it really was a waste of $100. And these problems happened a month after I had the game. So no chance of me refunding it.UPDATE 4/3/2017-Ok, tried playing last week after the DLC came out not too long ago, The game runs alot smoother, less stuttering (Only played Zombies and private match in MP)Rave in the Redwoods- Has alittle bit of a learning curve to it, being much different than ZiS. Fun to play, easy to train and a nice setting. Classic zombies experience.The new MP maps? Couldnt tell you, couldnt even find a match online in TDM. Took 20 mins, transferred hosts 3 times and the game wouldnt even start the match when I found a lobby.The New Weapons- I really appreciate how Season Pass holders get immediate access to the new guns. Its a nice change from the ""Pay to Get the Cool Guns"" Lottery that was the Black Market in Blops3. The weapons fit in nicely and arent too overpowered from what I saw in Private Matches.The Player Count? IDK. I stopped checking the stats to see how many players were online. You have to remember that counts EVERYONE playing the game. Whether they are playing Campaign, Zombies or MP. I assume most players are playing Zombies, alone or with their friends. Because whenever I tried to play MP it would always be the same lobby or couldnt find a lobby at all.ALSO, I still havent bought a console, and I dont intend on it. Being a hardworking individual who balances work, relationships, friendships, physical fitness and my own free time, I dont have time to play games as much as I used to.Maybe you should free up some of your gaming time to do some of those things too? (I'm looking at you, yes you, the guy with 98 hours in the past 2 weeks played.)You know, go outside, get some sun, go for a walk, meet some people, maybe find a girlfriend or even a boyfriend if thats what your into. (Lets be honest, women dont exist in the Steam community.)I gaurentee this game wont make your life better, but maybe those I listed above will? Who knows.(The Above article is my OPINION. It is not fact, google opinion before you get triggered and get arthritis for going full keyboard warrior on  ""console vs pc"" or how my review is terrible. It is my OPINION.)"
76561198018558556,Not Recommended,292730,26435447,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Abakai,"Refund Review:the point of a review such as this is to base it pretty much within the timeframe in which you can succesfully apply for a refund. (+- 2 hrs.) it is therefore mostly based on first impressions.I went in IW unbiased, i didn't jump on either the hate or the hype train, but since BO I This felt like a COD I might pick up. I like space, i like guns, i like guns in space and soforth, so I was, although a bit skeptical, ready to die, die and die again and again. The last first person thing I played was either Rust or Deus Ex MD, so naturally my aim was a little rusty and because i didn't pick up any COD for the last couple of years, i was completely new to the revamped movement. So if you're like me, a casual FPS'er who's still doubting, this review might be for you.Because nobody buys COD for the campaign, i hadn't touched on any of the single player elements.Tl; DR:The Good:-Shooting is tight and feels gratifying-Movement is fun and allows for some interesting manouvers-Time-to-Action barely exists-It's just more COD, the playstyle is still the same-Short but sweet matches make you come back for more-In my experience the game ran pretty good, and my framerate never seemed to drop below 50The Bad- Map designs could've been a lot more varied- Balancing seems quite a bit off- Verticality seems as if it's mostly a gimmick- Space setting seems greatly underused.Also-Graphics are okay, my rig runs a GTX 965m, between normal-high settings so keep that in mind.-Matchmaking can sometimes be a bit slow-The Stereotypical, whiny COD players are most definitely still aroundDO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME:No, I am getting a refund.IW is by no means a bad game, it just feels a bit unpolished in general, however, it IS triple A/ Holiday-season and I strongly believe you can spend your 60 bucks on a better game, I know I am. It's just more COD, so this'll scratch some people's itches, but it doesn't scratch mine. However, you can always try for yourself.Right off the bat, it feels as if this is a COD where having a higher level gives you a significant advantage over new players. Not just because of map knowledge and adjustment to the movement system, but because there are certain upgrades, that i of course wasn't able to reach within my two-hour game span, that felt overpowering to me. Upgrades, weapons and attachments that made it seem as if the opponent's weapon was just way more powerful than mine, it takes probably less that a second to get killed. And you'll get killed alot. I tried some of the weapons, and I suggest picking up the ERAD first, a standard energy-weapon SMG that has a high ROF, which seems to matter the most. I often felt that in a situation in which I had superior aim, I got killed because the enemy's gun fires things faster than mine.Friends and foes are diversified by their RIGS, an activision word for classes, but that variation quickly lost its glamour once you notice that  most players gravitate towards the robot, because it has an ability that gives it two hip-fire guns that kill you almost instantly. I didn't have much time with many of the rigs, or the game, so this is definitely an observation by availability.I feel that the maps are what's most lacking in this game. Every map, besides Frost, which i did quite like, feels like a different arrangement of small nooks and corridors within industrial-esque rooms, most of which were unused because players seemed to only use certain pathways. I felt as if these were maps in which they tried to encourage tactical play, but because COD players play the way they do, this is often neglected, and this just made the maps seem similar. The Space setting could have served for some really interesting map desing, like zero-G for example, but besides the Nolan-esque portrayal of a black hole neatly placed in the skybox, this feels like a missed opportunity. Space ships are like the factories on the ground, way too similar. The focus on CQC makes Sniper rifles feel more obsolete than ever, with no real 'sniper spots' or lanes, and standing still often meant dying.Verticality and movement seems to be tacked on as well. Ledges that were easily within reach of my boost-jump were ungrabable and wall-run sections seemed like 'insert wall-run bit here', but if an enemy was at the beginning or the end of such a section, you're pretty much dead. However, boost jumping IS a lot of fun, and i've seen players use it to their advantage. Once you're adjusted to aiming from the air, and those sorts of things, you can outmanouvre an enemy quite skillfully, as you confuse them with your unpredictable movement. These were the moments that i didn't feel bad dying, because it was obvious that  they just had more skill than I did.But, COD is still COD. Despite sounding negative, shooting is still as tight as ever and feels gratifying. Just barely surviving an encounter, even if it does only last a second, feels great and the Time-to-Action is almost non-existent. You're dead, and a second later you're sliding or boost-jumping to your death again. I didn't encouter any game breaking bugs, I had one bad case of rubberbanding and sometimes you'd have to wait a minute to get into a game. Matches were over in a blink and i always stayed in the lobby for more. I think that this is as arcade-y as COD will get, and i think that activision will publish a more arcade-y one next year."
76561197965605653,Not Recommended,292730,26466691,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kaptaink55,"I pre-ordered this game after not having played a CoD games since Black Ops.  I also was greaty looking forward to MW: Remastered.MW: Remastered will be a great product when it comes out one day as a stand-alone purchase.  The game actually looks better than Infinite Warfare and the guns and gameply are better.IW:  A complete was of 60 USD.  The story was decent in the first hour and a half, but the gameplay is so underwhelming, it would have been best left to a movie instead.  The graphics, maxed out on a 980 look like something from 2011.  The guns are bland, lack a sense of feel and all seem virtually the same.  The multiplayer experience is visually plain and suffers from all the problems found in singleplayer.  Oh, and if your friend(s) bought the game in the Windows 10 store, they cannot play with anyone who bougth the game on Steam, or the Xbone!I am getting a refund and trying BF1 or Titanfall 2."
76561198057205964,Not Recommended,292730,26476775,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pug,"Tried for 6 hours on release to get on multiplayer, campain is slow and unoriginal. Just more Sci-Fi but honestly feels like every other COD.Wouldn't recommend. Dissapointing to have to spent 60.00pound just for Modern Warefare Remastered tbh.Fun fact: Truck Simulator has more consistant players and peak players than on release date of IW. That says alot about how the ""fan base"" feels about COD games now days.tl;dr:don't buy unless on sale.don't feed into the moneygrabbing scheme of wanting you to pay 60.00 just for remastered MWgive up on COD.Needless to say, the optimization is horrendous. 1080x i7's struggle to get good FPS on single player unless on low settings.EDIT: 6 hours is exaggeration I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. xD the 0.8 hours is full of disconnects and relaunching after being ""Game lobby closed"" everytime I launch Multiplayer.EDIT 2: I played campain on console. My review still stands. I dont need hours on steam to prove I played a ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198314375705,Not Recommended,292730,26743018,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,timguyperson,"No one is playing this game. I've tried for hours, and multiple times over the weeks to get a match with Zombies and I've only ever gotten 1 match in that entire time. Cod is dead. At least on pc. Unfortunately I was silly enough to give this game a chance and wait for the lobby's to popluate, which never happened. So now I'll be inelligible for a refund probably. This is just pathetic.Update: Steam has refused my game refund request saying that I played it for too long. But it took hours of waiting to actually get into a game, I have played it under 2hrs but apparently steam includes sitting in a lobby waiting as gameplay. What a load.On top of this their refusal to refund a faulty product is in violation of Australian citizens consumer protection law. Something in which the Australian government has just won a court case against steam for. Yet steam is still proceeding with violating Australian law. Real classy steam!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30761183,Posted: 26 March,all,The Doctor / 14.9.17. Retired,Press F to Pay Respects.Call of Duty isDEAD.R.I.P.
76561198028420280,Not Recommended,292730,34569778,Posted: 28 August,all,LokiZeus,Way too many hackers that openly flaunt their cheating because there is no policing. Some of the kill/death ratios are so high that even a moron at Activision should be able to figure it out. Activision should set up matches based on the kill/death ratio so all the hackers could play each other and let the rest of us enjoy the game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26416271,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AbsoluteZero,12fps on a GTX 1080! Are you kidding me! Terrible port and dull looking game!! Don't waste your money this crap!!
,Not Recommended,292730,26410996,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,HK Productions,"If you want a game that runs bellow 60 fps and stutters throughout the course of the game this is the game for you. The game that won't even let you run the game in fullscreen mode for no apparent reason and because of that it locks about 30% of the options. So if this sounds like the best game of the year to you right now well go buy this thing. Just so you know I'm trying to run this thing on an intel core i7 6700k with 16GB of DDR4 Ram and a gtx 1080 so all I have to is: Why the hell is this series so bad. Also I want to point out that I bought this game for the remaster only and I can't even get that to run properly either so avoid at all cost.Update: For those that think that I'm lying about my specs well here's a picture of my computer and also here's a screenshot of my computer for your enjoyment. Will be posting a video about this issue soon.http://imgur.com/a/Op4k7Update 2: For those that say just keep the game wait for a patch to come my response to that is look at No Man Sky. Why don't you get that game and just grind through it waiting for a patch to come out for it that can fix all of the issues wrong with that game such as crashing, hitching, etc. Besides all those issues with that game it's perfect right.Update 3: For those that want video proof about the issue I'm facing here it is for your eyes to behold.https://youtu.be/5_MHuwKTAT0Update 4: Ok so I finally got the game running properly in that it no longer stutters or crashes. So the way I was able to fix it thanks to the the comments that weren't blaming my toaster was by going into the Nvidia control panel and turning the power management mode to ""Prefer maximum performance"" which was able to stablize the game a bit and also I had to mess around with the ini files and then I had to reinstall the game a thrid time and by doing that I don't know what happened but I was able to run the game in fullscreen mode which fixed all the issues. I also ran the game in borderless fullscreen and I found the game to go back to that unstable point when I created this review yesterday. Again I want to thank everyone in the comments that tried to help a big thanks. Side note if you do have to play this in bordrless fullscreen don't have any type of overlays or fps counter or anything running because it drops the framerate significantly."
,Not Recommended,292730,26486605,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,-Moonrise,"It took me 5 minutes to find a lobby, 3 to get a feel for the mechanics and setting, and 1 to exit and refund."
76561198019435816,Not Recommended,292730,26411998,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ApOcAlYpTiC,"i Can't play this game. the Game only freeze or Crash!wtf is wrong with the developers? selling a product that's not working ?!??!??* If i go back to menu it freeze.* If i change graphics it freeze.* If i try join a game, it disconnect.* The champain game mode are stopping at the end of loading* The zombie game mode i get Black screen if i try start Singel player game.So nothing works at all! ! !"
76561198104918053,Not Recommended,292730,26480858,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Freeninjaz123,"buys the new cod instantly refunds when you see there asking for another $50 for the modern warefare remastered  and season pass, its stupid you cant make people pay $50 then only let them play new maps etc if they pay another $50!! these should be free updates! fix it cod its awful!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26474539,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Afure,"Played and returned. Sadly, the MP is not tuned very well. I have a GTX 1080 and I saw frame drops especially when zooming down the scope or quick turns. I hear this could be a mouse acceleration issue but that should never happen in a AAA launch."
,Not Recommended,292730,26756090,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pilates,"Multiplayer.... where to begin?1) The amount of times you will be aiming down sights at someone coming around a corner and fire 8+ rounds yet they kill you first?2) Having to restart the game if you leave a lobby after a match to change your loadout since every attempt to join a game after doing so results in a ""Failed to connect to peer"" error after loading the map?3) Peer-to-peer hosting in 2016?When the campaign is the strong point of a Call of Duty game, you know something is wrong."
,Not Recommended,292730,26452712,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The Worst One,Sorry to say but this game is very poorly optimized for pcWouldn't recommend it for any one the game has.lost it's spark completely
,Not Recommended,292730,26440012,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✪ Jayson's Rage,"If you're considering this game, get it on console. I'll update this review when I do my video review, but long story short... The game itself is fantastic. But the GARBAGE PC Port added with the fact that Infinity Ward is stupid enough to think P2P multiplayer is acceptable puts me over the edge. The campaign is incredible so far, but on PC the multiplayer is borderline unplayable.Keep in mind, the CoD series is actually my favorite series in gaming. And as much as I love it, I'm done with Infinity Ward. Their complete lack of respect to PC players makes me wash my hands of them.::EDIT::Here's my launch day woeshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huys0apxwts"
,Not Recommended,292730,26483726,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,.GIF,"BUMMIEST EXPERIENCE EVER... this game is terribly optimized, countless problems, the whole ♥♥♥♥ing screen is a clutter, dont even get me started. i cant even launch moden warfare remestered multiplayer because it freezes( doesnt crash it just freezes like a maniken wtf forvever) this is not worth 80 bucks if you bought this you are a fool like me ♥♥♥♥ the develeper stick to bo2 and 3"
76561198043383639,Not Recommended,292730,26415947,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,checking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializingchecking player connections>intializing
,Not Recommended,292730,26646969,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,rev3la7ion,"This game is trash. From the clunky movement, to the poor menu design, to the bland maps, to the generic pew pew sounds. Infinity Ward hasn't even implimented an Anti-Cheat system in their game so hackers are now becoming rampant through IW and MWR. I can't believe I got tricked, again, into buying anothe Infinity Ward branded CoD. This game is garbage and I think even the devs know it. They had to package a nostalgic game with it just to tempt people to buy it. I fell for it and wish I didn't now that I've played them. EVEN ZOMBIES SUCKS! Like, how do you screw up a Zombies mode?This game is just a cheap, bland, knock-off of Black Ops 3. Even the create a class has changed from the classic Modern Warfare style Create-a-class to the 3Arch version. I want my money back. MWR doesn't even justify the cost for me. More people are playing MW2 on PC than MWR."
,Not Recommended,292730,26468264,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GameOverJeremy,"Right now, this game is completely unplayable.  It freezes if I try to go back or exit out of anything. The multiplayer background is black and everytime I try to enter a game it will pop up an in game error saying I was unable to join and then it freezes the game.  Fix this game!! I cannot recommend this game in its current state.UPDATE:I ended up getting a refund and playing this game on my PS4 Pro. The campaign was fun to play (veteran difficulty). Story was good. I just can't recommend it for PC unless it is fixed. (Which I wouldn't know because I asked for a refund).If you are wondering about my specs:i7 3770k overclocked to 4 GHz2 ASUS GTX 980's OC Edtion - SLI32 GB of RAM5400 RPM HDD"
,Not Recommended,292730,26469288,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,firerescuebrfd,GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1
76561198073751817,Not Recommended,292730,26436238,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ϟC.aD,Multiplayer for both games are dead on relese.
76561198198074545,Not Recommended,292730,26440851,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nuts,Don't waste your money
,Not Recommended,292730,28872655,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HildaVan7deLaan,"I should've bought BF1.Although I was initially put off from the release trailer I was actually enjoying the campaign, I think it was pretty well done.  Short lived unfortunately as it gets repetitive, I've lost interest with just over 13 hours according to Steam.  Futhermore, the cut scenes are laggy and out of sync which really spoils the experience.  My drivers are up to date and running an i5, 16GB RAM & 980Ti...I really wanted to give it a chance, even bought the full package expecting to play it for the next 12 months, but halfway through my first multiplayer match I wished I could refund and rather buy BF1.  COD is not COD anymore, hasn't been since Ghosts imo.  I'm sorry I wasted my money on this.I haven't touched on MWRM and at this point am not interested,  I'll be freeing up space on my hard drive instead."
76561198036147631,Not Recommended,292730,30565255,Posted: 17 March,all,BasedKojima,I didn't expect anything and I was still disappointed.
,Not Recommended,292730,26410786,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ChrisMa130,"My girlfriend gave me this game as a present, and I just broke up with her."
,Not Recommended,292730,26411452,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,sellout | gamekit.com,"Played a few multiplayer rounds, felt a pain in my side.Looked on WebMD and found out it was cancer.0/10 I'm going to die."
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,292730,26488437,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Change can be a good thing. For a series that comes out like clockwork on an annual basis like Call of Duty, if you played one you knew what expect for the most part the next year, and the next, and so on. The repetition brings comfort on one hand, but makes you question why to even bother on the other. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare makes some big changes to the established formula. Some of them work and lead to pleasant surprises, but the core gameplay still feels old and some design choices are just hot garbage.The immediate, striking shift is the overall genre the game sets itself in; this isn't historical, modern, or near future combat. Infinite Warfare goes all in with it's science fiction theme, where spaceship design is ripped straight out of Aliens and Halo, and the Mass Effect inspirations don't even attempt to be subtle. I enjoy sci-fi so I am perfectly fine with the setting, and it's commendable how the game remains grounded for the most part despite the interplanetary travel. Ship to ship combat is treated as naval warfare, and once your boots are on solid ground it's still corridor shooting and setpieces, just with the added complications and tactical options zero gravity environments and the vacuum of space allows. Infinite Warfare remains the “Hoo Rah!”, Michael Bay, action movie the Call of Duty series is known for, they just took it to the stars. It's essentially Tom Clancy's Star Wars.The campaign is an enjoyable, seven or eight hour experience that has enough variety to keep it interesting. It looks incredible. The polished, big budget, other-worldly landscapes, the blackness of space, and the cutting edge facial and motion capturing of the characters can be breathtaking. There are plenty of convincing environmental details and effects that sell the levels, although that attention to realism can lead to clutter that gets in the way of the gameplay. The smoke and shadows and rubble look great, but trying to pick out the slightly different colored enemy from that static can be difficult; they don't really pop out in any helpful way. I often found myself relying on looking for muzzle flashes or waiting to get shot first and following the damage indicator rather than taking the initiative. You could say their camouflage is effective, I guess, but I ended up shooting my allies almost as much as the opposition.The story is throwaway, Saturday morning cartoon, overly simplistic bubblegum fluff. The bad guys are real villains that want power, and your side is fighting for freedom and everything good about humanity. The patriotic, PG-13 plot stands in stark contradiction to this really grim, dark tone that runs parallel throughout the game. One minute you're stifling groans from the cheesy tropes of an inspirational speech before a big battle or a robot having human emotions, then the next you're watching a graphic depiction of your squadmate's head being stomped on like a melon and his brains becoming a pile of meat. For whatever reason the split personality, dual nature ends up working really well. It's whimsical and grimy, and I kind of dug it.When you're on the ground doing the traditional Call of Duty, linear shooting thing the game feels dated. Wallrunning and boosting feels sluggish, and the enemy AI is robotic and predictable (and not just the robots). If you reload a checkpoint you're guaranteed to see the same exact scenarios play out, the enemy placement is the same and they'll hide behind the same pieces of cover and react in the same manner, so it becomes a game of memorization. It's old school FPS design, and not in a good way. Fortunately, that's not all you'll be doing. The zero gravity fights are at least interesting as you can grapple to asteroids to take cover or perform some brutal melee kills. When you board ships it's quite the spectacle being able to shoot out windows and see dozens of bodies get sucked out into the void of space. Then there's the ship to ship combat, which almost feels like a completely different game. You can outfit your fighter with a few different options, but it's not a particularly deep dog fighting system. Most of the space/aerial combat boils down to locking on enemies and being auto-piloted toward them, with you just having to worry about fine aim and launching missiles. It's functional and fun for what it is; the Call of Duty of arcade space combat.So the campaign is okay; certainly not the best FPS campaign out there, but it tries some new things and succeeds more often than not. Then I tried the multiplayer, the meat and potatoes of the series. It sucks. The perk/upgrade/crafting system must be aimed at long time annual players, because I found it to be a confusing mess. Presented with an overwhelming amount of options I tried my hardest to slow down and read the descriptions of each perk and attachment, but the information given is so vague and convoluted it's pretty much useless. There are shops to go to for crafting, and keys to open chests to unlock loot crates to upgrade weapons that have their own levels, but you still have to reach a certain level to use some of them. Not your faction level, your player level, or maybe your “Rig” level... Then I'm playing and I get a message saying my Claw is ready... and I have no idea what that is or how to use it, and the button prompts are wrong anyway if I did. What the ♥♥♥♥ is all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just give me a gun and let's go.Maybe it would be worth the hours it would take to decrypt all of that garbage if the core gameplay was any good, but it's really not. The maps are all woefully simple, boring, circular designs that somehow still manage to encourage camping and sniping, so the movement abilities that feel bad to use anyway are more or less moot. The respawn system is a joke, often placing you a foot away from multiple enemies with no invulnerability, so the spawn/die cycle is alive and well. Most of the persistent Call of Duty issues are still here, like snowballing kill streaks, questionable latency, abusable abilities, nonexistent balancing... all of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with none of the fun the previous games provided. It just looks, plays, and feels like crap.As decent as the campaign is, I can't recommend Infinite Warfare on that mode alone. While there is a good amount of content in the game, and it's refreshing to have a complete, functional product that's basically three games in one, two thirds of it is awful. And the big one, the multiplayer that would have provided the most replayability, is borderline unplayable. Kudos for the ambition and taking chances, but the main course stinks."
,Not Recommended,292730,26501037,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,King Kang Kong,Not sure if multiplayer is broken or its because no one is playing....GG...
,Not Recommended,292730,26436487,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,VooDooRising,Refunded! Clunky game. Lot of glitches. Nothing new. Movement is bad.I'm sorry but I am not paying $100 for 2 games that look like they were made in the early 2000's. The graphics and game play are just not on par with what is being put out these days. The look and feel of Rainbow Six Siege blows this out of the water and it came out many moons ago.How long is a brand name going to carry this franchise?
,Not Recommended,292730,26511248,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TyrannicalBearD,"Do you enjoy flying, wall running, flailing wildly and hip firing? If so this game is for you...if not...stay away...I really tried to like this game...but CoD went even further into the Titanfall clone zone and did it poorly. Combine that with the embarrassing player base making TDM the only playable game mode and it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26416027,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Develil,"I played the infinite garbage for 50 min and mordern warfare remastered for 30 min..... then i decided to refund, game is terrible, i have never refund any cod game even cod ghost. Titanfall2 wins lol, and don't compare this to battlefield 1, this is trash. I don't care what u guys think about how good or bad titanfall2 or battlefield 1 is, but they put no work on this game"
,Not Recommended,292730,26722189,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Have a great Friday ya’all,"Well basiclly I just threw 60$ down the train basiclly.This is the worst cod ever made.The movment sucks mouse lags in-game , spiking , gliches , random spoawns in front of enemyPc at the time of writing review 5.2k ppl playng cmon lol more ppl play cod2 mp then this.You will need to imrpove this game devs."
,Not Recommended,292730,26589540,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,hogscraper,"Overall pretty disappointing game. The menus and nearly all 'extra' functionality and polish found in previous versions is missing from this one. It honestly feels like the menus are merely generic placeholders while they finish the real thing. Where is split-screen or theater mode? Where BO3 felt like a newly built shopping mall when you first walk in, this game feels like a flea market. So many things feel plain and unfinished.Single player goes from fun to boring and tedious with a sickening frequency. At least a dozen times I immediately went from finding some aspect of a mission to be fun or cool, straight into something that felt scripted and pointless to play. {SPOILERS} Life is depressing enough that I chose games as a hobby for something fun. Non-interesting characters generally have non-interesting deaths. If I don't care the entire time before they die, why would I find long cut scenes about their deaths interesting? Knowing that why would anyone include that in a game except to force a depressing ambience onto people playing their game? By the time the ending came I was far beyond wanting it to be over just for the sake of beating it.Then, for a final kick in the balls, I get to sit through a long, silent credits scene or chose to listen to messages from those non-interesting npc's to their non-interesting familes. Had they spent even a tiny amount of time developing these characters it would have been an epic story. Instead it feels like gaming by numbers. We need a level with lava, check. We need a funny sidekick to interject humor here and there, check. We need someone to die, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check. That's right, eight major eulogies at the end unless you want to watch the credits scroll in silence?Zombies was fun and I love the setting. They did an excellent job making it feel like the eighties. Mini-games are ready to play in the arcade and I love that they added a 'self-revive' mini-game to help you get back into the battle. The one negative here is that you somehow get significantly more keys per hour played than you do in multiplayer. With such a small player base, incentivizing players to not play multiplayer just makes no sense at all. If you never play MP this is a huge positive. Once you spend any time in MP, though, it hits you just how wrong the rewards system is in this game. I'm level 45 in MP and level 9 in zombies and have gotten roughly five times the rewards for my progress in zombies as i I did in MP. That makes every reward I get in MP, (where I want to spend my time), feel like a complete waste in comparison.With everything in this game trying its best to get you to no longer want to play some part of it, the game quickly runs out of things you want to do. Even if you get past all of the personal taste type issues you still have a game that feels completely broken in most matches. To me, completely broken is where everyone, (including me and my 30D/7U connection), in the lobby shows full connection bars, my fps meter is showing my GTX 1070 pushing ~90 fps and yet every other encounter is between myself and an enemy that is glitching around untouchable.Today I had the game that prompted this review. With eight straight deaths without a single hit marker, I switch to an LMG and slowed down. Laying on the ground covering a hallway, I tested this with ten rounds into a player's back that only had one effect, he turned around and instantly killed me on my screen from 50m away. On my screen my crosshairs were on his back in the middle. From his perspective, (in the killcam), the bullets were hitting a wall ten feet from where he was standing. This let him spin around twice trying to locate me, bring up his gun and put 5 rounds into me. If this were a kickstarter by some college kids I would have been ok with the price tag along with such broken net code but I expect a hell of a lot more from such a long running, AAA franchise. I felt burned by Ghosts and passed on AW and it looks like I'm now down to only trusting Treyarch's entries. Sadly, those have gotten worse since BO1 so their next version might be my last."
,Not Recommended,292730,26639483,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,elsv,"This is my first review for a game since conception of my steam account. Although there have been many games that have deserved good, maybe even stellar reviews, this one is negative for the most part. Although its worth noting that my pessimism for PC games ha only grown over the years with the shift in focus that has been catered more towards console gaming.I think the most depressing thing about this game is the community or lack thereof. The most I saw playing at once on a weekend was around 7,000 players and that number is dwindling because 1 out of 2 games there is hacker there to ruin the fun. Why Infinity Ward hasn't a patch to answer this let alone something to prevent hacking in the first place?I am going to bed tonight and the rest of the next week dreaming that somehow I get a refund so I can give it to a bum in need. Surely that person would have more fun than I have had wasting my time and frustration on what could of been something good.I will however say that the feel of the game is worth noting, no mouse input lag and aiming just feels fluid. Gameplay is actually pretty decent. Maps could be a lot better. It feels a lot like Advanced Warfare which I actually liked a lot.It's also too bad that MW Remastered didn't take off as well as we thought.Sadly a waste of $80 and I hardly see PC gaming let alone this franchise get any better with the complete neglect of the PC gaming community."
76561198063279407,Not Recommended,292730,26414756,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,karambit spinner,I bought this game just to test the refund button of steam
,Not Recommended,292730,27501876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vulfen,A waste of money.
,Not Recommended,292730,26415379,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Decerex,"The frame drops and stutter on this game are out the♥♥♥♥♥ Even on SLI 970s this game will take a big ol'♥♥♥♥♥♥on your pc. Not fun either, the guns are trash and it plays like ghosts did. Jumping is the same as BO3 but slower and no flow. I'm refunding and waiting for remastered to sell solo (we all know it will). It's the only thing they did right this year..."
76561198250672034,Not Recommended,292730,26415962,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Someday,"NOT WORTH $60!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY!Specs:i5-6600kGTX 9708gbs of RAM7200RPM HDDThis game runs nicely on my computer but the Mouse acceleration makes it UNPLAYABLE.I've played a few games of multiplayer and I am so dissapointed. I bought this game because I really thought it would be fun to play but the mouse acceleration makes the game play like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Other than that, it definitely is what you'd expect from COD. From the get go, in your first match, your first death will be from somone sitting in a corner. And since the environment and soldiers are so futuristic, it'll be hard to distinguish sometimes.If you can get past the mouse acceleration and how hard it is to find games plus no HC S&D... then maybe you can play the game.I'm going to request a refund, I'm so dissapointed. FPS seems to be dying nowadays... Guess Battlefield is the ONLY good one out."
76561197987051572,Not Recommended,292730,26416154,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FT|WhoopS_Podge,.....If you thought Ghosts was bad then purchase this and see a whole new level of poor quality gaming.... Any chance of a refund?
76561198072819703,Not Recommended,292730,26482918,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DustyCleavage,They took Black Ops 3... then broke everything.  Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,292730,26414538,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Spitfire™,"So much for PC master race. I thought a re-master would be better than the master, nope.avi cod4 remastered was not a good time. I was practically rolling in dorritos within seconds of launching the game. The Graphics suck, bad pc port, not so dedicated server, mouse accel, cant find games, load in time is based on you graphic settings, aim assist, bad hit reg, when people jump around corner on your screen they like teleport."
76561198137539256,Recommended,292730,31287663,Posted: 21 April,all,SteveSupreme,"The community itself is what killed Call of Duty, NOT this game, not any other games, it was purely us.To be quite honest, this game has been quite fun to play without the ""tryhard"" community.Okay wait, if you're all pissy right now because of the word ""tryhard"", take a breath and continue reading.This game has allowed me from previously being a ""Zombies-Only"" player in Call of Duty to now enjoying the multiplayer in the Call of Duty games due to practice against players of my skill level that don't spend their entire life in front of the screen.This game reminds me a lot of Advanced Warfare mixed with Black Ops 3. Both of those games I loved due to the reasons stated above. Yes Black Ops 3 still had a large community but still got a lot of hate and community leavers due to self-endulged reasoning. In other words, you're greedy as hell. Yes, it might not have taken place in space, but the core of every call of duty game is practically the same asides from the new exo-movement system that has allowed for many different fps styles within the past few years.Call of Duty is trying different things because this toxic community just thinks that they can ♥♥♥♥♥ about everything they want and get it. Well guess what? You wanted new things and you got it and you're still complaining about how it's not good enough.The thing is, that they're really trying to make us happy. Why do you think WW2 is coming out this year? You think they knew that Infinite warfare would crash and burn this badly and started making a WW2 game right after to make up for it? LOL it takes YEARS to make a Call of Duty game. They were planning this before Black Ops 3 was even released.Think about it this way... Any game can really be good depending on the way you look at it.For this game, these are my reasons why:The Campaign in this game is incredible and the detail and story to it is just fantastic.The Multiplayer is almost the exact same as Black Ops 3 and all of the maps are diverse and easy to find people on.The Zombies, although it's kind of geared for younger ages, is still very well done and fun to play with your friends. It might not be Treyarch quality, but it's still fun and that's what matters isn't it?So honestly, this game is exactly what people ask for.But, sadly this is what happened...This game blew up into a meme due to this Community we have become, and it's disgusting how people base what others think as their own opinion. People were making themselves multiple accounts on Youtube just to DISLIKE the video BEFORE the game even came out.I know many of you may not agree with this review, and quite frankly I could care less because this is not a review to hate on the community. It's a review to spark people's actual interests in this game and many to come on how to actually use your own knowledge to buy a game rather than listening to what everyone else is saying about it.It's plain and simple, if you dislike this game, then don't buy it and stop complaining about it.Me persoanlly, I would recommend If you want to give it a try to see what it's actually like, then buy it.It's not a bad game."
,Not Recommended,292730,26604588,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Chrisicksix,"One big chaos just runing in circle. Random spawns, very small rooms. This game is terrible you dont need skill to play this game.All maps are super claustrophobic like nuke town in BO3"
,Not Recommended,292730,26614372,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PhamTrinli,"Campaign: So-soMultiplayer: Community is almost non-existent after only a few days..Side note: I really wish that first person shooters would stop doing the whole thing where - when you get shot, someone smears vaseline all over your screen for a few seconds!Buy it for the campaign, if anything. The mp community will be completely dead in a couple more weeks at most."
,Not Recommended,292730,28250422,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DragonGJY,"Guess I still have the chance to get to lv1000 in Black Ops 3.Game is not bad, if only they still remember they actually launched the game on PC too."
,Not Recommended,292730,26425309,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,"Lemmings ""R"" Us",I am very unhappy with what Call of Duty has become. It is no longer a classic shooter game. They have added spaceships that you can fly as well as the enemy is very confusing within the campaign. I find myself often pulling the trigger on friendly enemies which does not kill them but it is just sad in my mind.I would say the only reason you should buy this game is to get COD: REMASTERED if you want a excellent revamp of a great game if you don't own it already.
76561197967917692,Not Recommended,292730,26414562,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sparkie,"Is anyone having the same low texture problems??? Even when your settings are on ""high"" ....I need a fix for this -_- In this state i don't like playing it"
,Not Recommended,292730,30135991,Posted: 23 February,all,Howlux,"Review updated (4.03.2017)The worst part of the Call of Duty series. Here are a few reasons:1. Bad optimization.2. Problems with servers. I can`t start any match. Always problems.3. Boring zombie mode. 1 map. Nice. Thanks.4. Problems with sound in cutscene.But here's the beautiful graphics, but it not changed since black ops 2.About the story I can`t say, as it is banal, and I didn't pass it through. I hope I get my money back."
,Not Recommended,292730,26616345,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Matzaz,"TLDR:Single player: It's good, story is nice Ethan is bay.Zombies: love this more more than anything else in this game.Multiplayer: It's cod, with jumping hax and there is no one playing it (on PC at least).Problems: Price is too damn high, there is a lot of bugs and poor optimization (again only on PC), and you can't mod it >_>.Longer:This game is solid and would be a fine buy from me if not for a few factors.1. Price: This is not a finnished PC game for 60 bucks and there is still a massive amount of bug fixing and optimizatyion that needs to go into it (gtx 770 on my rig btw).2. Multiplayer: It gets old so fast, leveling up is rewarding because you get things unlocked but after playing nothing but TDM because the comunity is so abismally small on PC is just sad.3. WTF activision: Let us the mod the game godamnit, the game is already boring enough without updating it once every... what 3 months?4. Lastly, the game does not even run on some AMD cards that are rated at above the minimum requirements. For example, I got this game for my partner so we could kick♥♥♥♥♥in zombies but aperently the game does not run on a r9 380 (rated above the min spec card).Conclution: Get tittan fall 2. I know it has to be bought on an inferior platform, but the game has the same movement system as this game with a much more open map to help, it runs on the source engine and is made with the PC comunity in mind, unlike this game. AND THAT GAME HAS ♥♥♥♥ING GIANT ROBOTS WITH SWORDS."
,Not Recommended,292730,34142083,Posted: 10 August,all,Haldynn,"Hacks and exploits run rampant, and nobody ever gets banned."
,Recommended,292730,31672422,Posted: 10 May,all,Eddie Lobotomy,Love the campaign. Hate the multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,292730,30133670,Posted: 23 February,all,Bdoge,free weekend only includes mp that has so much random stuff on the the hud... swear I saw my email on there too! Luckily it uninstalls faster than the installation
,Not Recommended,292730,33727758,Posted: 22 July,all,RoyalNinja,"Even though this game has a zombies mode, I personally think it is just way too cheezy for me. Also I am not a fun of jet aids in futuristic games now."
,Not Recommended,292730,30133700,Posted: 23 February,all,fewe,"so bad, in 80 minutes of gameplay about 30 of which was me just figuring out why i couldnt connect to any servers. (it turned out that you cant have a username of more than 15 characters which they do not tell you) i've experienced bugs (textures becoming blurry and low res on ultra quality which i have not found a fix for), ive experienced crashes, ive already experienced some of the most toxic people ever and to top it all off i get matched with extremely unbalanced teams of level ones vs level 50-60s. so glad i dont have to pay for it."
,Recommended,292730,34370061,Posted: 20 August,all,Jcam1,Although the multi-player maps give me dejavu. I like the futeristic weapon-tech on current frames.The main story isn't terrible...I recommend this if you like space theme games.
,Not Recommended,292730,28972518,Posted: 3 January,all,humorous fellow,"Hello were infinity ward and welcome to CoD on the PC! Our servers include Team-Deathmatch, Team-Deathmatch, and Team-Deathmatch!and we also put the ♥♥♥♥ing game in space!!!!111!!1!111"
76561197977577504,Not Recommended,292730,26485886,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shadow,"At this point in time I cannot recommend this game.  I've had it since day 1 and steam says I've played for 2hours, but thats just the ammount of time I have devoted to trying to fix it.  I haven't seen the in-game graphics, haven't played the campaign, multiplayer, or zombies.  In one way or another each part of this 'game' crashes, freezes, or just refuses to load."
,Not Recommended,292730,26501159,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,markskie,"Infinite Warfare: MultiplayerCurrently, this game is next to unplayable using a GeForce GTX 970 G1, even with the graphics on the lowest possible setting. Every time I enter any sort of firefight, the FPS drops to crippling speeds.Modern Warfare Remaster: MultiplayerNot even playable. If the map manages to even load, the game is already 30-40 seconds in and then it takes a few seconds for the weapon select screen to go above 1 FPS making selecting a weapon class  very difficult.Once I am finally able to select a goddamn class, i have to endure another 20-25 seconds of 2-3 FPS crap.FIX YOUR GAME!!!"
76561198275983637,Not Recommended,292730,30200907,Posted: 26 February,all,theREALraptorjesus,Game isn't even worth it for free
,Not Recommended,292730,26489015,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Enigma,"The campaign was really good and enjoyable but the multiplayer is suffering from bad time to kill and time to die.You need to put in around 10 bullets to kill but die from 2-3 bullets and needs to be fixed quickly! Zombies is also good and fun, but for most people (including me) the multiplayer is the most important and needs alot of fixing before I can recommend it.So in conclusion wait before you buy it, but I'm sure that when they fix it, it will be well worth it if you like bo3 and mw2 and good campaigns."
,Not Recommended,292730,30162514,Posted: 25 February,all,N7Legion,"What the hell? I downloaded the game and it was 50GB big. And when I launched it, almost everything was locked because I haven't bought the game. This type of stuff shouldn't be on free weekends.I totally regret my decision"
76561198139941153,Not Recommended,292730,26414742,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zoji,"This review will only be about the multiplayer; I plan to try zombies and campaign later.IW MP is basically a worse version of BO3 MP, so I'll be comparing the 2 games often. Minor improvements in some areas, but not nearly enough to save the game.Pros:- Decent optimization- Marginally better supply drop system where weapon variants are craftable with in-game currencyCons:- Population is already low (about 7.5k when I checked)- 90 fps cap- Minor bugs in graphics settings- Distorted graphical effects when increasing FOV- Maps and camos don't look as good- Cluttered, claustrophobic mapsBO3 didn't have the best maps, but the ones used in e-sports (Infection, Fringe, Hunted, etc.) were good in my opinion because they were open enough but not too big either. In these types of maps, all kinds of weapons were viable. In IW, all the maps I played were very confusing as there are always multiple lines of sight you have to watch. They didn't really take advantage of the advanced movement either.- Awful spawnsIn TDM, everyone spawns at the same spot. This means that you can't find any enemies for 30 seconds, then suddenly 4 enemies pop up right in front of you at once. Combined with the maps, the core gameplay of IW felt very annoying.- Boring RigsThe combat rigs are basically the same thing as specialists in BO3, but with less personality. I didn't like the specialist weapons in BO3, but they were at least fun to use when I was the one using them. In IW, the weapons feel like they're copied and pasted, yet still annoying to die by.I didn't hate BO3, and I actually spent a lot of time with it, but the TDM-fest bored me at the end of its life cycle. Since IW MP is a less enjoyable version of BO3 MP, I don't think I'll be playing it as much.Edit: One more thing, the hit markers show up later after conencting your shot compared to past CoDs. Might have something to do with lag comp, but it feels like constantly playing in a 100+ ping server."
76561198092617107,Not Recommended,292730,29198230,Posted: 11 January,all,Master Nutsack,"Only halfway decent due to the good zombie map. Otherwise save your money. The multiplayer is beat so badly they should rename it dead horse. Titanfall has it taken by a landslide in terms of optimization and overall feel. No splitscreen like BO3, graphics are pretty meh and the singleplayer is a glitch factory. They have been super slow to update the game and have a hard time listening to their fan-base. Infinity ward hasnt made a good COD since MW2. Treyarchs COD games are way more optimized and they have features like the store and splitscreen. All in all this game has been a huge disappointment. I really hope they add splitscreen/local play at least to zombies and those at the very least continue with the DLC (got duped into a season pass) to be decent.PS No anti-cheat..... you f****** crazy infitity ward?"
76561198110879823,Not Recommended,292730,30132756,Posted: 23 February,all,The-Forsaken,"Played the free trial for almost 20 minutes. I couldnt find a lobby and when I did find a joinable lobby, the game crashed. Great game"
,Not Recommended,292730,26476471,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Evil,Bunny hop city multiplayer is pants main reasion to buy game main reason i wasted £40 SP for me to make most out of spend.really MP is just who can jump the fastest
,Not Recommended,292730,30172265,Posted: 25 February,all,Muaath,another bad call of duty game
76561197988417934,Not Recommended,292730,26418853,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Katarn,"The campaign was one of the best Call of duty campaigns I ever played. It was long, (9 hours on Veteran), 40% of it was dogfigting in space and the characters were impactful. Felt very un-call of duty which I consider a good thing.However the multiplayer felt terrible, felt sluggish and downright awful compared to the other releases this year.Pack up and go play Titanfall 2 for all your multiplayer needs."
76561198138724847,Not Recommended,292730,26428972,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Cpt Cuddles,"Had to buy COD Infinite Recycle Warfare to get a 9 Year old game, all because COD 4 playerbase is strong but deadI was hoping this would resurrect it quess not. gg"
,Not Recommended,292730,26501780,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sir_Fauxelot,"single player is good! multiplayer is.. what multiplayer??? cant review it coz i can't even find a damn match!!!  =(  p2p is so fckin bad!!! eats almost 8gb of vram but graphics isnt any better than battlefield 1!! they gotta fix this sh!t, what a load of crap!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30682663,Posted: 23 March,all,OG NaCL | CS.MONEY,"Ignore the 10/10 and 8/8 and other reviews on the trailer the game story and everything sucks only thing thats decent is the graphics of the game. after playing this it feels like halo or destiny, it doesnt feel like call of duty. dont buy this unless its for the modern warfare remastered game. This game is not worth anything. Infinity ward only included modern warfare remastered in the legacy edition to get people to buy the game. they knew that there game sucked and they couldnt go back and change it from this point so they just tried to squezze all the money out of this game by including the modern warfare remsatered game dont buy this instead buy some older classic cods or maybe watch dogs or csgo or even gtavgtav is so much more worth it its insanly fun. putting a 60 dollar pricer tag on this is kinda insulting XD."
76561197993632081,Not Recommended,292730,26414913,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TrU3Ta1ent,"Absolutly terrible game, mouse smoothing which you cant take off, even in options it doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is not made for pc like most of there games now ever since cod4. Making you pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥then pay again for cod4 instead of giving it as a gift is shady as ♥♥♥♥ as you cant even get cod4 without buying this infinite♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30224907,Posted: 27 February,all,Adolf Jäger,its not worth the disk space even if its free.
,Not Recommended,292730,26420698,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nonlocality,Worst decision I've made this month.Best decision I've made this month? Getting a refund.
76561198044096518,Recommended,292730,30820178,Posted: 29 March,all,Mr. Thumpster,"Do NOT get this game for the multiplayer aspect alone because the MP in this game is its weakest part. This game truly shines in the campaign. This game IS the best campaign in the entirety of the Call of Duty series. The writing, characters, setting, gameplay, everything fuses so well together in the campaign and it just oozes with quality. With a very strong cast and story it really holds its own in the singleplayer department. This game also has some Mass Effect like qualities in terms of the campaigns hub and the way you can tackle missions. You can do missions in any order you want as you see fit. From space combat to ship assaults and infiltration, hostage rescue, weapons aquisitions, massive battles, and more! This game has tons of variety in the campaign and is worth playing and buying for the campaign alone. The multiplayer isn't bad. Far from it, but it's not exactly great either. It's fun for a few rounds and then it starts to get stale. Black Ops 3 is by far the better MP of the two. But I cannot stop praising this games campaign. It is outstanding.Campaign - 10Multiplayer - 5"
,Not Recommended,292730,26441680,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Veezyweezy,This is honestly the last COD i purchase.  Their lack of attention to the PC community and the continous output of unfinished products is down right infuriating.Issues with game:Mouse sens adjustment- it was built for controller-literally the only way to get my mouse sense where i could maybe play was to put my dpi to 200Staying on target- good luckMap Flow- non existentFrame Rate Capped at 91Claims holding 91 FPS yet looks choppyThe only fun thing about this game is the new look on zombies.Save your money.PC Specs:i7 4790kGTX 98032 gigs ramSSD
76561198020359853,Not Recommended,292730,31828952,Posted: 18 May,all,Zmod64,"Bought the game on sale and waited for 2 hours to download. Started up the game, instant crash. Retried, started zombie co-op, crashed the second time after a click. Rebooted, started up the game again and tried to join the queue. Waited for 5 minutes and finally someone joins the game. Another 2 minutes another player joined. Clicked on loadout and guess what? Crashed. Started the game again and joined the same queue and guess what happens after 4 minutes of waiting? 4th player joins and we loaded. While loading a crash error pops up. Something must have went wrong and being unable to try the game I just bought I decided to try single player zombie. Watched the demo and throught it was pretty cool but after the demo it crashed. Restarted game and tried again and guess what!? I can't skip the demo and have to watch the demo again. After watching everything my screen did not load and it was black for 2 minutes. I gave up in waiting as I have already WAITED along time already. So I manually quit the game and issued a refund 3 minutes ago. Nothing is wrong with my PC as I can run battlefield 1 perfectly fine with ultra settings as well as other games that requires high specs. I do not want to do further test as the refund is limited to only 2 hours of gameplay. Struggling already caused 40 minutes of my time. In conclusion my time was wasted and I am very disappointed."
76561198062584657,Not Recommended,292730,26426675,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Papabless,That moment when you have a GTX 1080 and there's a frame cap. Also with the frame capped I recieve below 50 FPS sometimes and it lags inbetween. Not to mention how horrible the graphics are. So thanks for selling me a broken game because I feel robbed :)
,Not Recommended,292730,26415471,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Game crashes when you change graphics settings.Game crashes when you back out to main menu, requiring hard reset.Can't find an online zombies server.Can't play multiplayer because for some reason the ""Find Match"" option is locked.Unexceptable for a £60 AAA title. I have no problem with bugs and launch issues, but this is taking it to the extreme."
,Not Recommended,292730,26412169,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pr0fane,"I thought it would be better than Black Ops 3. I thought that there was no way it could be worse.I was wrong.This game shouldn't be called 'Infinite Warfare'. No, it should be called 'Infinite Garbage' because that's what it is.There's no text chat in lobby, and mics sound like total garbage. I have to mute everyone because they sound like they're using mics from two decades ago. Those very same people sound fantastic in a private Steam chat.The weapons are utter trash. I can tell that they were going for an 'Advanced Warfare' vibe with the Quartermaster, but failed miserably. 'Advanced Warfare's system worked because the weapons weren't trash to begin with.The maps are absolutely terrible. Tiny labyrinths, basically. Good luck getting the drop on someone, because he will certainly be behind you before you can even turn around. The maps don't feel like they were deliberately designed; more like thrown together haphazardly.The party system is screwed up. Joining a party is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I get error messages 3/4 of the time when trying to join a party. If I'm in a party with a few specific players, the game will not allow another specific player to join. This is very annoying.Oh, and matchmaking is still messed up. It puts the top players on the same team. What is their deal? Activision needs to get their business in order. Nobody likes losing to a team made up of incredibly good players just because the devs are too lazy to fix their game. This has been a problem since Advanced Warfare and they still haven't fixed it? Seriously?I also can't seem to join my friends when they're in a game, even when they have slots open. It just says 'Server is full' or gives me some BS error message. This is an AAA game. Why are they having all of these problems? I didn't pay $100 for this.This game is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child of Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3. Has the weapons and laser stuff of AW, and the Black Market of BO3. Truly a match made in Hell. It more feels like a downgraded version of Titanfall 2 than an actual Call of Duty game.Don't bother. This game is complete trash. I might revise my review if they fix the glaring problems, but I doubt that will ever happen. I'm still waiting for Treyarch to fix the hitboxes in BO3.Tl;dr I would rather play No Man's Sky than this travesty.As of last patch, there are now 'Mark II' weapons that cannot be bought with salvage. Instead of fixing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, they're just releasing pay to win weapons that you might get if you spend enough money.♥♥♥♥ these greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Every ♥♥♥♥ing time I play this game, it's worse. How the ♥♥♥♥ is that even possible? Is Activison too ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to fix it? No, they aren't. They're just laughing at how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid we are, to buy this cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game.Every ♥♥♥♥ing update just brings more dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ This update (2/28/2017) brought more common items and a few weapons you'll never ♥♥♥♥ing see because the RNG won't ever give them to you.Edit 5/18/2017: As of last DLC release, the game no longer launches. How did you manage to screw that up, Activision? Is your team entirely comprised of monkeys?Edit 7/1/2017: I don't know when the ♥♥♥♥ they ♥♥♥♥ed it up, but the knife now has more range than the new ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun. ♥♥♥♥ you, you pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,26441023,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vextor,"Let me start off with the tl:dr : DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME.That being said let me tell you why this is potentially the worst game i have ever touched in my life.1. Horrendous server lag and especially when using big streaks or when a lot is going on.2. Absolutely disgusting combat system with people coming at you from 20 different angles3. The worst spawns since Ghosts4. Melee is broken as hell and easy for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to run through bullets and just melee you without having to aim at all5. Cannot even find a server and a lot of servers just randomly close out or kick you to the main menuAll in all, this has marked the end of COD for me and i won't be playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever. I was once a true call of duty veteran but i have realized through this game it's not worth the time or money and i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone on this earth."
,Not Recommended,292730,26508042,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Buttpiratebill,Multiplayer is horrible. Cheaters already using aim and wall cheats. Story line is just meh. Zombies is even worse. Activision did a horrible job on this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26476281,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The_Ph1NiX™,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Game. You Should Name iT Call Of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Duty Infinte ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Time Warfare For ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Damit. Its Enough.THis Game Is♥♥♥♥♥♥SO Much♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wastage Of Precious Money and Time. Time is Special. Bullcrap Game.Damn
,Not Recommended,292730,30215496,Posted: 27 February,all,BatteryJuice,I have a gtx 1080 an i7-6700k and 16 gb of ram yet the frames stutter from 100 to 45.the game feels hallow like store bought cookies. other then that i guess graphics are ok-ish nah nvm -_-
,Not Recommended,292730,33982579,Posted: 2 August,all,King of KFC Jamal,Why do I continue to support this dying franchise? It literally burns a hole in my wallet every year.
,Not Recommended,292730,26436342,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GamingSchnoz,suffers from the same problems I have had the the COD franchise for almost 7 years now. The people who play the most get the better gear to kill you the new guy better. The game doesnt even worry about balance.
,Not Recommended,292730,26420947,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sun Bro,Game runs poorly and multiplayer servers are a busted joke.
,Not Recommended,292730,26521668,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,n0smnby,"Campaign is Great, multiplayer is garbage and full of hackers as always"
76561198172610219,Not Recommended,292730,26478698,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Filipino Carbonara King,"The game just doesn't work. I have uninstalled my antivirus, redownloaded the game around a dozen times, restarted my computer around 20 times, and put an entire weekend into trying to fix it, but whenever I try to select either multiplayer, zombies, or campaign, it leads to the next menu with a black backround, starts lagging, then just freezes shortly after. The sound keeps playings, but thats all there is to it. I end up having to close it with task manager, and its really frustraiting. I have seen a fair amount of other people complaining about this, so I dont think it's just a random mystery case.Update: It has been a week now, and they still have not patched this. I might wait a few more days, but this is easily one of the more disappointing things I have ever spent $100 on."
,Not Recommended,292730,30132848,Posted: 23 February,all,God Emperor Doom,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash. I couldn't play a single match because ""connection loss"" during the free weekend."
,Not Recommended,292730,28001182,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shammy,"Despite the fact that there legitimately are things that I enjoy about this game, I can't reasonably recommend that anyone buy it. More info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmqXdMQIyRQ"
76561198074396466,Not Recommended,292730,30133560,Posted: 23 February,all,Burgandia,Horrible ♥♥♥♥ing game. Matches keep d/cing me 15 times out of 10
,Not Recommended,292730,26428314,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Niko Bellic,"Boring. Unenjoyable.Modern Warfare Remastered is great though. Needs to be standalone, but unfortunately Activision are a bunch of crooks and decided to make it a bonus package for the♥♥♥♥♥♥game lol.Don't buy it.  Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30133388,Posted: 23 February,all,shiftybits,They don't even have the servers to support a free weekend.
76561197971007711,Not Recommended,292730,31953920,Posted: 25 May,all,TWB*JohnWHardin,"Too many people now running MODS, Cheats, Hax, whatever you want to call it, and most of them are undected.Check out google with the companies who are selling them.It is about time Activision got together with there copyright dept, and take these people to court.This is spoiling the game for many players, and myself.The people who make these hacks are programmers who are using the same game engine, as it has never changed.One even boasts about not beiong caught in the last 10 years.This is one of the reasons I beleive that the servers should be public, so good clans can get rid of the cheating idiots."
,Not Recommended,292730,26436044,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,con7act,Refund Review:Terrible console port.Split community Steam/MicrosoftNo option to disable Mouse Acceleration
76561198236883210,Not Recommended,292730,26436292,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,{BHC}Pvt.|TNA| *****Gamer,"Wish I could get a refund, but I clicked install and the game self-launched and before I got to even play the game I already had 3+ hours on record because it was running while I was asleep while the game was downloading.  I killed the game Alt-F4 and started over fearing I missed some kind of intro video or something.  Re-launched and found I had to sit through 4 minutes of shader preloading listening to the worst soap opera music.  Finally got past that and decided I didn't want to play.  Waited a while and then decided I would try MP and re-launched the game.  The loading screens are full of unecessary effects and finally when you ge tto the game countdown screen the graphics are plastic cheese consistency.The character movement is sluggish and the field of view seems a little squashed out of the gate.I pre-ordered this long ago and had looked forward to it.  I'll keep playing Black Ops III or some other game."
76561198176980361,Not Recommended,292730,26489966,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,✪ xSeppel,"""Review"" is for CoD 4 Remastered Version only.Didn't even touch Infinite Crapfare. The Zombie Mode is fun tho, but nothing new.For now ""NO"". Can't even Refund it...at least I've got it for 50 bucks.- random fps drops- 4 out of 5 times, Server disconnect- laggy as hell- the ""CoD Kids"" Community (like the old days) is still the sameThis Game will be good with:- Mods- Dedicated ServersThat's all."
,Not Recommended,292730,26482480,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BAWB.BAGET,"Pros:-Best campaign for COD to date. COD Single-player is all about the spectacle, and this one doesn't shy away from it.-Zombies is way more accessible this time around. It includes a ton of tips in the menu, and the maps have arrows that literally point you in the right direction to get you started. Not being a heavy zombie player, this may actually be the first COD I'll say ""I'm only playing this for zombies.""-Introduces a classic-tier of weapons that include weapons from previous COD's: Glock 18 pistol, M1 Garand, OSA, SPAS 12, Intervention Sniper Rifle, and UMP45). Kind of cool to see I guess.-Impressive soundtrack.Cons: The 2 biggest problems plaguing this game are the inconsistent frames and performance issues and overall weapon balance.1.) Performance: What good is a game if you can't run it? For me, I had no game-breaking issues WHILE playing. Most stemmed from frame drops during loading (which is expected) or during a multiplayer lobby (unexpected, down to 10fps for some reason, rare). Mouse movement is supposedly weird, producing a mouse-acceleration-like effect (treated by VSYNC until addressed) and frame drops plague this game just like in Ghosts.2.) Gun Balance. Just like BO3 on release, this game suffers from a gun balance problem. Yes, SMG's continue to dominate most scenarios and I reckon it will be fixed with time. There’s a saying: A weapon is only as dangerous as the man wielding it. Infinite Warfare basically reverses that: A man is only as dangerous as the weapon he wields. You can have the highest K/D in town, but this is one of those games where if you’re not using “X_WEAPON” with “X_ATTACHMENT” and “X_PERK” you are basically screwing yourself. And the biggest difference here between Infinite Warfare and BO3 are the added benefits of weapon variants stacking with attachments. I can't count the amount of times I looked at a kill-cam and see a controller-wielding scrub using hip-fire/laser-sight. I've never been this tilted since Advanced Warfare's AFK shield-wearing players started filling up lobbies. I even found myself refusing to aim-down sight FOR SCIENCE, and found I did a better job hip-firing players. The guns look pretty, but it ain’t fun to shoot em. You’re either underpowered or VERY overpowered.3.) Gimmicks:-Salvage economy: It's way to grindy to get enough salvage to obtain the weapon variants in the ""Prototype lab"" that's actually good. You can also pray to RNGesus....yeah.-No real personality to the Combat Rigs. Black Ops 3 spoiled us with voice actors/actresses, in-game voice taunts, and actual faces you can see. Infinite Warfare strips all that away and basically gives you a masked tank doing hand gestures. No voices at all. Whooptydoo. For some this may not be a big deal, but coming from Black Ops 3 or even Ghosts for that matter, there's just no face or real personality to the player you're controlling and it just doesn't make you want to care for this online persona you're controlling.Oh and the best part,some of the taunts even cover your entire ♥♥♥♥ing screenso God help you if you get caught with it, because there aint no way to CANCEL OUT OF IT LOL. You're in hip-fire mode the entirety of it.-The Remastered COD4 is the biggest gimmick since No Man's Sky(ehh, maybe not THAT big). Anyone with a competent mind who bought COD 4 back in the day learned how to mod the game to use high-res skins. Granted this time around you have remastered sounds, new weapon models (which look sick), and new lighting, the novelty wears off after a few missions in Single-Player or a few matches in multiplayer. The age just starts to show itself like a cartoon scenario of Batman's Ras Al'Ghul and the Lazarus pit: You can coat a game in new paint all you want, but it'll eventually show its ugly age. I'm really not surprised or that disappointed, since I wasn't one of the people going HURR HURR IM ONLY BUYING THIS FOR COD4/IM ONLY BUYING IT IF THEY SEPARATE COD 4 FROM INFINITE FAGFARE HUEHUE.They even added a firing range, Advanced-Warfare style for COD 4 Remastered multiplayer, which in my opinion, is SO out of place because it's the WORST game to put it on, logically. Infinite Warfare should have it, when you consider all the weapon variants its flaunting. ""Missed opportunity"" would be an understatement.Other missed opportunities:1.) 90FPS CAPPED Multiplayer for Infinite Warfare AND Remastered. (Both have an FOV slider at least)2.) No ping NUMBERS, just PING BARS (really?)3.) Currently no anti-cheat (really??)I actually found myself reinstalling Black Ops 3, and that's not something I did with Advanced Warfare when Black Ops 3 came out. That's how little faith I have in the replayability of Infinite Warfare.I kinda want next year to come already and be done with this year's COD. Hopefully Sledgehammer don't drop the ball.Advanced Warfare was SICK (boots on ground < boots in da air)RIG:CPU: i7-4790k @ 4.4GhzCPU Cooler: Corsair H60 Liquid CoolerHD: Samsung SSD 840 PRO 512GB, 500GB Hitachi HDDRAM: 16GB Crucial BallistiXGPU: MSI GTX 1070 8GB ARMOR X OCMonitor: BENQ XL2420te @144hz, 1msSound Card: Creative Sound Blaster ZMouse: Steelseries Sensei PROHeadset: Sennheiser PC 363dKeyboard: Logitech G710+Misc: Nvidia 3D Vision 2 Kit"
76561198006899983,Not Recommended,292730,26414059,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jim_hatama,Same mouse accelaration bug as with mw3 ghosts  aw .  Same small stuttering/ This is just disgrace. refunded
76561198014140079,Recommended,292730,34171727,Posted: 11 August,all,yuragreat,One of the best single player.
,Not Recommended,292730,26433337,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BruceWayne,"Well, I pre-ordered Digital Deluxe edition of this game 1 and a half month from release date. Was waiting desperately for it to launch..Every day, every night... I had high hopes from Activision as well as Infinity ward...All I expected was a normal game with good story and good multiplayer.. And what I got after waiting for so long is LAGS, FPS drop and low performance, that I can't even play the game. I'm getting 14-17fps.How could Activision do such thing to me, I've been a fan of call of duty from the start. I debated so many battelfield 1 players, that Infinite Warfare will win, and what I'm getting in the end??? A lesson, ""to never trust someone or don't rise ur hopes high""? It takes so long at matchmaking in MP, SP-MP FPS drop..What the hell I'm supposed to feel losing my 6.9K INR . That was the money I saved in 5years. As a student and a gamer, I deeply regret buying this now.Do Something ASAP, if you wanna save your franchise and fan following......EDIT: After 2-3 updates the fps drop is till the same and so are jitters."
,Not Recommended,292730,30133233,Posted: 23 February,all,Bunchies,"I have played a LOT of Call of Duty in my life, but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS WAS SO BAD"
,Not Recommended,292730,26413392,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Markus,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke
76561198097883273,Not Recommended,292730,26513260,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Juice Box Hero,Got a refund this game is the worst cod i ever played
,Not Recommended,292730,26541019,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Davidusk,"I tried to stay positive even after the launch. But I have to admit, this is TOO MUCH for me.When I saw the first trailer, I wanted to be positive. I knew it could have potential and I did hope I am going to be right. However, this game is a mess. Consider Black ops 3 a masterpiece comparing to this garbage. The mouse controls are INCREDIBLY garbage, even after playing with the settings one hour the game still feels like the v-sync is on, causing weird controls. Not other that, but IW seems to encourage people rushing instead of playing tactically. I really like MW:Remastered tho, but 80$ for both isn't fair.If CoD won't listen to their fans, I don't want to see what will happen. This went WAY TOO FAR. This has to stop. Now."
,Not Recommended,292730,26423744,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,IBELIEVE,game says 91 frames per second but in reality its like 10 frames per second.....................please fix yo♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052595802,Not Recommended,292730,30091357,Posted: 21 February,all,BenDover,"I would think hard before I drop any more money on the COD franchise for PC. Here are my reasons why you should save your money. The game is broken:  the matchmaking service is faulty ie you wait forever for a lop-sided match, the game will kick you for no reason either while waiting to play or while engaged in a match, lag is real and evident in matches you will play, and no dedicated servers. No evidence of any VAC or game bans on players that cheat and because of this fact you will see the same players week after week doing the same sketchy nonsense. Check the link below if you think hacks for this game dont exist.https://www.google.ca/#safe=off&q=cod+infinite+warfare+system+hacks.The game has the potential for greatness but its lost on the flaws. Buyer beware."
76561198124320317,Not Recommended,292730,26413700,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sid,Cod is dead.....
76561198033325328,Not Recommended,292730,26414469,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Osama BinLaden,"♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE, I NEVER REFUND GAMES AND THIS IS THE FIRST"
,Not Recommended,292730,30167422,Posted: 25 February,all,$ u n d e f e a t e d,"Don't think that you will get money from me, Infinite Warfare is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥game, who doesn't even worth his 50 GB.+ 99€ to get Modern Warfare Remastered, no thanks."
,Not Recommended,292730,30360362,Posted: 6 March,all,cel,I thought that Call of Duty could not get any trashier. I was wrong.
,Not Recommended,292730,26483407,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Apocalypse,"I wanted to give out a mixed review but Steam does not allow me to do so.For Infinite Warfare Campaign:The gameplay feels pretty awesome as long as you have an open mind towards the franchise.Graphics are pretty good, and optimization in SP is nice.There are a lot of meaningless walking between the missions, and some people may find it annoying.Story is a bit weak andthere are a lot of unnecessary stupid cliche plot-needed weird death.What were those writers thinking when writing?The story at the end was overwhelmingly stupid,it is more like ""he dies because the writer wants him to die, and the writer spent too little effort to create an at least a little bit reasonable death cause.""and this is why I want to give it a negative review as I cannot give a mixed one.Ethan is pretty cool thoFor Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign:This is how you remaster a game.A masterpiece. Everything besides the story has been improved.Better graphics, new animations, enriched details, change of sounds, etc.Optimization is awesome, constant 60fps @1080p on ultra with 200% render.i5-6600k, 16gb ram, GTX 1070, SSD, and the fps counter on the top left corner in-game shows around 180 - 220fps, FYI. No stutter nor drop. Perfectly smooth.The only downside is the absence of FOV slider in SP. There is FOV slider in the MP for sure, but it is beyond me why dev did not include it in SP. Is it that hard to do so? Now the default FOV is so small that it makes me feel sick. I had to try 10 times to get past 15.1s on Cargoship solo CQB test because I just bumped into the last door frame over and over thanks to the fov.I play neither multiplayer nor zombie mode so I cannot provide any information on those."
76561198109839815,Not Recommended,292730,26464510,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,munirkhoury_98,"If you are a call of duty fanboy enjoy your game.PROS: Modern warfareCONS: Infinuty warfareThe multiplayer is BAD, Zombies does not feel like a Call of duty zombies game.DONT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,292730,26496333,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Desfro,"Completely awful port, no effort put into the multiplayer whatsoever it simply stutters and lags constantly, the campaign is okay but again the lack luster attempt at a port shows just how little they care. And the cod4 remaster is just not good, if you enjoy cod4 just keep playing the original."
,Not Recommended,292730,30188132,Posted: 25 February,all,RedRaven,"100% chance on crashing when attempting to join a game. Sometimes, it's that simple..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30153125,Posted: 24 February,all,🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 Arterius,"1 hour to download and 10 minutes to play game - ""Unable to establish secure connection to host.""Good music in Multiplayer menu though.PS: Modern Warfare Remastered SEPARATELY, pls"
76561198144402986,Not Recommended,292730,26429069,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jeffreyirene,"I buy this game at Aug 4th,but game was release at Nov 4th, download it Nov 5th, and can not play,but try over and over for 0.9 hour,than try to refound  it, but steam say I bought it over two weeks, can not rebound.STEAM,PLEASE TELL ME HOW CAN I KOWN THIS GAME CAN NOT PLAY ON STEAM WHEN I BUY IT WITH PRE-ORDER?"
,Not Recommended,292730,30199717,Posted: 26 February,all,DominiK,Call Of Duty Dislike Warfare 2nd Disliked Youtube Video EditionThis game even not worthy to play even FOR FREE on Steam Free WeekendEven poor and those who can hardly buy expsive games even if some gif it too poor gamer for free even still not gonna play  Call Of Duty Bad Raputation WarfareEvrything Still The SAMEDeath Animations SAMERealoding Animations SAMEWeapons Sounds SAME (but litte bit chanced)Runining Mehanics With Gun With 3rd Preson SAMEGraphics Worster Then BO3Call Of Duty Dislike Warfare Main Menu Soundtrack Sounds Like Funeral MusicWARNING!!!!! Do Not Try Launch This Game With Speakers Loudly Because People Will Think Is The Funeral Ceremony And Maybe People Can Come Next To Your House With Candles And Wreaths PLEASE:Do Not Buy It Even For Free Do Not Take It And Try It I Will Hardly Do Not Recommend This Game
,Not Recommended,292730,26418056,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Stormy,"refunded the game about 10 hours after I bought it... the game has♥♥♥♥♥♥framerates for nearly everyone, game stutters to much and mwr online doesn't even load half the time. the game is dead both mwr and iw struggle to get full lobbies if you're gonna buy it get it on console"
,Not Recommended,292730,30161933,Posted: 25 February,all,D7MAS,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is♥♥♥♥♥♥:\
,Not Recommended,292730,26428047,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,EngleFerg,"Can we stop with the wank x-ray vision????? Its just a ♥♥♥♥ing wall hack for little kids who dont know what they are doing. And the story line is beyond awful. Its the most repetive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that we see over, and over again. And the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people. 1 edgy person 1 by the book person 1 who breaks the rules 1 one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bad guy, its just non stop. Every year we get the same game with the same type of story, and the same type of people. And dont get me started about the gameplay, the same copy and paste♥♥♥♥♥♥from black ops 3. Do not get this game, save your money and get titan fall or battlefield 1, not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
76561198001988948,Not Recommended,292730,26491488,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ATU N(+)S,"I just requested a refund for this game on Steam.Besides the constant game crashing, the game is laggy and has design issues, there is hackers in every game lobby, you get kicked off friends lobbies randomly, over all it's the worst game in this franchise and the fact that people are hacking this game just within 24 hrs of release is not my idea of a fun game anymore. COD is dead to me at this point.The only way I will ever return to this franchise is when and if they ever give us private dedicated servers.Look, starting with Activision, Infinity Ward, and even Steam, they are all so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, they can make so much money by renting out dedicated servers to legit game clans that will be willing to pay $15-20 monthly, and will in fact pay it, just to keep these punk hackers off their lobbies so they can enjoy their favorite game.This will never stop unless the true legit gamers do something about it, and stop buying these hack infected games."
76561198164018459,Not Recommended,292730,26468324,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[HFA]ayylmao,super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. even before you know it youre dead. its not becuase im a noob but its hit markers are so messed up that you dont stand a chance. it also takes a lot of fricking time to adjust to the game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30133093,Posted: 23 February,all,LokiTheChef,"I installed this game on a free weekend, so no campaign or zombies.My deathmatch experience:1) Joined queue2) Waited 5 minutes for matchmaking3) Matched with four others trying the free weekend against a team of level 30+4) Flailed around trying to figure out mechanics because there's no way to practice5) Slaughtered by enemy teamI switched to domination and changed to a shotgun.I matched immediately to a game in progress with better balanced teams, but all I had to do is click repeatedly in the general direction of the enemy team to kill them.The maps look good, but I can't recommend this game."
76561198101340150,Not Recommended,292730,29071957,Posted: 6 January,all,iGoku,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WISH TO PLAY SPLIT SCREEN activision decided PC gamers don't need to split screen. middle finger right back at you, activision and/or infinity ward. i'll be requesting a refund due to my impatience with activision/infinity ward ♥♥♥♥ing me without lube game after game. they just split up features so they can sell a game every christmas between two companies to parents who buy their spoiled kids the new cod every year. it's  a franchise that should've ended 3 games ago. boy, if only they had some sort of downloadable content to sell so i could just buy the new maps rather than another game that's essentially the same as the last just with most likely fewer features and more dlcs... if you had any respect for yourself as a gamer you'll scroll past this game. treyarch at least knows how to make a zombie mode..."
76561198084094341,Not Recommended,292730,26468845,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jos,"♥♥♥♥♥game, terribly optimized"
76561198073836276,Not Recommended,292730,26443945,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Window Maker,Call of Duty Refund Warfare.Two 980 TI's are not good enough to run this game well. The graphics must be so good they look bad. I recommend at least 4 titan xp's to run this well.
,Not Recommended,292730,27556194,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BOMB THE SYRIAN IMMIGRANTS,"Buys Legacy edition for Modern Warfare Remastered.Impatiently waits for the download to finish.Tries to join a Kill Confirmed match, waits for a good 10 minutes to join a lobby, but remembers people only play TDM.Tries to join TDM, placed in server with 2 matched players after minutes.Waits another good 5 minutes and joins a game.Gets spawn trapped on shipment, but accepts the loss.Everyone leaves as I am changing my settings, and another good 5 minutes pass before I notice that I'm clearly not going to get into a game soon.Joins a match, runs around for just a few seconds, and gets killed by an m16.Watches killcam, and instantly realizes the player traced me through the wall and had aimbot.Uninstalls the game, requests refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,30130515,Posted: 23 February,all,Fuck,Can you even consider this♥♥♥♥♥♥a game?
,Not Recommended,292730,26427429,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ello moite,pretty average fps
76561198008528794,Not Recommended,292730,27532883,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GT Ranma,"The game mechanics are ... ok. It is just CoD, with an emphasis on mico transactions.Some of the guns were 'fun' to try out, but the whole randomness of the weapon drops I did not like.But what made me give it a thumbs down is: The cheaters. Plain and simple, on day 1 you should NOT have someone cheating in 50% of the matches you were in. It was so blatent and disgusting I got a refund.I was not impressed."
76561198151690380,Not Recommended,292730,26451597,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Calcifer,"This is honestly ridiculous.  A good chunk of my time ""playing"" this game was downloading some shader and waiting in lobbies.  I barely touched this game and when i did i did not enjoy.  I thought i would sleep on it and wake up with a different mindset but no.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS GAME. I better get my refund because ive barely played this god awful game"
76561198009617897,Not Recommended,292730,26483710,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,FartWizard,"Infinite WarfareStory: 9/10Online: Fail/10Zombies: why does this exists? / 10Buy only for story mode.Call of Cuty Modern Warfare remasteredStory Clasic!/10Online the same s*it as todays CoD MP minus wall running, jetpacks and all of futuristic bull****/10Please god help us all..."
76561198054793721,Not Recommended,292730,30572878,Posted: 17 March,all,CyberneticDevil,"Probably not worth it, If you are as unlucky as I am, you'll spend $100 on the game, get VAC-Ban for no reason and then only be able to play campaign"
,Not Recommended,292730,26489791,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,NightWing,"I feel like it's a downgrade from black ops 3. I requested a refund first then cancelled to give it another try but I don't like this game. It's dark, and everthing feels so heavy.  Also, this game looks like the cheap version of, compared to, titanfall 2. I requested a refund. I rather keep plaing black ops 3 and use $59.99 for something else."
76561198054965835,Not Recommended,292730,30932694,Posted: 3 April,all,GawkyPorcupine,"Terrible game, long waits to even find a lobby big enough to even get into a match and once you do the cluster of grenades and melee and just straight up unavoidable deaths is ridiculous. Campaign is good though."
76561198222707912,Not Recommended,292730,26420716,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,just kill me,"One of the worst PC optimise game out there.I'm running this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on intel core i7-6700k, dual nvidia geforce gtx titan x with sli configuration enable at 4k settings but it will never give you the steady 60fps though the whole gameplay.♥♥♥♥♥♥can drop to as low as 42fps at certain action filled areas. I can overkill doom with crank up resolutions though nvidia dynamic super resolutions not a problem. And as for codiw?... haha no wonder they didn't want to release the beta version for the preorderSorry I'm not a muliplayer/zombie fan can't do reviews for them, but I'm sure there will be plenty of review out there.But let's not end this review with all the complains from me. So what one postive thing about infinite warfare? Modern Warfare Remastered. You know what? from now on I'm just gonna tell myself I spend $99.90 on Modern Warfare Remastered just so to make myself less sad :')"
76561198028421250,Not Recommended,292730,26415912,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bomb Soldier,I crash in game every five minutes.  My network connection is fine.  Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050614493,Not Recommended,292730,26448824,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JD,Game Starts but freezes any time I try to do anything other than navitage the menues.  I didn't have high hopes for this CoD but this is rediculous.  I paid $100 so I could get the remastered CoD 4 and at least that runs but this was not worth the money.
76561198070801885,Not Recommended,292730,26462105,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mrfrog2000,"The IW campaign is fine , but the mp ....Activision decides to split pc players who bought game from steam and windows 10 store in multiplayer.Couldn't even find players for modes other than tdm and domination.The mw remaster, I don't know is it just me or wht, the optimization is horrible, bugs everywhere(in mp).My gtx970 cant run the recommend graphic setting smoothly.Bf 1 is way better(the multiplayer)."
,Not Recommended,292730,26471985,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Young Stoneyyy,"Black ops 3 with new maps and weapons. Time to kill reduced so every kid can feel like a pro, bad optimazation.I bought it for cod 4 but cod 4 runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥so im refunding it2/10 RIPCya next year"
,Not Recommended,292730,26414828,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Captain_Clop,"Ugh I pade the mistak of automatically launching while I was asleep. I have 7 hours playtime when I only played it for 1. If I can get my moneyback good. The multiplayer sucks the shots arent 100% accurate, as in shots will go through enemys no damage. The frame rate is TERIBLE on 720P using a GTX 1060 and we should all know the 1060 is capable of handling 720 perfectly."
,Not Recommended,292730,26412417,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr. Snowday,"Guns are horrible, no balancing, spawns are messed up.  The game has almost no colors in it, only black, gray and white.  Ugly as ♥♥♥♥.  Needs to be a lot more vibrant."
76561198236645752,Not Recommended,292730,30146411,Posted: 24 February,all,Ohadraz,"this game is trash , get BO3 or titenfall 2 they are much better i wont even touch this if it went F2P like Evolvepros:Error no match foundcons:the gameplay is crapgraphics look worst then BO3and MP is so dumb and boring"
76561198135986893,Not Recommended,292730,26483927,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,HotFuzz,"Can't even join a game of zombies, freezes constantly when i change settings, can't even get into a multiplayer lobby. 10/10 would not reccomend"
,Not Recommended,292730,26484191,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,123,Alot of lobby crashes... Aiming down the sites destorys frame rate to the point your playing on a delay... just too much of a pain to play this
,Not Recommended,292730,26429084,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jayy,"My last review was positive but now my opinion has changed, dont buy this at its current state, the games pretty good, and im a casual fps guy so i have all the new fps shooters. ive been getting kicked out of these game servers way too much with all the NAT errors, titanfall 2 and bf1 have no issues so idk whats up with infinity wards servers.  I really tried to get into this game but its just not worth the $60 i put into it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26476124,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ripley231,"I guess it's not entirely fair for me to give it a thumbs down as I didn't finish the game. I never even booted the muliplayer because I have a strict campaign first rule for all my shooters. That being said I was refunded for the game this morning, I caught serious buyers remorse after springing for the Deluxe edition and losing interest only a couple hours into the campaign. It just felt like Advanced Warfare was prettied up a little bit and then resold to me."
76561198117815275,Not Recommended,292730,26471946,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Unjustified Toast,absolutely terrible
,Not Recommended,292730,30156920,Posted: 24 February,all,Matysiak,"10/10 - IGN Thanks Activision for letting me play this amazing masterpiece. By making this game for free you have proven yourself that I should never get my hands on any of your products marked with the magical signature, Activision."
76561198006622089,Not Recommended,292730,30179783,Posted: 25 February,all,jaybo_walker,WHEN i PLAY A FREE GAME DEMO AND I STILL FEEL LIKE I JUST GOT RIPPED OFF..TIME FOR A NEW GAME SELECTION!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30131035,Posted: 23 February,all,My Leg,"Save your weekend, just dont download it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30179083,Posted: 25 February,all,Uncastellum,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░ THIS GAME  ▐▄▄▄▀░░░
,Not Recommended,292730,30158895,Posted: 24 February,all,Coverop,"This is a Call Of Duty.You shouldn't expect much from It.This game series has barely improved over past few years.This game quality went down so bad  that you can compare it to the ""Free-To-Play"" shooters.Note: I got this product on Free Weekend... which means I had access to MP only."
,Not Recommended,292730,26422613,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,✅PreX' Stylez IHAV mononucleosis,lmao @ activision you call this a game? GGWP
76561198049899437,Not Recommended,292730,30175546,Posted: 25 February,all,1776,Rather finger your dad than play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26429748,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PizzaTime6,Love modern warefares multiplayer and campaign. The infinate warfare game is pretty meh. If it wasnt for my friends who play the remaster I wouldnt have bought this game as the new multiplayer seems sub par compared to the old.
76561197982307829,Not Recommended,292730,26480568,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Warriorprince [HeroicGuy],"I like COD games and really wanted to like IW. I pre ordered and hoped for the best.Sadly horrific ""Mouse Acceleration"" made both IW and MW unplayable. My mouse slips all over the place making online play impossible.IW has ""terrible time to kill"". Gun fights are over in a split second. Most players simply hip-fire to avoid being killed and the game lacks any tactics because of this.The community for COD on PC is small due to these deliberate bugs within the game.5/10...I wanted to like it, but the deliberate Mouse bug has ruined the whole game for me and many many others."
,Not Recommended,292730,26435305,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PolitikZ,"Great if you want to look at a loading screen, but if you want to play it then tough luck..."
76561198153422772,Not Recommended,292730,26466429,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,KITTY KIT KAT,The one reason why i hate the game is because of this one glitch that happense when u end a match instead of giving u 4 keys it gives me 0 so theres no goal in the game and it pointless to try to make it work
,Not Recommended,292730,26430231,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Wargod,"DON'T BUY THIS!I'm a CoD-Fanboy since CoD1, but this is the first game I'm getting a refund on.I played the IW: Multiplayer for about half an hour. I didn't expect much and was disappointed anyway. The graphics are dull and uninspired and the controlls are horrible. The whole game feels clunky.Beside that there are alot of technical difficulties. Framelags, stutters, etc.I got a good rig, can play BO3 and BF1 on Ultra, but IW seems like a bad port.But the worst part is, the SAME goes for the CoD4-Remake!Spend your money on Titanfall 2 or Battlefield 1, but please skip this one."
,Not Recommended,292730,26462997,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hawthorne,Worst excuse for a call of duty game I've ever seen.CoD 4 Remastered is 10/10 though. Only plus side.
,Not Recommended,292730,27591902,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheCyberWarrior,The whole weapon ranking system is total BS because its pay to win its a total long grind to get it ligit but i saw people going around on DAY FREAKING ONE with purple weapons unless your willing to spend tons of money go with BF1 Or TF2
,Not Recommended,292730,27646959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dr.Prinny,"Was buying this for MW,wasn't hoping much,but its gameplay is actually fun (single player)But well, get stuck in a infinite loop of black screen after one side mission,Can't even go backGGGuess I think I'm an idiot..."
,Not Recommended,292730,26436057,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,drummag,"There are too many frustrating problems in this game. If those problems weren't solved in the future, this game would soon die. Please let us adjust the resolution in windows mode. Please change the host system back to the previous one. Please fix the bug that stop me from completing Burn Water in Campaign mode. Please fix everything so that I can play this game.Now the game is better, but I think it is still dying. I hope IW could add Squad mode into the game so that I can rank up by playing with bots. If there is a Squad mode, I feel like this is a great game.I think this game can be called a good COD in August 2017. However, it has already been 10 months since this game released. If all the good features like the quartermaster hack system and zombie bounty system could be added even at the release of the dlc 1, there must be a lot more player playing this game.So maybe I should add something about what I am still discontent about this game. The most frustrating thing is that there is no traditional DMR like the Mk14 in MW series. DMRs used to have their own class back in Ghosts. IF there is ANY new weapon in the future, PLEASE be a DMR."
76561198024739532,Not Recommended,292730,26539584,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BoostedMedic,"Great campaign, even though it starts slow. Just wish there was more! Multiplayer on the other hand is a complete mess. Its just another twitch fest. Whoever farts on their trigger at the right moment wins. No skill really involved, just get shot in the back A LOT.MW4 remaster is so broken its almost unplayable online. Don't bother"
76561198059342904,Not Recommended,292730,26425331,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,kingweezel,"IW sucks super low pop, MWR is amazing but low pop. Cod is dying and they decide to divide it up more, what a great idea. Do not buy if you want to play $80 for MWR."
,Not Recommended,292730,26449481,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,McHatin,split screen is not supported on pc :(
76561198165353011,Not Recommended,292730,30207542,Posted: 26 February,all,KingFuzz,game blows.
,Not Recommended,292730,30182736,Posted: 25 February,all,MaleSensitivity,"This is one of the most poorly designed games I have ever played.  If you buy this, you deserve every last drop of disappointement and frustration you receive."
,Not Recommended,292730,26485006,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Saturite,"Aka Cliché/Cheesy NPC death simulator.Seriously, this story has a lot of potential but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the deaths and pacing throughout a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. So many of the notable NPC deaths are so hilariously forced on you. They range from the classic/predictable sacrificing myself when I could easily accomplish the objective and survive to “move sir enemy ship, let me push you out of the way while I continue to stand in the open for no reason just so I can die for the sake of the story”. This♥♥♥♥♥♥was laughable throughout. How am I supposed to care for these characters whatsoever when my interaction with them is limited as is, then they die in almost no time at all it feels and then finally their death is predictable as hell and sometimes just absolutely ridiculous. It feels so forced. The pointless side missions are also a pretty big letdown. They offer very little to the story and in the end effect nothing. Waste of time IMO.I bought this game to play the campaign as I heard it was quite good. However, it was tainted with the nonsense I stated earlier that just gives it an empty feeling at the end. The multiplayer is whatever but honestly don’t even bother with it. It would do better as a movie with some significant character changes."
76561198062423379,Not Recommended,292730,26412392,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A Hornie Eskimo,"I bought this for Modern Warfare Remastered but it was completely unplayable due to constant frame drops. I would start with 60+ FPS then drop below 20 when I started moving. I'm not holding my breath for them to fix it so I'm hoping for a refund.Specs:i5-3570KGTX 1060 - Nvidia driver 375.7016GB Ram24"" 1080p monitorWindows 10 64bit"
,Not Recommended,292730,26416656,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,3esa1 (king of dota),i cant kill any one all fly
76561198040835835,Not Recommended,292730,26458619,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,zTHeCATinTHeHATz,If you are buying for Remastered DONT you may get to play 1 game every 30min do to Server Connections and Fails AND! for me atleast if only lets me play like 3maps I dont get to enjoy all of them like Crash!
,Not Recommended,292730,26466595,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rainy Season,"Reasons I bought this:COD 4Martian ManhunterJon SnowI wanted cancer, this provided."
,Not Recommended,292730,26474004,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NikUyax,i cant even load the game wtf....
76561198195392905,Not Recommended,292730,26468232,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MOSFET,CODIW is partly a dissappointment.Though Story Mode starts off really good. But the game crashes frequently.Frame rate is very good. This game is only good for its campaign mode.Not recommend now until the crash issues are patched and until a sale.
,Not Recommended,292730,30207495,Posted: 26 February,all,=| InitioGaming |= Spooky,What a waste
,Not Recommended,292730,30199590,Posted: 26 February,all,Mporei,-98% discount and maybe we will have a deal..
,Not Recommended,292730,30163284,Posted: 25 February,all,H-weapons guy,Boring and reminds HALO..
,Not Recommended,292730,30198855,Posted: 26 February,all,» BL1NK «,this game is trash they need to stop this series!
76561198133346850,Not Recommended,292730,26418303,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kifa,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just couldnt get over how bad the game Feels.When the beta came out for BO3 I knew I was going to buy it even though it wasn't ""boots on the ground"" it felt like COD, it felt smooth and fun, I have about 400 hours on BO3I was one of the guys trying to make people see reason, that maybe a cod in space won't be as shty as people made it sound, calling it a Halo clone or something. Well I liked Halo, so what could go wrong. And that leads me to my point:If you can get past all the negative stuff people say about this game, then try it out. Game looks really great and I kind of wanted to play more than 2 hours (before possible refund) Game looked cool, but the feel of it was All wrong. It was clunky and everyone seemed so confused. Everyone's and I mean everyone's reaction time seemed very slow with some small exceptions. And it didnt feel like the players, everyone I talked to said it felt weird, and that stuff didn't respond like it should.Just so you know I was serious about wanting to like this game I got the Digital Deluxe version. But now I must request my refund. Game simply Isn't for me.Graphics:7.5/10Sound:8/10Weapons:8.5/10Gameplay:2/10Overall:4/10Verdict-You're better off getting TitanFall 2"
76561198205911767,Not Recommended,292730,26422080,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Teat Suckler,Save yourself the money and dont buy this garbage game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26752598,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Chungus,"Garbage.Not only is multiplayer the only REALLY bad thing about this game, but the textures look like its a downgrade from next gen to WII-U. I am playing this game at the highest settings possible, and the textures look muddy and pixelated. Never buying another Call-Of-Duty on release date again. Screw this game, and the bugs that came with it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26414300,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Liquid Mantis,"As fun as it is in places, for people who don't spend as much as i do on video games. It's just not worth it.Wait for the inevitable activision week discount.This'll be a zombies focused section of the review for those who like me ( yes, i know. We exist.) who buy call of duty exclusively for the Zombies gamemode. I've sank nearly 36 Hours into the current map, Zombies in Spaceland. Digging right into it with tibia and teeth and while i've nearly done all that it has to offer aside from the soul and career challenges.First, Zombies in Infinite Warfare is a more bulletspongy affair from their Black Ops bretheren and let's be honest here, there are alot of carry overs from the Zombies series in Black Ops. Perk Drinks are replaced with Candies, you buy barriers with points, you buy guns from walls, you use barriers as a cheap way of making a couple of extra points. It's essentially the same thing, and while alot of people are going to decry that as a bad thing, it stops ZIS from becoming Extinction, the gamemode from Call of Duty Ghosts. The formula works, but there are defintely a couple of new twists that from first glance seem to make the game easier but make it ALOT harder.Speaking of Perks, there are bunch of new additions and old friends that make a comeback through different faces. I won't list all of them here for fear of spoiling it for you but they offer interesting strategies,although some (*cough* blue bolts *cough*) need a serious buff or quirk for me to consider using them for high round.Instead of bleeding out and dying, having to wait until next round you can get back into the round by playing small minigames in an arcade. At first glance this might seem to make the game easier but this taxes you even more than the original way of doing things and it's all because of lost and found. While the option to buy back your weapons is great, what isn't so great is that you essentially fall back into the map naked. Without your perks, your weapons or anything actually. Your first instinct is obviously to grab your weapons but on a high round this is nearly suicidal unless your at a skill level where you can abuse the hell out of sliding. If you die during that time, you lose your weapons and they can be progressed pretty high and considering Arcane Cores, which can upgrade your guns and you have to jump through hoops to get and upgrade can lost with them, it means you could potentially be jumping through many many many hoops in order to get the gear you previously had.This difficulty is bolstered by the fact that in comparison to black ops 3, the weapons scale off alot more harshly as the rounds go on, even with upgraded weapons you'll start to find them getting weaker and weaker towards round 20 and then becoming peashooters even with the additional core at 30 essentially meaning that Wallbuys (guns you buy on the wall) are the kings of running high round in zombies. You don't even need to upgrade them AT ALL, and there are so many great places to run zombies around in circles that you'll always be making points back while gradually killing the hordes. It takes FOREVER to progress through the rounds but i ended up with upwards of 100k in points through the 20s alone for you to recover from potential losses of perks and weapons.What is probably the worst part of this iteration of zombies is that so much of the weapon progression ingame is locked behind the Easter Egg and the boss is no joke, arguably the hardest in zombies history. I spent 3 runs, about total of about 6-8 hours setting up only to fail each time because he hits so hard,is very very VERY bulletspongy and can regenerate a whole phase of damage which is unacceptable when max ammo hardly drops.Hell, i got Gorod Krovi on my first go but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't no cakewalk!Without the Easter Egg being completed in that very game, you are locked out of a second upgrade for your weapon and the final upgrade for Arcane Core, which i couldn't get. These upgrade unlocks don't persist, you need to do the easter egg everytime you want to get those upgrades, which if your aiming for high round can compromise the above strategy i mentioned. You'll have more powerful weaponry, absolutely but all of that weaponry eventually will scale down in damage until your essentially firing a glorified peashooter and making less points for it. Avoid the Dischord, get pretty much every other buildable weapon.A final note, I literally wrung every little bit of content i could out of ZIS and unless you are absolutely nuts and plan on grinding all 400 Levels in Zombies on the first map, i really really wouldn't recommend it at full price point just for zombies. Just wait and get Black Ops 3 packed with the DLC on a key site if you don't have that already, you'll have mods and all DLC content to enjoy while Zombies in IW atm is absolutely bulimic, and only worth enjoying after all 4 dlc packs come out with the game on discount with it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26421463,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bonalds Grump,ez refund LUL
,Not Recommended,292730,28215377,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mangl3r,"In all fairness, I am only writing about the Multiplayer experience. Worst game in the series since Ghost! In fact, this is Ghost. Just with new camos. They seem to spend so much time on gun variations and cool new textures to put on old guns, but they can't seem to figure out the simple things like matchmaking... improved hit detection... getting rid of cheaters... allowing friends to actually party up and find a match... In their last patch they said that they had remedied over 1000 bugs... that tells me 2 things. 1) That they released an incredibly buggy game (we all knew this already). and 2) since they didn't fix any of the aforementioned ""real"" problems with this game they just probably just further spent their time finding ways to reach into the consumer's pocket selling 'impossible to get' rare items. This maps on the multiplayer are mediocre at best. There are no classics here. If you are looking for the next best COD... skip this one. I spent $100 on this thing and I totally regret it. The ""remastered"" COD 4 isn't quite as ""remastered"" as they want you to believe. It's all hype. Save your money."
76561197993273895,Not Recommended,292730,26480104,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chieftain,"I bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Legacy Edition. $79.99Thinking about playing online... What a huge mistake I made.. There is ""NOBODY"" playing other categories ""ONLINE"".Only ""Team Deathmatch"" Completely contaminated like a virus with ""HACKERS"".I really like cod.. But ""I had enough"" This was the last straw! Customer service? Doesn't exist, treats you like garbage.I don't mean to be rude, with any COD fan base.COD IF+WM In reality it isn't worth it the price asked.  My honest opinion! ""WAIT untill the WINTER SALE"" 66% OFF.SO you can enjoy the single player campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,26495444,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AHAAA,just dont buy.. waste of money.. mwr no server browser. stick with original
,Not Recommended,292730,26480131,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jack,"Hm. So I only played around 5 hours. Multiplayer was aids. Single player was okay, but i didn't play alot of it. Zombies was fun. But $60 for a game I already own and a single player thats 6 hours long? No thanks. Refunded x)"
,Not Recommended,292730,26480153,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Los Paranoias,"This port is a mess, here some of the issues with the port:1. 90fps frame rate cap. I have a 144hz monitor. Not that I could hit 144fps in this game, it's an unoptimized pile of garbage anyway.2. Mandatory mouse acceleration. I assume this is an accident, as there's an option to disable it, but disabling it does nothing. In other shooters, I'm typically a 1.5-2 K/D kind of person. In this game, my K/D is about 0.5 because of this.3. The game is unoptimized. So much random stuttering and frame drops. The first 30 seconds or so of every game is unplayable because the game stutters so much.4. No dedicated servers. In Infinite Warfare, I don't mind it that much. However, the original Cod 4 had dedicated servers, why would this feature be removed? Now we have to play on IW's awful servers, which leads me to...5. Lag compensation. Remember that thing that made playing hitboxes broken because of internet connection? It's back and here to stay, because instead of taking the original game and enhancing it, they'd rather take a giant leap back and cash in on that sweet nostalgia money.I can't recommend this game to anyone. Infinite Warfare seems like a promising game and I did (kind of) enjoy the little bit that I played, but I can't help but feel like I've been left with a bad taste in my mouth from Modern Warfare Remastered's awfulness. Don't waste $80 on this pile of trash, spend it on a good game with developers that actually care about their customer base, like Civ VI."
76561198018660933,Not Recommended,292730,26483152,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,caribbean,"Campaign mode  is a step backwards.   No strategy, just point and shoot.  And that's not even that fun.  The guns are a joke, they all pretty much feel the same.  Turn a corner, doh, there's an enemy that wasnt' there before to shoot you point blank.    Or, an enemy jumps behind a structure, you go round the structure to ambush him and, doh, he's disappeared.  Really, the mechanics are from 10 years ago.   Pathetic."
,Not Recommended,292730,26431242,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DvL Diddy,"Constant performance issues, HORRIBLY UNPLAYABLE MOUSE ACCELERATION, my god the mouse acceleration is so bad I turn into a ♥♥♥♥ing trickshotter when I try to turn around quickly or touch my mouse. OH and a ♥♥♥♥ing 90fPS ♥♥♥♥ING CAP. Invest in a high refresh rate monitor? WELL ♥♥♥♥ YOU! clearly the devs never listened to a single pc player and just ported this crap for the $$$. At least bo3 was well optimised and no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mouse accell what so ever and no ♥♥♥♥ING FPS CAP. Thats not even the worst part, MWR IS SO UNOPTIMISED even on lowest settings Im struggling to maintain a solid 90fps with 2 x 1070's. IW is at least slightly better optimised and I stress SLIGHTLY, I can maintain a solid frame rate despite the constant frame stuttering and occasional fps dip ON LOWEST SETTINGS.My only issues with this game is how horrible it plays and stutters and accelerates and is totally among the worlds worst port ever.  IF they get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix this ♥♥♥♥ing bs I might actually enjoy it, but I can't honestly play this for longer thjan 30 minutes at a time without getting a ♥♥♥♥ing headache over the horrible performance. Honestly after BO3 I thought they would have finally stopped this♥♥♥♥♥♥on pc.A GIANT ♥♥♥♥ YOU TO ALL PC PLAYERS DO NOT BUY even for MWR, MWR is wayyy worse."
,Not Recommended,292730,26484310,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,x64,"Honestly, not worth it. Save your money and stay on Black Ops 3."
,Not Recommended,292730,30164042,Posted: 25 February,all,✠ SpYRoXx ♥,TRASHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GAME
,Not Recommended,292730,26415358,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zesty,"Cod 4 Remasterd, AmzingInfinate Warfare, Absolutely terrible"
,Not Recommended,292730,30171335,Posted: 25 February,all,↴OfficialSharE↴,Worst garbage ever!
,Recommended,292730,33946076,Posted: 1 August,all,Cupcake,"Not a huge fan of the COD series mp, I think the run and gun in a shoebox concept is absolute garbage and it's a shame so many mp games have moved in that direction, but I have taken the time to beat the sp capaigns of each series entry as sales pop up on steam. And while I don't think any of the recent entries have been particularly noteworthy; this game included, I am inclinded to leave a favorable review in light of the excessively negative press. And for the most part, the game is actually decently done. Still a dated engine, but the level design isn't bad. There is definitely a sense of scale. Dialogue is well written for the most part. And the conversation flows and doesn't seem forced. Besides one awkward moment where people were laughing at one of Ethan's joke that wasn't particularly funny. Would I go out of my way to recommend Infinite Warfare to my friends? No, absolutely not. In some sense, the outrage is justified. The franchise is done to death. It needs fresh life. This game is certainly not worth full price. I can appreciate the scale of new games and the manpower required, but games are absolutely not worth $80. I still believe profit margins should be reduced. And it's absolutely outrageous that Activision thinks they can charge $50 for COD4 remastered and force you to buy Infinite Warfare to purchase it. Thankfully that was later rectified. But I hear they're charging more for DLC that was included free in the original title. Hopefully that was also addressed. I don't care if it's a remaster, you can't charge full price for a decade old game. Halo gave you 4 games for the price of 1 COD game. The remaster is worth $30 at most and I'm leaning more towards $20.My review will be mainly focused on the single player campaign of Infinite Warfare. As a fan of Ace Combat and HAWX, the arcade style space combat was a welcome addition. It certainly filled the void where Starwars Battlefront failed *cough* And with the exception of a few scripted events and level sequences, it was not a rail shooter. It was definitely satisfying to see the transition from ground to orbit to docking or forced entry on hostile ships, followed by descending into the bay and moving about the ship. Definitely gave a sense of scale. Especially with the ftl/slipspace travel. Watching the jump from the bridge. The hanger did seem a bit bare though. Given the amount of armor you later see. And knowing there's more than 2 gunships. But all the detail, did add to the immursion. Story delivery-wise, the campaign seemed to jump around too much, with the side missions giving too much freedom to play them in any order. One second you get this sense or urgency of an impending invasion, the next you can choose to protect a salvage run rather than defend your home planet.... That feels unnatural and runs the immersion. On earth, I defintiely got a 2142 vibe every time I saw a Titan.. err Destoryer in low orbit. Gameplay mechanics like avoiding the burning sun, or popping a door slowly or kicking it in were thoughtful. Turning robots on humans seems a bit repetitive. New material please. The boosters..... those need to go. I still keep my boots firmly planted on the ground despite the boosters. It will always feel forced and ridiculous performing wall runs. And boosts should be saved solely for landing high jumps with minimal impact. That's minor, and I can appreciate the vaulting system in place.On the other hand, some things did seriously irritate me... the entire concept of the SDF hating freedom and hating the people of earth seems a bit ridiculous. The quotes when you die especially.. It's not believeable. Most wars, however ridiculous, e.g. religion, are fought by people who fight and believe in something... people tend to be rational, even if misguided. The idea that a group would hate freedom is implausible.. The SDF are fighting for independence, they want FREEDOM. Quotes saying they hate freedom are a bit ridiculous. The delivery was off. And I really don't see someone so young being an admiral and leading such a large movement. Especially someone with such lack of emotional discipline. And on that subject, WHY THE F*** IS A LIEUTENANT NOW A COMMANDER. I understand 95% of the fleet was wiped out, but before then the lieutenant and admiral were in contact. An admitral wouldn't even acknowldege a lieutenant in the military. A kid straight out of academy or university would be granted the rank of lieutenant.. And why was a private first class leading the marines after the Sgt. died?! Am I missing something.. a PFC is the lowest rank of all. Anyone flying in the airforce/navy would likely be a major or a colonel. The choice of navy did seem more fitting than air force, given the concept of battleships. Back to the enemy forces, the entire SDF seemed void of personality. And there was a total lack of effort on the voice department. Unless I'm fighting the 501st again. The same voice over and over.. really destracted from the experience. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHAT THE F*** IS WRONG WITH THE CUTSCENES. Cutscenes were horrifically laggy... I have a 1080ti, 6700k, 16GB DDR4, 1TB SSD, etc. THis should not be happening in a released product, nevermind one that's been out on the market for over a year. You can't expect me to turn down cache or shadows with $6000 of the best hardware on the market. Back to characters, The UNSA characters are more memorable than the SDF, but I'll still forget them, just not Ethan <3 and as usual everyone dies and you feel horrible at the end. gg COD. At least the developers suceeded at delivering a powerful ending. It's an interesting story, but at this point I feel the entire franchise is stale, living off of bad multi-player. The campaigns are far too short. There isn't enough content for the price being asked. Don't buy this game unless you want a quick thrill and have cash to burn. Otherwise, go buy playerunknown's battleground, killing floor 2, payday 2. There's plenty of other franchies with more to offer. This is not a game where you're going to get $1/hr out of. More like $10/hr."
,Not Recommended,292730,26450826,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tazzik // youtube.com/SeanTazzik,8/10 game with dogshit sliding and dogshit boosting and dogshit aids and ♥♥♥♥ this gamecod 4 remastered is greatbut ♥♥♥♥ the pc port tbhits better on console dont buybut its still good
,Recommended,292730,31827825,Posted: 18 May,all,bwahahahaha,"I play call of Duty games for their single-player, and Infinite Warfare's campaign is amazing. The best CoD campaign in years, in my opinion. We have a solid military science fiction story here. I actually came to care about its characters and setting (Nora Salter stands right beside Soap and Price as one of the most badass characters in the entire franchise), and the Retribution is an awesome ship. The mission on Titan is also one of the best the series has ever seen.GO RET !!!!! GO TIGRIS !!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,28010711,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JKVR6M69,This will likely be the last call of duty title I'll buy. Ridiculous. Even MW remastered runs worse now than it did back when it came out. Plagued with constant rubberbanding and lag (and I'm monitoring my connection... dedicated line just for gaming...) Spend your money on something else.  Other games you may actually be able to find a multiplayer game to load into no less. Not even a month in and it's almost impossible to find a match in even the popular game modes. For reference there are about 15 or so game modes you will NEVER find a match in.
,Recommended,292730,30012528,Posted: 18 February,all,Hannibal [On PS4 Pro 4 som time],"It is very strange, even for my self to admit, that I do enjoy this COD installment.I was not a fan of all latest installments and my big experience on this franchise ended with MW3 series. I did gave some shots on  futuristic CODs SP experiences prior to IW, but personally I do like this one the most. New outer space setting is really well made with good looking grafics and stable high fps! Reasonable story plot, zero-gravity and hazardous environments, robot hacking, open space with fancy grapling-hook, fighter dogfights, full Solar system theme and Kit ""Jon Snow"" Harington. Although it is not game changing or essential shooter, but definately well made one with really enjoyable campaign.I really do enjoy fast paced purified MP, which contains all previously gathered good experiences.Zombies co-op is addictive and fun as always! In my humble opinion best COD Zombies so far and I do like this funny retro horror movie theme! Well made big map (hope upcoming ones will be such as well) with so much easter eggs, z-traps and awesome mini carnival games. Just pack a punc and you are good to go for the highest scores!Also, Modern Warfare Remastered is a brilliant remake of the modern classics, which altered existing grounds and established new standards for whole FPS genre.Infinity Ward keep on doing great job!As for FPS I give 9/10, as for COD installment strong 8/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26412209,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Templar Knight,Only bought this for the Modern Warfare Remaster.
,Not Recommended,292730,30197906,Posted: 26 February,all,E$E PALO,JUEGO DE ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198017469293,Not Recommended,292730,30144134,Posted: 24 February,all,Trypl Ej,"Disgusting, anti-consumer product, designed to milk money."
76561198192010411,Not Recommended,292730,30197172,Posted: 26 February,all,Keladran,Don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30167807,Posted: 25 February,all,Elexyd | Gamdom.com,"If you want to play with people who only use shotgun, you can go play it. But if you have just some respect for your self don't buy this game, it's the worst game ever!!PS: It's not a joke, don't buy it!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30164975,Posted: 25 February,all,JohnY,"Had to wait 3 hours to download 50GB just to find out some 12 year old I never knew about ♥♥♥♥ed my mom.....Also, they lock up COD 4 behind this garbage and you can't even play it in the free weekend....Make COD 4 standalone, no one wants to buy your piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Activision...."
,Not Recommended,292730,30207583,Posted: 26 February,all,👻 hi im jacob 👻,"Normally a pretty big fan of cod... however, in this one, the gunfights feel awful. Multiple f2p games can give you a better overall experience. And why is a TON of the content locked on free weekend? Is this the best it has to offer?"
,Not Recommended,292730,30162784,Posted: 25 February,all,Koolkidison 卡帕 |,Free weekend:1. Install2. Waiting for shaders3. Try to play some multiplayer4. You don't own this game5. Uninstall6. Have a good day!
76561198067053383,Not Recommended,292730,30205955,Posted: 26 February,all,Duck  CSOFFER.ME,"1:Game not responding2:Cant even play one match cause it stuck on match started,loading 1.3:When try to change resolution or texture after you change something starts not working,, and need to reopen again the game so the setting to be apply4:Activision not hearing what community says and do there own bull*****!!!5:I totally not recommend this game,dont buy it.6:Dead community for this game7:the game its not ready yet fixed.8:game totally broke9:worst game ever came out,,everything broke10:Only unistall buttom works :)GGabsolutely crap!!!!"
76561198242197914,Not Recommended,292730,30158064,Posted: 24 February,all,Jack,This game is so awful just stay away it deserved all the hate that it got.
,Not Recommended,292730,30179476,Posted: 25 February,all,[TKE] TheMightySeth,"So after ive found out that this game was free to play on the weekend i decided to download it to try it out cause this is the only cod game ive never played yet. so when i was bout to try teamdeath match the game never load me into at least one game. Ive waited and waited for the match to start but the game repeately crash while it was loading the map. Most of my friends told me how bad the game is and that this game contains so much nugs and errors, im sorry to say this game is wait of your time.infinity wards plz leave the call of duty & zombies making to trayarch"
76561198153238633,Not Recommended,292730,30179034,Posted: 25 February,all,davidnewell77,says play for free just spent time downloading it than tried to play it and it says you are not the owner for this content
,Not Recommended,292730,30205343,Posted: 26 February,all,Zype Shifty,this game is the definition of garbage
76561197994257562,Recommended,292730,33941016,Posted: 31 July,all,Turbogod,its no modern warfare but good never the less
,Not Recommended,292730,26448809,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Activ,"Campaign 8/10Multiplayer 3/10Zombies NACampaign was great, back to COD roots (Played every COD but BO3). It was enjoyable and was very well so far (about 1 hour)Multiplayer was terrible, you shoot someone first but still die first. Some games you go 25-5 or 5-25. Very frustrating too. Don't recommend. (Only played for an hour so I could refund it)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30132656,Posted: 23 February,all,Smurphy,"So its 3 hours into the free weekend, I though this game was a 'bad' game on console (where I moslty play COD) but on PC? This is the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played and completly ruined Treyarch attempt at making PC cods good again (Black Ops 3)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30181829,Posted: 25 February,all,TiltSlamBam,"The free weekend has allowed me to jump back into Call of Duty for the first time in maany years. For the first little bit it was refreshingly well made and I was suprised.Then I remembered why Call of Duty is so bad.  Terrible spawning. Bad control of movement and gun (they seem to be designed with Dual Analog Aim Assist in mind). Annoying ""Unlock this gun and you generally win"" type balancing. Very few maps. And split second gameplay that leaves you generally up to luck even if you're fast enough. On top of Netcode that allows people to kill you with those last few rounds, despite having already turned the corner and ran another 10 feet. And the general issue of people actually being able to see you bbefore you see them in your game, because of how netcode works.Even worse, people seem to hate this game so certain modes are nearly impossible to get a lobby full in. I'm specifically thinking of Team Death Match, and  Free For All.Ultimately proving that this series is one of  poor design, atleast this time around.  I am certainly not playing any Call of Duty game again. I gave it a few years, and within an hour of trying it again I found the game to be disappointing."
,Recommended,292730,26539265,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Captain Price,"This game received a lot of hate the moment it was announced. Sadly a lot of it was cause people wanted to be apart of the club so jumped into the hate wagon. It is indeed funny seeing the same person say it's going to be garbage and then here come November 4th, they're playing...CampaignThe campaign was a very amazing and was the best I've played in a long time. It gives a future feel but it feels real...for example, if our would was in the future, this is would it would feel like. Where as in Black Ops 3, it was all future based but it felt un-real. The story behind it all was just put together very well. You can tell the Modern Warfare story writers were behind it, haven't seen a good story since MW3.GraphicsThe game also received a lot of hate due to it's graphics. Sure, they aren't as great as Battlefield but it is still very enjoyable. With the right tweaks, you can make it look beautiful.MultiplayerWhen I first played IW's Multiplayer, I honestly hated it. The whole time I was comparing it to Black Ops 3 but after I got this through my head, ""Infinite Warfare isn't meant to be Black Ops 3, if it was all CoDs would be even more of the same"". After that, I was like ""okay, fine I'll keep with it"". Sure enough, after a few hours of gameplay I am starting to enjoy it. It defiantly takes time to switch over, but once you do it is a lot of fun.Movement SystemIn my own opinion, the best way to describe it is a mix between Black Ops 3, Advanced Warfare and a touch of Modern Warfare 2. The sliding is pretty cool, jumping feels pretty light and diligent.ZombiesZombies is exactly how I predicted. Not as cool as Treyarch's zombies. Which I have to admit, TA has it mastered. But IW's zombies is still fun but it just feels kind of dumb. I was never expecting much of it to begin with, but my opinion could change with newer zombie maps to come.PerformanceI have had no issues what so ever. I'm running on a i7-6700K, MSI 1070, and 16GB RAM. Granted, those are wicked specs but I even tested on a Lenovo laptop with i7-4710HQ @ 2.5GHz / GTX 860M / 8GB RAM and it runs flawless on medium-high settings...50-60fps. So people who say it's optimized bad are most likely wrong and their issues have something to do with their computer. Now I am not saying it's all of their fault, cause there are some issues that Activision needs to fix such as some mouse lag, crashes, freezes, etc. But in my very own honest opinion...something on their computer is causing the issue.Modern Warfare RemasterTo sum it up it is exactly the same as CoD4 but with newer graphics. Still a great game to play the 100th time, so for sure grab it if you're going to purchase Infinite Warfare. So if you loved CoD4, you'll love this even more.With all of that said, the Infinite Warfare Campaign is incredible, Multiplayer is good but give it time to sink in, and zombies is fun but also lame. I still recommend it but keep in mind there are some issues that have to be fixed, if you're nervous perhaps wait to December for it to be patched up and working better for some people. Also don’t believe all of the reviews, most of them are based off of someone’s 30 minute gameplay."
,Not Recommended,292730,30156399,Posted: 24 February,all,Woody Bobo,Free MP reviewTrash. Some of the worst map designs Ive seen in a cod game. Another head scratcher is howTF does the gameplay get worst when your using the same s*** year after year? S*** feels like a god damn arcade game...
,Not Recommended,292730,30132528,Posted: 23 February,all,Winrar Dinrar,"Runs Good, not a great game, but fun for a bit.Update: Lag compensation is terrible!Update 2: ran into 2 aimbotters. GG"
76561198035578626,Not Recommended,292730,30222360,Posted: 27 February,all,Dat GORilla,"Infinity Ward has officially gone down the sh*tter ever since Advanced Warfare. Their new staff that joined recently after MW3 are most likely to blame for this, maybe if they didn't fire all of their good staff who believed in keeping things original, and not making a game that doesn't even feel like CoD anymore, it would have been better. Seriously, I just felt like I was playing a complete knockoff of Halo. I would ask for a refund for this game, but I can't because I bought the bonus version that has MW remastered, which is literally the only good content of the entire game, and thanks to IW's bullsh*t. I can't just buy that game serparately. I'm never buying another CoD in the future, unless it's a remastered version of MW2. Otherwise, Don't buy this game, it really is a waste"
01010101010101010,Not Recommended,292730,30160845,Posted: 25 February,all,^6Yeezus®™🖕,"Don't buy, save your money. Get BO3 instead"
,Not Recommended,292730,30171472,Posted: 25 February,all,Adamchrisp,"After a good 5 mins of Pre Rendering Shaders the game decided to restart, then before even getting into a game, throws up a disc read error and crash. Every time.It's a download.. I don't even have a disc drive... I don't even.. What?"
,Not Recommended,292730,26492790,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,致命的な,"I bought this for COD Modern Warfare Remastered. It's broken. Mouse sensitivty is managed like a controllers sensitivity. Guns are broken. Every gun in the game can compete with snipers at far distance... Over all just another broken pc port like always. Don't waste $80 on this for pc. If you really want to play and you have a ps4 or xbox one buy it for that...As a conclusion cod on pc♥♥♥♥♥♥as always... Connection, Weapon Damage, kill time, and basically everything is broken. Not to mention only like 6,000 people even bought it....."
76561198119725539,Not Recommended,292730,34364017,Posted: 19 August,all,"[6th,LA(A)] Pvt.SoccerMom","i really wanted to like this game. I enjoyed the single player. It wasn't the worst thing in the world but it's not anything to brag about. I tried to play multiplayer. over 10 hours of my game was on me trying to love it so dearly as i loved the Black Ops 3 multiplayer, but this multiplayer fails. Now going to Zombies. Before the game came out Zombies looked beautiful and it was on release of the game. The game was outstanding and a fun, relaxing experience. But afterwards, i feel like they just gave up on DLC. Rave in the Redwoods was nothing more than mediocre and it went down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ real fast.The idea of each map are good and outstanding but the output comes with glitchy and choppy gameplay. I have an Intel Core i7-6700K CPU, 16 GB of RAM, and a GTX 1080 and the zombies maps still give you INPUT LAG! IT IS INSANE! UNTIL THEY FIX THIS, PLAYERS WILL NOT PLAY THIS GAME. But it's not like Activision has given a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community to begin with. After Black Ops 2, they stopped worrying about content and focused only on the money."
76561198016810402,Not Recommended,292730,26447753,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,|KillerBee|*,all 3 modes of the game wont load so yea thats my review
76561198018684757,Not Recommended,292730,26740070,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ATU BO ®™,"For being a new game, it looks and feels very old.The lobby system sucks unless you wanna play ""call of lobby"". They have no anti cheat, which invites cheaters... they are in every lobby. So, if you are an honest player, this game is not for you.  You will not stand a snowballs chance in hell. The hackers will destroy your KDR and prolong your advancement in the games acheivments. I have played this since it came out and instead of having fun playing with my friends, we end up frustrated and upset from all the hacker bs. I rate this game a negative 10"
76561198047617765,Not Recommended,292730,26469699,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,"TLDR: Multiplayer is 5/10 frustratingThis is a review for the multiplayer. Being a long time fan of the series there have been good and bad games. Honestly treyarch wins the prize from me each time. Black Ops 3, despite the goofy outfits and dancing, is the best so far. Infinite Warfare is abysmal from the first match i played. Here's a list of all the things that got me so tilted that i had to write this review. Keep in mind i spend the majority of time in FFA.-The spawns... holy god, the spawn points are so bad. Easily predictable to the point of them being overly exploited. I'm finding that on smaller maps 80% of the spawns are in view of other players or very near. Sometimes i actually  spawned in front of enemy fire. And I found a spot where you can literally stand and aim at the spawn to farm kills.-The hit recognition is unbelievable at times. Especially the beginning of the map. The game starts and it isnt finished loading even on my SSD. So any players you see just drop the frames and your shots seem to always miss or you die immediately with no feedback from the game.-The movement. You have boosters and sliding like BO3 but you cant slide off of ledges which imo is a terrible flaw. Half the time i just crouch in the open and get mutilated anyway. The boost jump is useless bc many ledges you need a fi=ull charge to reach so you get stuck when trying to make fast plays. Lastly is the wallrunning... idk how many times i just fell because the game didnt stick me to a wall. The movementis not fluid at all. No smooth transitions from sliding etc. and it just feels clumsy. The gameplay relies heavily on harscoping corners and using faulty spawns to your advantage. Also it seems that controller users are at a huge disadvantage as well. The aiming seems so sloppy and the aim assist with controllers just pushes the sights away from targets at times.-The community is a barren wasteland. I heard there were 3k players on launch... And why no cross-platform? I can barely find a match in any game mode but TDM, FFA, and DOM. Another huge peeve of mine is why in the world there is no lobby chat?? Seriously. I cant understand it. Even in the COD4 remaster there isnt lobby chat. The menus are clumsy, and hard to look at. There are no leaderboards atm and personalization is so bad. There are so many little things that make navigating the menues so annoying. Its not pretty, it seems like the UI is 6 years old. I hate that the playable characters are all robots, they have absolutely no personality whatsoever. They arent fun at all.To wrap it up, its pay to win. I played a guy who had the quartermaster epic smg on day one and he was unstoppable. Not to mention there's no anticheat either so there were hackers already. The crates take like 4 hours to even get one. I hate activisions marketing strategy. They're the EA games of shooters and should be ashamed. I'm tired of that. So basically dont get this if you want to keep from having an aneurysm and smashing your controller bc you got spawn killed 13 times in a row. Just ...dont. UGH!!P.s. I have a 3.0 K/D in Black Ops 3 FFA so dont give me that BS about im a scrub. I'm just so disappointed in this one guys.. Its just so flawed.Oh the campaign.. yeah winter is coming. It's another hold your hand, bad characters, door to door boring AF story. Im sure theres a twist at the end and one of the people die but I'll never get that far."
76561198102054816,Not Recommended,292730,26469671,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Yoonicorn,"This game made me reflect on the decisions I make with my money. I asked myself, ""Is it worth $100?"" and ""will I enjoy $100 worth of gameplay?"". The answers to these questions were 'no'. Even after disabling all of the graphical features that make a game enjoyable, my computer is still running the game at about 25 fps. This is only when nothing is happening on screen. If there is so much as an in-game bug that flies across the screen, I will drop frames faster than my bank account once I purchased this $100 game. I really do hope that I get that refund."
76561197994674652,Not Recommended,292730,26470589,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rupert,Right now this game is essentially unplayable for me. I have this weird acceleration issue where my mouse is not 1 to 1 with the in game world and it makes everything a lot more sluggish and i am currently at the point in the single player where i can't progress because of this problem.about 90% of the time i try to join a multiplayer match i get booted right as the game is about to start. 5% of the time i get booted immediately and the reamining 5% is hell because of the lag issue.There is also pretty much nobody playing at the moment. So when i do get into lobbies it sometimes take 5 minutes to fill up. Nobody plays anything but TDM.Biggest waste of money.
76561198028519683,Not Recommended,292730,26446618,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,,"Sadly, giving this a negative review; and I had to get a refund.I really did try to like this game; I went in with a small sort of hype, after playing the beta on PS4; we were right, this really is a Console game now.The game is locked to 90FPS; that's fine and all, except on SLI980 with 16Gig's of DDR3 24000Hz Ram, I shouldn't then be dropping to a constant 20-50. Updating my drivers helped this, somewhat; I still get random gittering and small freezes in Multiplayer, but SP is fluid.Zombies is honestly the best part of this game; that's really well-done and thought out, and I honestly love it.Except, if I could get sound.For some reason they've gone and ballsed up the sound, so if you're playing on anything other than Stereo, then you're in bad luck; 5.1/7.1 play little to no sound, and if someone's talking to you, you wont get sound. That's because they put that sound in the back, and that gets muted. Yeah, great.Sadly, I have no stereo speakers (my headset is an Artemis G933 7.1 Wireless) and my two Logitec speakers are on the way out, so I was playing this for close to 8 hours before I got fed up looking for fixes and what not.I say 8 hours, but a solid 5 of that was looking for lobbies in MP/""looking for servers"". That problem comes up nearly every time I load up the game where it refuses to connect to any server; so you can't even play SP unless you're connected to the internet. Ain't that great?Multiplayer Gun's are also unballanced and feel clunky and strange; SMG's rein supreme here (My Assault Rifle, that has more damage, looses in a head-on gunfight. Lovely.) mostly because they all have extreme fire-rates and moderate to high damage. The only way I got kills with my AR was from behind or at a distance, which means I was sitting back a lot. Shotguns are also extremely powerful; the semi-automatic starting shotgun is a max of 2-hits to kill.The rigs sound like a cool idea, if they actually did anything; it's just the specialists from BO3. They don't change damage, health or speed (besides 1 ""perk"" from the Synaptic Rig). For instance:The Merc rig is designed to be for supressive fire and keeping enemies at bay, right? So you'd think it'd be more like a tank with more HP, but slower.Nope, same speed and HP as everyone else, just with a laser-beam cannon as it's ultimate. Pretty much a waste to change rigs, unless they've got a perk that you like (or for the mini-challenges that you're given before each game, which are a nice addition).And now, onto what should have been another awesome Remaster: Modern Warfare.Sadly, this game runs even worse (for me) than IW does.I'll struggle to hit 90FPS on max settings, and whenever something moderatly interesting happens (Someone shooting at someone else, mainly) my FPS will tank to around 10-30FPS for a solid minute before it goes back up to 60-90. If there's a scorestreak, then good-bye FPS; it'll stay at a constant 10-20FPS for the entire duration. And don't get me started on the gameplay ballance; AK's become a 1-2 hit kill when using Stopping Power. I forgot just how OP that perk was; I went 3-20 one round when I first started because I was getting sniped with an AK when I was level 1. Not the best introduction to the Remaster.I tried SP and couldn't even boot it up, It stayed at a black screen the entire time. Which is a shame, I love Gaz's voice actor.On the upside, this game doesn't suffer from the 5.1 Sound problems, so this game is fine to play in surround sound.TL;DR:Infinite Warfare:- 5.1/7.1 Sound issues.- Constant FPS stuttering/freezing.- Feels like a solid console port.- Most weapons are unballanced.- Zombies is amazing.Modern Warfare Remastered:- Tanking FPS (From 90 down to 10-30)- Black screen on Single Player- Unballanced as all hell.- Doesn't suffer from the same sound issues as IW."
,Not Recommended,292730,26763195,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YunG LizerD GoD,"Where do I even start with Infinite Disappointment. Terrible game, lame campaign. I played mw2 a few weeks ago and it felt like a better gaming experience than this. I mean, I could not bear the campaign. The true only reason I bought this was for modern warfare remastered, but lets be honest they kinda ♥♥♥♥ed that up too. One of my favorite parts of that game was being able to load into games, getting outside of the map and exploring, and having friends to play it with. All of my friends refused to buy this game, and I wish I didnt either. I would refund it, but because I give games more than 90 minutes of play time before I decide if it's good or not because you have to be actually decent and know the maps to play it properly, I cannot. Not only that but here come supply drops aswell. Someone give me back my 80$."
76561198217218491,Not Recommended,292730,33863494,Posted: 28 July,all,Filth' shmeesh,"All they do is update playlists and get new skins, what they should be doing is finding a patch that stops the game from crashing every 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes, i wouldn't recommend until they fix the game."
76561198013169188,Not Recommended,292730,26708208,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,miRage,Unable to invite or join friend's games.
76561198044941629,Not Recommended,292730,26475582,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,zTimski,"**CAMPAIGN SPOILERS**So I bought this package for 2 reasons  - mainly CoD4 remaster and the IW campaign. So I'll just be talking about the campaign here.It's laughable. I was genuinely laughing at most of it that they were trying to play straight faced.It's starts off with some potential, introducing Kit Harrington and Conor McGregor as (what seemed to be) the main villain and main henchman. The first guy you play as dies immediately (predictable) and then you get put as the generic white dude for the remainder of the game with surname Reyes and a sassy female sidekick to boot (because they have to pretend to care about equality)The rest of the game equates to a 'who can die the most heroically' competition which just had me chuckling the whole way. Every character assigned a name and designated personality will die in some way. or willingly sacrifice themselves by doing things like holding off enemies in lieu of certain death.There's a cutscene where the stories token black guy (and he's British as well so that's another tick on the spectrum of tolerance) has to sacrifice himself to save some bloke (yawn) and some other characters have a heated argument about it and then 2 seconds later just do a total 180 on their points and it may aswell have not happened. I laughed, again.Needless to say your character dies at the end in the most heroic way possible because reasons.Oh yeah and there were space dogfights. First one was kinda fun and unexpected. the rest were boring and repetitive. Not much to dwell on there.Wrapping up because this was meant to be short, Kit pulls a Vars from Farcry 3 and dies around half way through the game (extremely anticlimactically might I add) and Notorious Mac is just not in the game. Sadly, he was just a marketing tool (he doesn't even have any lines)The SDF were hilarious also. they were just the Empire from Star Wars but without any motivation other than trying to be the complete epitome of evil because then we are sure to not like them. At least Spacey back in CODAW was trying to get a point across.In conclusion this game tried to be Scream, but ended up being Scary Movie."
76561198017092991,Not Recommended,292730,26470162,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,b5001,the games ok but it feels like pay to win all the guns seem overpowerd but some are crap the shotgun seem under powered again and akimbo kind of sucks to i thought it would be better the jump seems like black ops i liked advanced jumping in was better in advance black ops 3 is way better i liked advanced wish it was like that miss my tiger blood
76561198082936644,Not Recommended,292730,26472490,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The 'Fe' Man™,Was high AF when I bought this. Now I have depression.
,Not Recommended,292730,26492287,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,아폴로 메인 |Anthony|,"This game is the second worst call of duty ever made. If you like Halo and Free to Play shooters this is the game for you. Its a bunch of 9 year olds rocket jumping around the map with lazer guns. The zombies is the only ok thing about this game. If you havent bought it yet dont, Spend the money on a hooker or something or go stick your♥♥♥♥♥♥in a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥becuase thats what this game is."
,Not Recommended,292730,26467042,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,L8NiteNoodles,"Why do I feel like COD always takes a step back as it progresses.I am not good and probably will never be because every time I play it seems more ""futuristic"" and how do they do that?Well to make it more futuristic Infinity Ward makes everything more colorful, more AIDS and makes it harder to shoot gun at an accurate and reasonable manner."
,Not Recommended,292730,26586549,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewCall of Duty: Infinite Warfare was purchased directly through SteamIt’s Call of Duty. That’s pretty much all that needs to be said, but as I’m not someone who writes one liner reviews for all the upvotes in the world, I’ll go into more detail. But, I’ll be honest: I bought the game simply for Modern Warfare Remastered. I had no interest in Infinite Warfare as a standalone game.As a Call of Duty game, it’s pretty standard. The difficulty comes from the bullet sponge enemies who can kill you quickly, but otherwise it’s impossible to do anything on your own. There are many moments where you’ll be told to kill one person and a teammate will kill the other. Your hand is held for the entire game. On your tenth Jackal takeoff, you’re still show how to launch, even though it’s only two button presses. The formula is tried, true, and excruciatingly boring now.The campaign is, for the most part, fantastic. The characters are likeable, and E3N has more humanity in his robotic body than the vast majority of characters in the CoD universe. The set pieces are terrific, and the various objectives are actually quite fun, despite having your hand held for the duration of the entire game. Reyes, Salter, Gator, Omar…every character is wonderfully acted, very believable, and very emotional. You may actually feel bad for the big bad soldiers.Interspersed throughout the campaign are side missions you can undertake. None of them are very long, nor overly difficult. The space fight missions, however, which put you in control of a Jackal, are just ridiculous. They have no place in the game, and as a space shooter, it’s extremely subpar. It controls well enough, but it’s just boring. It’s like Infinity Ward looked at all the space shooters over the years, decided what was the best component from all of them, then completely ignored all of them and did it their own way. If you don’t care about achievements, forego these side missions. You’ll get enough boring Jackal gameplay during the main missions anyway. I also wasn’t a fan of the zero G missions that have you fighting outside, but that could just be me.Graphically, as usual for a Call of Duty game, Infinite Warfare looks fantastic. If your machine can handle it, set everything to their max, and crank up the scaling to 200%, and you’ll be in for an amazing experience. Explosions, facial animations, gun animations, everything looks fantastic.The same goes for the sound. Voice acting, music, effects, bad guy chatter, everything is very well crafted and quite immerses you into the environment.Now, the part that most people buy a CoD game for, the multiplayer. I haven’t played much of the multiplayer, and I won’t, because it seems boring. It’s rehashed. There is very little difference between this and, say, Black Ops III. The biggest difference? New maps. That’s about it. The fact that Farming Simulator had (has?) more concurrent players than Infinite Warfare speaks volumes. I don’t know if it’s time to retire Call of Duty, convert it to a bi-annual release, or just get rid of Infinity Ward, but something needs to change. The bread and butter is boring, slow, and seems like it was just tacked on. I know very few people buy CoD for the campaign, but I think in this release, the campaign is heaps better than multiplayer.As for Spaceland, I have not played it all that much, and I likely won’t. I didn’t enjoy zombies in Black Ops III, and despite being a huge fan of everything 80s, I don’t think I’ll be playing much of it in this installment. If you’re looking for a review or more information on Spaceland, look elsewhere.ProsExcellent campaignExcellent graphics and sound designLikeable characters for onceFantastic set piecesCombat is smooth and feels like it shouldConsSide missions are easy and far too quickSpace combat is beyond tediousMultiplayer is rehashed and essentially pointlessInfinity Ward has done nothing new to progress the series (going to space is not progression)SummaryI’m in a tough spot. I enjoyed the campaign, despite buying the game for Modern Warfare. And the centerpiece of any Call of Duty, the multiplayer, is boring and has little redeeming quality.As such, I’m going to have to go with a no, I do not recommend this game. If you are interested in the campaign, and it is a fun campaign, buy it when it’s on sale. Don’t wait for a big discount, as Activision is averse to any sort of major discounts, but get it when it’s slightly cheaper.If you’re looking for a fun multiplayer experience, stick with Black Ops III. Or try Battlefield 1, which has actually done something different.The Call of Duty series really needs to hit the drawing board, and Activision needs to do what Ubisoft has done with Assassin’s Creed, and stop releasing a new game every year, especially when there’s nothing really ‘new’ in those new games."
76561198047477114,Not Recommended,292730,30128619,Posted: 23 February,all,Hambrownjamdan,I'm so glad I got to try the free weekend instead of making the purchase.  I'll keep it simple there is a reason this game is severely discounted and has mostly negative reviews.  It refuses to work and it's another♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port on behalf of Actision.
76561198368709909,Not Recommended,292730,30232660,Posted: 27 February,all,Satheon777,Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare is the worst Call Of Duty in my opinion. Yes it is in space but it is also a space sim which I know lots of COD fans will not like...I also dont like it in a COD game. The only good thing about this game was that it gave us Modern Warfare Remastered which was great! It was the only reason why I bought this game. But dont get Infinite Warfare cause it is 62 gbs of space wasted. Unless of course its 33% off and you can get Modern Warfare Remastered. Infinite Warfare is also very buggy. It seems like a beta game. In all Infinite Warfare is worth trying for free but i would give it 3/10. I would give Modern Warfare Remastered a 8/10 or a 9/10. Multiplayer and the story is great in Modern Warfare Remastered.  Dont get this game even if its just for MWR!
76561198178245933,Not Recommended,292730,30221938,Posted: 27 February,all,adolf stifler,Terrible optimization
,Not Recommended,292730,30227100,Posted: 27 February,all,Boost Butt,I wish I could un-play this game
,Not Recommended,292730,30215114,Posted: 26 February,all,[BOT],Lag in multiplayerPlaying with 150mb connection and other call of dutys have been working well.
,Not Recommended,292730,30128004,Posted: 23 February,all,ƒancy ƒaget,Garbage. Don't waste your bandwidth.
76561198138735401,Not Recommended,292730,30228023,Posted: 27 February,all,Porridge,nope
76561197990555025,Not Recommended,292730,26449530,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,HadesWolf,worst game i've ever played.. only 3 days after release hackers galor... the game is dead already.. can't believe people got payed and got away with making this trash.... sad to see cod title like this as it's nothing like cod at all even single player you are a captian of a space ship.. what the f has that got to do with cod.. playing around playing space invaders is pathetic and if i was into those sought of games i'd by them... the multi player maps suck truely bad the3 only 3 lanes are now 3 lanes with side streets every 30 yards with 500 corners you have to run around anyone who hates campers gets my point.... can't believe it but 3 days after release and i'm already quiting the game.. it is that bad.. never buy it ever save you hard earned money
,Not Recommended,292730,26450597,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nVm Star7ord,Campaign very goodMulti player is total♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26465498,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Elusive,"Honestly this game is trash. All the noob friendly additions to the game just makes it so you have even more stupid ways to die that are unavoidable. Cod4 RM isn't worth dealing with the price and this terrible game. And honestly, people who praise this game are dumb."
,Not Recommended,292730,28094652,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Aunty Cooper,"dont bother, campaign is okay but not worth the money. no anticheat multiplayer is full of blatant hackers, no updates since release to fix anything. not to mention almost impossible to find games because no one plays. if you like solo zombies then go ahead, because you wont be able to join your friends with there beind infinite error codes on attempts."
76561198160091970,Not Recommended,292730,26459740,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jaimaru,"Sorry Jon Sown, asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,26521350,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,epk0t,"Pros-Pretty fun, fast paced gameplay, typical for cod gamesCons-91 FPS lock, absolutely unacceptable in a fast paced shooter-Modern Warfare Remastered has UNPLAYABLE stuttering for the first 30-60 seconds of every map, basically making rollout spawns/nades in tdm/dom etc impossible-Small playerbase less then 2 weeks after release, even a few days after release I could only find TDM and DOM games-NO ANTICHEAT... unacceptable-Mouse sensitivity is controlled with a vague slider bar with no way to fine tuneWill possibly edit this review as time passes or if the game is updated to fix some of these issues.For now this game is a 3/10"
76561197965796247,Not Recommended,292730,30132814,Posted: 23 February,all,PrinceOfPetes,Garbage game from a garbage company.  Why'd I waste my bandwidth on this?
76561198010963765,Not Recommended,292730,27670972,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Savage X,"Worst COD so far I ever played ..... MP looks likes is in fast forward , everything looks like is in a rush on a unreal world ..... Thank's to Steam I got my money back ......"
76561198010369874,Not Recommended,292730,28194465,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pensacola Steve,"I wanted to recommend IW.  The campaign is surprisingly good, and the fundamentals of the multiplayer seem solid.  I even prefer the movement in IW over Titanfall 2.But holy crap, the player base for this game is God awful.  There are hackers in every other match, and the player base is so small that you keep seeing the same offenders over and over again.  At peak hours there only seem to be a few dozen players online, and off-peak you better put the coffee on, because you're going to be waiting around for a while.I've played bad games, but this is the first time I've ever felt compelled to actually review one.  Infinite Warfare is worse than bad: it's disappointing.  The elments of a great online experience are here, but IW bungled the execution.  They need to look at what happened with BO3, and what they did here, and figure out where the disconnect is."
76561197960274977,Not Recommended,292730,26412585,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,logicflaw,"I didn't expect multiplayer to look so noticebly worse than singleplayer.  I had to afk during my first match to make sure all the settings were the same as singleplayer, because there's no way to check before jumping into a match.  The near zero recoil smg makes matches feel like Destiny's Crucible, just replace sprint, slide, shotgun with sprint, wall run (or slide) and smg.  If you're hesitating to buy because you haven't enjoyed Call of Duty multiplayer since Blacks Ops 2, then pass."
,Recommended,292730,30738303,Posted: 25 March,all,Pugie 08/17/16,this game has a lot of negative reviews but the truth is it really isnt that bad. it is just like black ops 3 (the jetpack boost jumping being highly hated by everyone in the old cod community really doesnt help this game tho) except the method of obtaining the dupply drop weapons in this game is severely more acceptable. you can get salvage (which is sort of like an in game currency) to build the epic/rare/legendary variants of weapons instead of relying on luck or money. the servers are not very good due to how dead the game is on pc though.
76561198210402749,Not Recommended,292730,27592520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Business,The COD you install to uninstall immediately.
,Not Recommended,292730,26459956,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Level1noob,same old codonly got it for mwr and zombies
76561197965346201,Not Recommended,292730,31836370,Posted: 19 May,all,M@X P@IN,Call of Duty has hit rock bottom with this game dont waste your money.
,Not Recommended,292730,31025058,Posted: 8 April,all,TheRadicalBro,"Personally i don't like the futuristic setting so i quit head on. If you want to play MWR you cant because no one wants to buy the game here, i tried finding games on MWR but i can't because no one's playing..."
76561198152286700,Not Recommended,292730,26424649,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Whisker_Biscuit318,well.. this is my first refunded game.  Garbage.
,Not Recommended,292730,31995795,Posted: 27 May,all,ダディスキン,"Load of S***, Nothing works.Zombies is brokenNo one plays Multiplayer and when they do - full of cheaters.Single player is ok. but no depth to it whatsoeverLove the graphicsRuns really wellBut the game is garbage and Activision obviously dont give a F*** about it anymore.Do not buy"
,Recommended,292730,31333293,Posted: 23 April,all,X_Pilot,"Don't just disagree with this review because it's positive. I know many people do that. It's now how reviews are meant to be handled.This game seems to have entered a Catch 22. It doesn't have many players because of the negative reviews, but it has negative reviews because of the lack of players.The game itself is solid. The campaign is amazing and really fun.Multiplayer isn't superb, but the movement is a step up from Black Ops 3 in my opinion.The weapons sound like they pack a punch and feel a lot better than the ones in Black Ops 3, which quite frankly felt like paper weighted guns with no proper punch.I'd recommend you pick it up and play it. I've nearly put 100 hours into it and I've really enjoyed it a lot more than Black Ops 3 as it has a more of a darker scheme to it and less clowny and colourful than the previous CoD was."
,Not Recommended,292730,26446722,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Moonlight {ZEUS},"#RIPCODWell, I guess this it... Just don't buy it. Just don't. Its absolute crap."
76561198058847050,Not Recommended,292730,31939835,Posted: 24 May,all,TE Eclipse,"The single player is quite a bit of fun, but the multiplayer is a broken controller filled mess. Considering people buy for multipler, this gets a downvote"
,Not Recommended,292730,26422852,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,@VicesAdulation,"This is the most thorough waste of time in my life. I have 157 games in my Steam library, and if I could delete one and never hear of it again, this would be it.As a game it does not work. Sure the technical achievements like animation, sound design, production values are all there, but this game fails to grab my attention for even 5 minutes.Titanfall 2 does it right. This my friends, should not be recommended to others."
76561198071448671,Not Recommended,292730,30207611,Posted: 26 February,all,b1ackt0ast,Had a chance to try this game out on free weekend...story and zombies are locked only multiplayer is availablehad multiple crashes that inturipted my play time
76561198162807436,Not Recommended,292730,30194336,Posted: 26 February,all,_Tejofi42_,It's really bad !!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30185688,Posted: 25 February,all,Rob,"I played 62 minutes of this game and I want them back, but I can't so do yourself a favor and never play this game."
76561198008432407,Not Recommended,292730,30185659,Posted: 25 February,all,lucifer616,"free weekend? you mean evything is locked but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer, the only thing i didn't want to play, at least give us the zombie you cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company, waste of download"
,Not Recommended,292730,30167254,Posted: 25 February,all,Über,"An overly simplistic, microtransaction-laden, mindless shooter. Can't recommend it when there are far more and far better shooters on the market that will provide better gameplay experiences."
76561198021502551,Not Recommended,292730,30155681,Posted: 24 February,all,towner,"I love how huge companies can afford and give there players a chance to experience their full games and ull game modes that are included,,,,, This game however is not included under that banner, This is meant to be a free weekend and yet you cannot access any of the game modes apart from multiplayer, Campaign is unaccessable, Zombie mode is unaccessable and you do not have access to COD4 remastered.To a potential buyer of this game they have really screwed their chances to draw me to even think about buying this game, Is this company just wanting people to use their bandwidth and troll us by only being able to play multiplayer but placing INFINITE WARFARE as a free weekend making us think the entire game is free, I dont know about everyone else but I wasted 40 gig of bandwidth, I do not recommend this game and in future gaming companies should make the entire game free if they are offering a free weekend"
,Not Recommended,292730,30137460,Posted: 24 February,all,NarZosK,"Free week-end! Nice I'll check the zomb... ""locked"" *cough* *cough* *cough* WHAT?Also, let's not talk about the FPS limit!I feel like ARK's 15 FPS are smoother than IW's 91 FPS I don't know why..I don't like this game but I don't want to spit on it, because it has a great community. (not sarcasm, or maybe?)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30175528,Posted: 25 February,all,✪ Blade Khalifa,Click dreapta delete !
,Not Recommended,292730,30131253,Posted: 23 February,all,47,"Advanced Warfare had issues, but it still felt like a Call of Duty game.  Infinite Warfare is so far out there that it can't be classified as a Call of Duty game anymore."
76561197966320183,Not Recommended,292730,30221797,Posted: 27 February,all,Daghda,"It worked better on my pc than Black Ops 3. But there were absolutely no players, except in ""softcore"" tdm, even on a free weekend."
,Not Recommended,292730,30182158,Posted: 25 February,all,Lil Romeo,This game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30178472,Posted: 25 February,all,ozo,"Crashes alot, wont allow you to connect to servers if the Steam's nick is longer than 15 characters. Why would you pay money for this crap."
76561198036633538,Not Recommended,292730,30155047,Posted: 24 February,all,The Entire Population of China,be nice to actually be able to get into a game. But instead they just send you back to the main menu. Some free weekend. When can we expect modern warfare to be released on its own. That i might buy. COD is dead.... doubt its coming back RIP
,Not Recommended,292730,30140304,Posted: 24 February,all,PotatoMan ✪,Not worth it + it's locked at 90 fps. WTF it's a first person shooter and a lot of people use 120 or 144Hz monitors. Like how hard is it to unlock the fps? Same game as the previous CODs so if you have any previous game just play that and don't bother paying another 60 euros
,Not Recommended,292730,30148707,Posted: 24 February,all,DSOThorn,"Call of Duty: Shitfinite Warfare is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, idk where to even say the♥♥♥♥♥♥starts.  From massive Stuttering, lag, lack of dedicated servers, to the horrible bugs, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing abortion. The game is like Black Ops 3, but it runs slightly better, but at the same time is so much buggier, Less fun, and just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell. HOW CAN YOU ♥♥♥♥ UP COPY AND PASTING?!?!?!?  All I can say is, Activision and Infinity Ward, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together or Call of Duty is dead. For now, RIP Call of Duty, 2003-2012.  Also, get the ♥♥♥♥ off the quake engine already.  It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥with your games, and while Infinite Warfare looks kind of like Battlefield 3 without a blue filter, it looks pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a game part of a multi million dollar franchise that is most of the time a best selling game.  It's 2017 for god's sake."
,Not Recommended,292730,30225326,Posted: 27 February,all,Ezurek,"Every year they get worse. Sound is like shooting plastic toy guns. Noplayers? Found a game with only 3-4 players in it. No dedicated servers in 2017, kek."
,Not Recommended,292730,30173746,Posted: 25 February,all,vijju6091,How do i refubd my data activision and infinity ward for such crappy weekend
,Not Recommended,292730,30187719,Posted: 25 February,all,SirBowtie,Played during the free to play weekend.Cons:- Spent more time trying to make the game work than I spent playing- Movement doesn't feel right unless you're sliding literally everywherePros:- Finally updated my video drivers-
76561198027954037,Not Recommended,292730,30162668,Posted: 25 February,all,Horizonist,Downloaded 50GB of nothing.
,Not Recommended,292730,30186509,Posted: 25 February,all,Greencactus23,call of duty backed me out of my match just to answer a survey
,Not Recommended,292730,29999007,Posted: 17 February,all,Moondog,"So this review is going to be from Release date to present (18/02/2017)This review will also focus on preformance issues, My specsIntel 17-4790kMSI GTX 1080 8gb32gb DDR 3 Corsair VenganceMsi Z97 gaming 5 mobo120gb samsung evo 850 ssd3tb hddI'll start with IW -Call of Duty Infinite warfare since release day runs perfectly, now ive had this game run across two seperate monitors, one being a 16:9 1910x1080 and my new monitor 21:9 2560x1080 my frame rate stays perfect (minimum of 90) with all my settings on ultra, gameplay is super smooth and great fun!MWR -Now this is where i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoyed, when i spend £80 on a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game i expect it to run properly. I can understand some bugs and glitches on release day/week, but its been 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥months now and the game still runs like it did on release day, 30-40 fps, with all my textures on LOW. now not everyone has these issues but i see alot of people in several different forums with the same issues as mine.Funny how they hired Beenox Entertainment to make the game creating all the hype (Beenox being famous for the 1,000,000 spiderman games they have made.) and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥but you let sledgehammer create IW and it runs flawless.If you want to play Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, then buy the original version from GoG or♥♥♥♥♥its cheap and there's plenty of servers, DO NOT GIVE ACTIVISION ANY MONEY FOR MWR UNTILL IT IS FIXED.However, if you want to just play Infinite Warfare, then go for it! It runs amazing!But just remember, poor souls like myself payed 80 ♥♥♥♥ing pounds for this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a game.D O  N O T  B U Y  T H I S  G A M E"
,Not Recommended,292730,28990892,Posted: 3 January,all,Officer Fiddy,this game blows
,Not Recommended,292730,30177180,Posted: 25 February,all,Codex77,"Thought I'd give this one a try for the free weekend.  found out everything is locked behind a ""you don't own this"" pop up.  waste of time.  it's no surprise that the recent reviews have been overwhelmingly negative."
,Not Recommended,292730,30160797,Posted: 25 February,all,♒ Shadow Bearer {Keezy},"I have 1gb internet on all cat6 cords and I got disconnected 2 times on 2 seperate days before the match even started. I can't give it a positive review since I can't even play the game. Maybe that's the tactic. Sell copies half price to people who keep trying to join lobbies, have them waste their 2 hour eligability for a refund and walk away with the cash.Either that or their programming team is so horrible that they can't even code a game to load from a multiplayer lobby that they coded themselves.Take your pick on the reason.Personally I'm going to think that they're not idiots and are instead con-men unless they flat out say they don't know how to make a PC Native game.I can't even load it to hate it / 10"
,Not Recommended,292730,30160930,Posted: 25 February,all,Snek,I don't see the appeal in buying this if you've already played black ops 3 because its just an inferior version of that. I tried to play this game open mindedly but the game's multiplayer is such a cluster♥♥♥♥ it makes black ops 3 look like goty (and that was a title I didn't fully enjoy with the supply drop nonsense).The one positive thing I can say about this game is that it runs better than black ops 3 on my machine. But I'm not sure why you would want this over black ops 3 considering it just got mod support so now you can get an infinite amount of content (which infinite warfare doesn't have and never will).Another point I would like to add is that MWR (which is exclusive to the premium editon of Infinite Warfare) now has become pay to win! Because now there's supply drop exclusive guns to the game! So if you were looking to pick Infinite Warfare up just to play MWR I'm afraid you're going to be very disappointed. The original Cod 4 is still good with the healthy playerbase it has plus the native mod support in the game.I had more fun writing this review than playing Infinite Warfare. 6/10
76561198068906524,Not Recommended,292730,30211348,Posted: 26 February,all,A2BBQ,"This game is obviously not made for PC. Couldnt get into a game because your steam name is to long, get into the game and it runs poorly. They should have just kept this game on console because they obviously didnt care when they ported it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26422591,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PhyTek,"I was excited for this game, but nope, I can load in the menu and what not, i can wait in lobby, but I'm not able to even get into a game. It stays at Match Started. Loading Level..... For christ sake it doesn't take 15 minutes to load a level. There's so many bugs and glitches in the loading screen, and trying to change your settings freezes the GAME! I have almost an hour of gameplay that has been only to be stuck in lobby and not be able to play a single damn thing. I want a refund!"
76561198110329235,Not Recommended,292730,26463736,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,left the game,The modern warfare stutters and the Infinity Warfare won't even start (it sits on black screen).I had no problems running Black Ops 3.
,Not Recommended,292730,26468087,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Joker™,"Dont waste your time. Remastered is great and I will purchase it once it goes sperate but infinite warfare sucks, not worth 80 dollars."
,Not Recommended,292730,26755538,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Repairman Jack Bauer,"This game is, at best, disappointing. Infinity Ward and Activision continue their trend of ignoring the wishes of their fan base as long as the money comes in.   The campaign is boring and uninspired and the multiplayer is the same old nonsense from Black Ops III and Advanced Warfare.At the very least this game is not selling as well as previous Call of Duty games.  Perhaps that will get the attention of the suits in the tower and the next CoD can be a much better effort and, hopefully, loses the advanced movement garbage."
,Not Recommended,292730,26543465,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vendrette,"While the game's single player experience is overall a good dose of futuristic warfare, the multiplayer leaves a lot to be desired. And let's be honest: multiplayer is what COD is purchased for. The trailers for the game hyped it up to be a fun, futuristic shooting game with unique abilities and fun movement. Instead, we ended up with a Q3A shooter with wallrunning. The maps are incredibly small and not well planned or made. This is not what I expected. I should have bought Titanfall or BF1. I didn't expect mouse acceleration to be a ""feature"" of this."
,Not Recommended,292730,26828560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,obsidian72nc,"Good campaign, good zombies, bad multiplayer."
76561198154522331,Not Recommended,292730,26760000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zedong Mao,"So the campaign is not bad but this game is still trash.I spend 80 bucks for the legacy Edition and not only MW1 remastered performance is unplayable (15-20FPS for titan X pascal and 6700k, like are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?) Also, the multiplayer for both games are just lost frames like crazy, 12 GB of VRAM got taken instantly by the trash optimization and even though the frame in game appear to be 90 FPS but it stutters so much that playing this game is like a torture.So Activision, if you don't care about your PC gamer base than just stop releasing this series on PC, nobody wants your trash anyways.(I used to be a COD fan, but not anymore)"
76561198168127420,Not Recommended,292730,26760950,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shadowshiek,not worth the buy. has been out more than month and already hakers. if you report them nothing happens. seen the same hackers this whole week. the game is not fun. already has small commity and only getting lowwer with the hackers. no one wants to play with a hacker. also they took the pc commity and broke them up under steam and windows store. so if you buy it on steam yourr not playing with any one who bought it from the windows store and visversa. canbt believe i spent 60 bucks for this game.
76561197989355795,Not Recommended,292730,26448302,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,g5saitek,"It is almost like they know they will sell millions of copies no matter what kind of S**t they give us. Almost like a slap in the face.  Call of Duty in general has gotten worse through the years. This may have finally done it for me. I requested a refund for this mess of a game.  I enjoy Battlefield and Call of Duty equally, however, Dice has create a far superior game. I recommend no one buy this garbage."
76561198249369196,Not Recommended,292730,26742926,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheAbstract,"I bought the game hoping to not hop on the hate bandwagon, but the MP community is nearly dead, and I wouldn't say the campaign is worth eighty dollars, but that's my opinion. Don't make the same mistake i did."
,Not Recommended,292730,26461818,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,FloomingGonzo,Okay i couldnt really judge if the gameplay was♥♥♥♥♥♥as i didnt really get into it. But i shall say i refunded it because of the fact it runs like utter utter♥♥♥♥♥♥well single player runs good but the multiplayer wow so laggy and hardly anyone was playing and i have a decent pc that runs titanfall 2 and bf1 in high to ultra settings.I bought the game just for the remaster! How the ♥♥♥♥ did they ♥♥♥♥ it up like how the ♥♥♥♥!!! it too runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think ill re-buy it on ps4 as its not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port!
,Not Recommended,292730,26760108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Osama Bin Lagging,This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26448639,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Get Schwifty,"Floatly mouse & keyboard support, multiplayer dosen't work (takes forever to find a match)- Refunded.COD4 remaster seems decent, I think I'll wait for that!"
76561197994783705,Not Recommended,292730,26466575,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stacker,"GoodRefund experience was outstanding because I was within the 2 hour play limit, thanks guys!BadHorrible BS 'futuristic' DOOM/Unreal Tournament theme, I really do feel this is completely the wrong direction to take the franchise. Please IW, press CTRL+ALT+DEL and put us back to the cold war or something. Gameplay for me felt very odd - movement/handling characteristics felt like running in water etc... Lacklusture/boring maps. I was expecting Sonic to come spinning around the corner at any moment!!!ConclusionIt's a Turkey!Perhaps after some patches and additonal work it might be worth another shot but in its present state I'm not prepared to drop any coin on it so I'm out.Cheers."
,Not Recommended,292730,26469222,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hunter,Can we please have anti-cheat?
,Not Recommended,292730,26508360,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sixy cs.deals,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC. Half of the best gamemodes are gone (SND) It runs terribly compared to what the spec requirements are. Its jsut all around garbage for PC. if you are going to play cod stick to console.
,Not Recommended,292730,26730827,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,★ Matt Manziel,Only good thing about this game is the Zombie Mode.
76561198135499221,Not Recommended,292730,26753413,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MAD-CUZ-BAD,game is dead and broken do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,292730,26768480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jon Bong Jovi,sad
,Not Recommended,292730,27676639,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AccidentalHuman,"TL:DRVery few players, Games Full of Bugs (both Remastered and Infinite Warfare), no Anti-Cheat (for when there are players), only 2-3 game modes work.The biggest waste of money I've ever had to encounter on Steam - for a flagship launch title this game is crap on PC. I purchased the Digital Deluxe Edition as I have with all of my Call of Duty games on my PS3 and PS4 figuring that it would be just as good on PC (as I'm a PC gamer, I don't really like consoles).The servers are underpopulated, like - bad... Only two or three game modes work, don't even try to get a round of Ground War going because you'll die of old age before that happens.As for Modern Warfare: Remastered, it suffers the same fate - lack of players and only two to three game modes work. On top of that, The Windows Store (for WIndows 10 people) is not cross compatible, meaning that Activision treats Windows Store and Steam as two separate consoles and the Windows Store version is much more unpopular.At the end of the day, I do not recommend this installment of the Call of Duty Franchise for my fellow PC gamers unless it is severely patched and fixed by Activision."
,Not Recommended,292730,26761762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SINister Panda,low community levels and bad loading
,Not Recommended,292730,28110539,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,i queefed on your face nigga,"IW AND MWR REVIEW(MWR)CONS-Frist off MWR has awful optimization. the worst I have ever seen on any AAA title and it's pretty sad-My stystem is well over capable to run this game at max settings at around 100 FPS and it wont-crashes constantlyPROS-when it doesn't run like garbage mabye %2 of the time it's fun to play and sniping is really fun.(IW)CONS-Horrible graphical bug where my game is at highest settings and its low res textures and its been that way sinse release aparently-Runs like garbage-pretty bad overall-has awful, just horrible input lag. all my controls are usually delayedPROS-Its really fun when im not having the issueBONUS: If you're looking for a refund good luck. these horrible games cost me around 4-5 hours of in game playtime to fix the horrible stuff that Activision should have fixed, but didn't and it's still not fixed. and I can't get a refund. I'm trying to spam the refund request stuff until it'll get accepted I hope."
,Not Recommended,292730,27565624,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Global Potato,How can this game get such good review when I can't even get into the game.  Game crashes before the shaders are done pre loading and when you cancel the pre load then just launch the game it takes so long to load after the cut scene that it crashes anyway.
,Not Recommended,292730,28110924,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,tmeek88,"Can't get it to load, it locks up!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,28149601,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Gellzo,"Wasted all my money on this game. for multiplayerToo many hackers,So much lagCrap gameplaytoo many overpowered weaponsdead so quickly no time to turnWhy the hell put snipers in? all noobs do is run about with akimbo.Nearly as bad as ghosts.Thats me finished with Cod games now theyve just got consoled to death.Sick of all the worsening Cod  games and lack of support for pc players."
,Not Recommended,292730,28020010,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I Love Chickens,Terrible game.
,Recommended,292730,33898633,Posted: 30 July,all,Grand General Mark Gilbert,"The story is absolutely great, a lot of thought and love was put into it. I just fininshed my second playthrough.All other aspects of the game, however, are bad - I would stay away from multiplayer entirely."
76561197971178528,Recommended,292730,33896343,Posted: 29 July,all,Honkenstein,"*** Review for SINGLE PLAYER game ***I liked this game!  The story, characters, and gameplay.  Loved ""Ethan"" (E3N) especially.It held appeal because of the game's incorporation of ""values"".  For instance, the marines(?) commander's viewpoint toward Ethan changing over time.  The hatred for the people of Earth on the part of the Martian humans, and their collective, communal drive toward expansion and dominance via war ... it being their societal ethic.  Made me happy to bring 'em crashing to ground!  :DThe ""Klingon in me"" was glad to see sacrifical deaths of heroes.  Nothing new in that with CoD instalments, heroes going down in battle.  Butit's a piece of game-story content I've enjoyed since I first encountered it as a two-choice twist in Far Cry 2 where you, the hero, die in the end ... after having restored or performed some significant acts of justice, retribution, bravery. honour etc.These sorts of things, for me, make satisfying endings to stories.I found it both an interesting and a good addition to the CoD franchise to have the side missions to different parts of the solar system.  Missions to assault fleets or facilities using space fighter-craft or as ground assaults.  They added more content to the single-player experience.  I played them all through the first time.  However, they are optional ... at least in subsequent plays through.  I don't know if the ""chance of mission success"" figure for each side-mission had any bearing upon the difficulty of the main game's ending.  When I had my second play-through, I don't think I did any side missions.The game controls seemed typical and thus natural and easy.  The character motion/animation was (imo) good.  Two-stage negotiation of obstacles such as walls with NPCs is probably fairly standard, I guess, being a bit of a cut-scene thing.  ** There's a game called ""Warface"", a free-to-play multiplayer FPS that uses two players to perform such two-stage manoevers!  First to boost one up, the second to pull the booster up.  Kudos to the Warface devs!  :D **There was a satisfying variety of environments.  Most notable for me was probably the darkness caused by dust/smoke during one stage of the attack on Earth.Heaps of weaps to pick up.  Customise your loadout for each mission if you want.*** The bad ... ***There was crashing ... and it wasn't just a few times.  I think it was mainly an issue with my PC setup though.  *Very* unimpressed with my GFX card.  It's been crashing for everything.  Most play was during the summer (southern hemisphere), so cooling issues really came into play.  Aimed some fans into my open PC case.  That *largely* resolved the issues.  I used a Gigabyte R390.  It was capable of displaying full HD but seemed unstable.  However, I had removed the OC Guru s/w and I think the result was that the fans weren't operating optimally because the OS didn't know the metrics.  My mistake.*** Summation ***I liked it.  Only played it through twice though.  This is typical for me on SP FPS's because, unlike action-RPGs (FPRPGs/RPS), they don't have the same depth of character customisation that encourages ""a different approach""."
76561198323023553,Not Recommended,292730,30181831,Posted: 25 February,all,jlitton83,"This game is pure garbage.Pro--nice graghics-game settingcon--reskin of MW2-movement trash-gun unbalanced-multiplayer run around, and pew-pew-6v6 multiplayer, with no sever browser (yes, COD have not had that for a while, but it still needs        it)-Maps to small-game runs like trash-crashes a lot-more console garbage-1000/10"
76561198176564778,Not Recommended,292730,33758239,Posted: 23 July,all,GUNBLADEREAPER,"This game is enjoyable when it works. The single player is a decent length but the multiplayer can be hit or miss, sadly this game like many other cods does suffer from terrible balancing issues. The devs clearly dont test balancing before they release new weapons as some weapons are way too op and on top of that some op weapons are able to be used akimbo making them devastating. The match making is terrible sometimes you can wait up to 10 mins to find other people to play with just to loose connection :( this far after the games release the game is quickly dying and less and less people play it daily.  The zombies mode can be fun but can quickly become boring. The season pass dosent offer anything new its just more of the same which is fine but dosent do anything new to keep you interested. This is one of them games thats like a sinking ship unless your a die hard cod fan its not worth your money.I would rate it as follows:Single player : 7/10Multiplayer : 4 /10Zombies : 6/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,30164620,Posted: 25 February,all,KuDeR,"IW has interesting maps, rig and weapon designs, but thats it ! Paid weapons are overpowered and you get slaughtered  for the entire match, most of the lobbies are really laggy, slow key and salvage progression just to buy the cod points and much more."
76561198089716604,Not Recommended,292730,30183961,Posted: 25 February,all,Ruthless,Never ever in my life a game has made me want to die so badly.
,Not Recommended,292730,30223489,Posted: 27 February,all,Beyond Modern,"Free weekend, almost prestiged.Hardly played with any other gun besides a ""Mark 2"" weapon variant that allowed me to get a 15% XP Boost per kill (gained from a Rare Supply drop), and was incredibly easy to run and gun with.Horrible microstutters in random spots. Went away some maps, would come back on the same maps, was really inconsistent, but would mostly occur when I came across an enemy. Otherwise ran at a solid 91 FPS, because that's what their horribly outdated engine caps to (because apparently it's too difficult to update an engine or to share an engine with Treyarch, who actually bother to at least try updating it ever so slightly)Some challenges couldn't be done because they require you to play in objective modes, which no one plays.Movement felt more sluggish compared to Black Ops 3, which isn't saying a lot.EDIT:Second free weekend. Coming back to this game, I started hating the design even more. It's just kind of...bland? I'll use the ""Reactive Armor"" payload, but there's hardly a visual or audible que to tell me that I've actually properly activated it. Unless I looked down at my cooldown for the ability, I wouldn't know.Every player model looks the same in game, despite there being eight(?) different characters to choose from. Everything's either white or grey, and blocky. Menus are a mess. Items you unlocked are scattered around instead of at the top of the list.I don't necessarily hate the gameplay. Somewhere in there, there's adecentgame, at the very least. But it's just plagued with bad design, horrible lag, inconsistent framerates, and lacks the sense of accomplishment a game like this should have when getting kills or leveling up.I've used almost the exact same play style every match. Slap a gun on with low hipfire spread, slap a laser sight on, and mow people down while not stopping to reload or to even bother aiming.It's just really rough."
,Not Recommended,292730,26423366,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Le Poi,"Another bland title to the overmined Call of Duty franchise. If this game was released under an entirely different title and name, maybe we wouldn't be so disappointed, but it all just boils down to overused concepts and ignorance from the devs about the player base. Being an old Call of Duty fan from the World at War era, I decided to peek back into the franchise and I now understand the frustration that everyone shares about the raw ignorance from the devs to the playerbase. It's saddenning to think that the companies consider the player base as a resource for income rather than a source of information to create a better game crafted for a better more innovative gameplay experience. I've hit 3 hours on the game, so it may be too late for a refund, but I'm hoping my request goes through. Rest assured, I will not be coming back to the CoD franchise(if it still exists after repeats of these fiascos) for a long while.0/10 - Overmined, Overused, Over the hill."
76561198174753503,Not Recommended,292730,30129577,Posted: 23 February,all,HiimF1nest,hi
76561197989935064,Not Recommended,292730,30179681,Posted: 25 February,all,I EAT ASS!,"Wanted to give the game an honest try for the freeweekend after not playing a CoD game since MW2. Didnt even get that far. Game installed and setup correctly, but wont allow me to even start matchmaking for a multiplayer game. No explanation why, no warning or anything the only thing that is clickable is the loadout menu, which is just filled with another list of unselectable options because I have not unlocked anything. Trying to go back to the main menu crashes the game. Thirty minutes of game time was me litterally trying and failing to figure out why it wasn't letting me play and why it was crashing.Terrible experience after nearly 8 years away. Probably wont give it another try for another 8."
,Not Recommended,292730,29410796,Posted: 21 January,all,GayPornStuntMan,Dont waste your money on an uncompleted game! They keep updating the game but dont finish it! NO LEADERBOARDS! NO EMBLEM EDITOR! NO ANTI-CHEAT! WHY CANT WE LINK OVER TO STEAM PLAYER PROFILES? CANT CHECK FELLOW PLAYERS FOR VAC-BANS? They add COD  POINTS to sucker us for more money! They added MKII weapons which are the same previous weapons from before but with new crappy features! We want new weapons! New maps! New game modes! WE WANT MORE PEOPLE TO ACTUALLY PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME! EVERY GAME PAST BLACK OPS 2 HAS BEEN♥♥♥♥♥♥ GO BACK TO BASICS INFINITY WARD! BOOTS ON THE GROUND! LESS NOOB WEAPONS! NO PAYLOAD WEAPONS! NO JETPACKS! NO WALL RUNNING! GIVE US A GAME THAT IS ACTUALLY CHALLENGING! ALLOW SKILLED PLAYERS TO DISPLAY THEIR TALENTS!
76561198049892475,Not Recommended,292730,30132715,Posted: 23 February,all,DickWeed,this isn't even cancers final form
76561197965493880,Not Recommended,292730,26430515,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Znow,"Only played Multiplayer on PC in Australia. Results may vary. I'm sure the single player is as always a great 6-10hr cinematic experience.Only game mode available is TDM. You can't get a game on anything else. Which doesn't bode well for trying to get a game at all three months from now.The maps are either space junkyard or Asian inspired small area. There is literally not one stand out as ""this is a great map!"".I feel like CoD is now in the Saw 6 phase where they are just seeing how little they can spend and still make money."
76561198081431625,Not Recommended,292730,26464672,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Filip☠  hellcase.com,"Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, Tried multiplayer : won't find a lobby + if it does = crashes. Singleplayer stuck at loading screen. Zombies stuck at loading screen"
76561197970808253,Not Recommended,292730,26614550,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Molon_Labe,"The grouping system is so underdeveloped there is no way to track group leader, number of players joined or any intuitive way to even out sides to get a game started, so forget playing with your friends unless you happen to end up on the same server (and the same side) by accident.  Cheats are already out there, and developers don't seem to care one bit, so be ready to log off disgusted after some tool in his mom's basement goes 118/9 with a sniper rifle."
,Not Recommended,292730,26454936,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Chooseday,"COD 4 Remastered Review - Asking for a refund.I'll be honest, I bought this game completely for Modern Warfare Remastered, I couldn't care less about Infinity Warfare and have next to no desire to play it, so if you're like me, this is probably the review for you.As it is, the game looks like it is in a good state, as far as I can tell, everything is just how it used to be. However, if you want to purchase this game for the Multiplayer, I would strongly advise AGAINST purchasing this game in its current state.Currently the lag in multiplayer is absolutely awful, and this seems to be for everyone. There's at least about a 200ms delay. If you're fine playing with that, alright, but it seriously changes the way you have to play the game.The next issue I have with this game, is if you're like me, you paid £80 for just the MW. Unfortunately it looks like they have the intent to make you pay even more money, as they haven't included any of the old DLC maps in this pack. This is purely base game. I can't see any other reason these packs aren't included."
,Not Recommended,292730,26462004,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rataphract,"I feel like the game was absolutely ruined by the way the campaign ended. It just wasn't very well supported, and it was kind of a string of 'well we need to manufacture a reason to meaningfully martyr everybody one after another' moments that just didn't fit together very well, following some really poorly thought through plot decisions.Then, I played the multiplayer. And. I don't think I'm going to bother doing that again any time soon.I can see how some people might dig this game. I can also see how plenty of people didn't."
76561198007107520,Not Recommended,292730,26458171,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Freelancer,Poor
,Not Recommended,292730,26504720,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,LvlScythe,unoptimized game unfinished save your money this is a joke
76561198110215325,Not Recommended,292730,26747806,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NODER NEDER,trash!!! infiny word completly left the pc community poor optimization low fps wtf they have been doing for three years this game is unfinished i was fooled to buy another trash cod  but hey at list they will put cod points back that is more important then optimizing the game do not buy if ur smart  i mean last year i did not reccomended bo3 but now its great they patche it and i love this game but iw is jus dissapointing
,Not Recommended,292730,26420482,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fridock,"Take these Microtransactions, and shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just shove real hard until you hear a crunch"
,Not Recommended,292730,26469330,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Polski Śnieg,"I am a fan of Call of Duty.Back in the ""good ol days"" (the boots on the ground days) i played MW2 for hours. I enjoyed every call of duty until Ghost hit. That was the first game i lost my drive in.It has only gotten worseThis call of duty is not good. I got this mainly for MWR which is a terrible port on PC and very unoptimized. I refunded and you should too. Call of duty does not care about PC and until they do i would stay far away.I feel as if this call of duty they remastered a boots on ground game just to see if more people prefered boots on ground or parkour movement systems. Hopfully they just listen to the community next time. Or they may not get a next time."
76561198016887383,Not Recommended,292730,26469615,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sarcastyx,"Would not reccomend.Pro's:Decent campaign, longer than average with varied gameplay and solid balanceLooks goodRelatively good sound qualityCon's:Multiplayer is VERY imbalanced (frequently ending in games with one team having 3 to 4 times the score of the other)Buggy or just bad spawns, placing players directly behind or infront of the other team, or, my personal favorite, in the middle of a firefightConsistantly froze - this started about 2 hours in to the campaign, and was a persistent issue. The game would lock up for 3 to 30 seconds, desynch audio, and this happened every 5 to 10 minutes. Additionally, this affecte multiplayer, where i would be dropped from games if it froze.Speaking of getting dropped from games; The matchmaking frequently failed (about 50% of the time) to find games, and would sit there until I went back to game mode selection and re-selectedPoorly optimized - this put an abnormal load on my PC, which has handled other, similar games with no issues"
76561198071349498,Not Recommended,292730,26470799,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jango Fett,"The game has a lot of good ideas, i love the setting, i love the action, the story is utter useless crap, i did all the side missions and for what? everyone i did it for and what i did it for died in the process, i didnt feel so attached and rather felt cheated as if my effort didnt matter at all in the end. Now the multiplayer....... oh the multiplayer, rapid fire bullet spraying orgy machine, they couldnt of done it any worse, all in all the onlly reason to get infinite warfare is coz of te COD MW Remaster, to tell you honsetly COD, titanfall did it better in every aspect. cant recommend this game because it is too helish and terrible, just go out and get Titanfall 2, easy to learn hard to master, no crazy rapid fire nutshells and the movement system is way and above beyond that of anhy COD."
,Not Recommended,292730,27683118,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tethys raffletrades.com,"Great campaign. I loved Ethan and all the characters. Multiplayer has barely no one on it. The ony gamemode that works is Team Deathmatch and even there it takes forever to find a game. Overall, I think the campaign is great, multiplayer needs more players, and zombies has no one in it. A waste of $59.99"
,Not Recommended,292730,28146406,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,WARLORD,"Hated it, it was complete garbage nothing but hackers. The servers are lagging constantly. I want a refund immediately"
,Not Recommended,292730,28396712,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Leongwd,Essentially Bad Rats in 3D
,Not Recommended,292730,28037769,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nim Nims,"This game made me hate everything CoD has become, and my life. I wish to die after playing this.It really shouldn't be a game, a novel or short story would suffice at this point cos the story isn't all that bad actually. Just plays like cancer, and don't even get me started on the broken multiplayer.Please kill me now."
76561198051769072,Not Recommended,292730,28170427,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,se7en |MWD|,"Another garbage game from a washed up studio, Infinity Ward. I'll give credit where credit is due as the campaign was....ok, but nobody buys call of duty for the campaign they buy it for the multiplayer, the multiplayer in this game is on par with advanced warfare, its awful. terrible chaotic maps where you get shot from all over the place mostly from behind, and they have stupid gun variants so people that might of just started playing the game could have a very powerful variant of a gun that has powerful perks that people that have been playing for a month or two dont even have.....not sure how thats even considered fair but yet again Infinity Ward proves that they are nothing more then a washed up studio that couldn't make a good call of duty if their lives depended on it. Hopefully this is the last call of duty we see from them..."
,Not Recommended,292730,26970850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madruga,Cod isded
,Not Recommended,292730,28322470,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Buck1224,"Remastered runs so poorly. Infinite warfare isn't at all Call of Duty, and the zombies is not traditional Treyarch Zombies. Terrible games. Even with 2 games in one. I had a lot of hope for cod44 Remastered, but they blew it. No PC support, anti-cheat or anything. Terrible developer communication. A game released in 2016, 9 years after it's predecessor shouldn't run worse than the original COD4 in 2007. It's sad. Another failure activision. Thanks."
76561198209023343,Not Recommended,292730,28178954,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,StevieeeJayyy,"Okay, I usually dont write reviews but I had to write one for this game and Ill split it into two parts, IW and MW Remastered. I enjoy playing Call of Duty, been playing since the first MW. Now since they announced they were remastering the game, i was like hell yeah ill like to play the game that I use to come home from school to play again. But you know, they need to stop.Infinite Warfare.Its not a bad game, but please stop making these futureristic ♥♥♥♥♥ of games. We are sick of it. I only bought this game to get MW remastered. Played a mission or two of the campaign, eh its fine, Ill finish it later on in the future. But obvisouly you buy the game to play online, and oh man its horrible. Noone plays anything except for Domination and Team Deathmatch which get boring as hell. I want to play FFA but again noone plays it. Plus they dont even have SnD?! Like wtf? So thats a huge let down.  Plus the guns feels the same to me and the maps are so not memoriable.  Zombies, idk its mixed for me. Like its pretty obvious you guys are not taking it serious and you will never be able to top Black Ops Zombies, sorry but not sorry. I mean its okay for the most part, but its just no. Just no.Modern Warfare Remastered.Yes it is gorgeous. Same everything. Of course this is the only reason why I bought this game. Do I regret it? Hell yes. Again, noone plays anything but Team Deathmatch and Dom. Like come on guys? Headqaurters was the♥♥♥♥♥♥and easiest way to level up and noone even knows about it. Speaking playing.. I really ♥♥♥♥ing wish I can play it on at least NORMAL ♥♥♥♥ING SETTINGS!! I can only play the game on low settings with no shadows, with no blood, no nothing, and i have a decent computer Specs.Intel Core i5 64008 GB DDR4GTX 970 4gbLike how can i not run this game without even have any settings above Normal?!?!?! At least I dont know what I am doing wrong, but that is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Infinite Warafare barely runs at 60 frames, even with the constant frame drops. If a game  does that, why even keep it? I can not even refund it and now I have to keep these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on my library now. The campaign is well the same old campaign so I cant really say much about it. Its just honestly ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting.Do Not Buy This. It Is Not Worth It. Stop Supporting Call of Duty Games."
,Not Recommended,292730,28237100,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,_IgNite,"Gameplay isnt the worst. Look at my hours played, i've come across multiple cheaters already and kids are crying about it in chat.Cant even find a ground war lobby, im stuck to TDM and DOM since player base is low.SP not bad.Zombies.. meh.MP = cancer."
,Not Recommended,292730,30131030,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr.Wayne,Optimized with their asses + Stupid futuristic theme. 0/10 F*ck this game.
76561197968547126,Not Recommended,292730,26596201,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HH.craigo°°,"Terrible game...you can't earn keys if your name is too long, really..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30222800,Posted: 27 February,all,Jonathan V.n.,Best example of a milking franchise.
76561198249696748,Not Recommended,292730,31883822,Posted: 21 May,all,Titan,"bought it only for mw remastered, and it's very bad optimizeddislike for this until a patch that fixes lag and all bad things"
,Not Recommended,292730,30207848,Posted: 26 February,all, thiccwater ,Roblox is a better game than this game (except zombies)
,Not Recommended,292730,26412299,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,KingLio,worst purchase i have ever made .. getting a refund! .. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!! (never said that about a game before)
,Not Recommended,292730,26458381,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TS Peaches,"Game does not have many options for optimization like Black Ops 3, can't lower reder resolution less than 100%, will run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ like 15 FPS for me. MWR also has garbage FPS, I'm not the only one."
76561197998363874,Not Recommended,292730,26461934,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Watchdrewdance,bad port refunded
,Not Recommended,292730,26465271,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,C.Serena,Boooo Son Booooo
76561198010055000,Not Recommended,292730,26449826,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LEEZEE,"Ok first off, I was so freaking excited to see they were going to bring COD4 back and give it new life. I was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I saw I had to pay $109cad for Infinite Crapfare in order to get it. Whatever, take my money I'm old school and loved cod4!!!  I have a crazy good system. i7 5820k (oc 4.5ghz on custom water) gtx980ti bla bla. The game runs like absolute trash!!!! Holy hell how can you go so wrong!!!! If you like games that fluctuate between 120fps to 15fps for no reason then this is the game for you! IW ran a little better but the game is recycled garbage from AW and BO3. Wow what a lunch box let down. Submitted a refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,26517408,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,eldissy,"I actually refunded the game which is something I usually never do.The PC port just feels horrible especially if you're used to black ops 3 and having 120+ FPS.There is FPS lag and just all around terrible performance from the game.Until they fix this it's definitely not worth purchasing, especially with games like Battlefield 1 and Titanfall on the market.This is definitely a game to buy on Xbox one if you really want to buy it."
76561197972341100,Not Recommended,292730,26449393,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Schweaty,"Hmmm, what to say....  If you really like the zombies mode maybe go ahead and get this one, I've played a few rounds and it seems pretty solid if not much changed up from the last one outside having a diffrent setting. Single player was fairly generic, some of the locations were pretty neat but the zero g sections were really annoying. Multiplayer doesn't feel good. I'm not sure I can put my finger on exactly waht it is oter then some of the weapons being terribly unbalanced, but it's more then just that. Anyway there are a lot of good multiplayer games out right now, maybe try Battlefield or Titanfall and give this one a pass."
76561198155676796,Not Recommended,292730,26473485,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,JC,"Here's my reveiw based of my time playing the gameThe campaign starts of with a soilder who was killed off, then the story jumps to your main charcter and the start going on about the sdf which fair enough are the bad guys then in a nutshell they build up the story and every body dies which i thought was quite lazy tbh!Multiplayer......as a cod fan for some time ive gotten used to boots on the ground and jetpacks but.....from going ghosts which was slow paste and boring to infinite warfare which is pure chaos i fell like infinity ward cant find a balance which is a shame,Another thing im dissapointed about is how fimilar it is to balck ops 3 eg the specialists only with different names ,and to add to it the movement feels awful black ops 3 felt nice and smooth.zombies havent played it simply because how childish this looks for an 16 -18 + gameIn addition the devs were lazy and gave a bad port,the first day i downloaded this game every time i tried to join a lobby it would kick me out and freezecod 4 remastered .....it feels nice to be back playing a good old game from 2007 once again but my main conceren is i dont think i can play this for a solid year ....simply because this game is over a decade old and is limted on content!ps infinite dogshit"
76561198033124101,Not Recommended,292730,26556995,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ĵäγ Ķãψ þêΣ,Multiplayer Gameplay is SOO BAD!! MW was hands down the best. Never again i give up on this!
76561198101658278,Not Recommended,292730,26462606,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ChunkyTheKlown,COD is dead.  HOrrible horrible horrible game.  Multiplayer consists of jumping around and randomly shooting.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561198008337801,Not Recommended,292730,26472838,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,*}C{Rancor(HM-USN),game feels like it was rushed as the studio was working on not just this but the mw remaster as well. bf1 runs perfectly for me but this game kept running slow even though this games graphics are sub par when compared to bf1.
,Not Recommended,292730,27539898,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maddoxxx,Unfortunately there is too few people playin on pc.
76561198046693748,Not Recommended,292730,28351751,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,M E L A N I N  R E S E R V E S,"They added supply drops to Modern Warfare Remastered♥♥♥♥ these corporate dogs, dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ."
76561198037140349,Not Recommended,292730,27682919,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,XPLT,NoThis game is not optimized for pcIt's really just a new and even worse advanced warfare mixed up with Ghost-Thanks for nothing call of duty
,Not Recommended,292730,28284763,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Galicious,Do NOT play Infinite Warfare.Play World at War and Modern Warfare.
,Not Recommended,292730,28349230,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,S U N D O W N   S Ä L,"""we wont change anything for mwr""*changes everything"
,Not Recommended,292730,27913621,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GoldBlackKnight,"so i bought this game on sale thinking that it would be great.especially when on saleso far here are my problems:Infinite Warefare- God Awful SLI Support (running one of my gtx970's gets massivly better performance than two)- Random Dropped Frames- NO Splitscrean Support- bad settings manager (some things aren't accurate and wont let you change them)- default frame rate is 50fps and when set to base mode it struggles to hold that- Flashing lights and shaking character models make everything look like a tech demo- Seperating the windows and steam store front serversMW Remastered- Frame rate issues- Mulitplayer Servers Capped at 6v6 they used to be at 24v24 so now the maps feel empty and kinda awful- UI ""upgrade"" isn't as nice as the origional- Mulitplayer servers are having a lot of issue with lag that make playing really sub par (MW *origionals servers are still up and have better pings)So to be fair what i was able to play wasn't bad, there did seem to be a storyline, but it isn't worth the sale price of $60.I would come back to the game if they fixed their frame rate issues, gave support to sli, and add local/ online splitscrean for zombies and mp.- until then, i will be hoping my return goes through."
,Not Recommended,292730,28380649,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hotsauce3000,want my money backmp games filled w blatant hacks......disapointing
76561198125574296,Not Recommended,292730,26460373,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,XxPRO90xX,"The entire game felt so much like an episode of startrek and was so repetitive with the scene where they all gather round the table in the space ship and ""space warp through time"" to their next destination and count down ""3...2...1"" it felt cheesy and got old quickly.Character deaths meant nothing because of no real connection.The villian in the game ""Jon snow"" as most know him by was WAY under utilised. He was in like 2 or 3 scenes in the game and that was it. And the scenes he was in were not long and had no real story to them.  Conor mcgregor (ufc) was also in the game.for one 2 second long scene in which he said nothing and did nothing.The final mission wasbuggy. 2 charactors had just bodies with no heads and level within a space station and all of the textures were invisible ..could only see enemies on levels above/below me but had to navigate my way through an invisible map in order to access where the enemies were until the next cut scene when everything returned to normal.Also The final credit roll after the game has an ""interactive charactor death dialog"" I guess you could call it. which was tediously boring and pointless beyond the fact you earn an acheivment at the end..who wants to do the ""dab"" on top of a cheeseburger in a food themed map for example?....thats what call of duty is now! lol.Go back to your roots CODMy review was much longer and more in depth but steam wouldnt let me post it. Just know, this game is bad, cod franchise is bad. and they need to take a couple year break and fix things before its to late. I don't recommend buying beyond the fact modern warfare remastered (bugs and all) has potential."
,Not Recommended,292730,28436392,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PewPew@rAge,"This game is basically a bad copy of Black ops 3, waste of money"
,Not Recommended,292730,26716679,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Richkiller,"Sadly, I have to put my thumb down and not recommending the game.The reason is that i feel IW has been abandoned.While you could find many gamemodes in Playstation and XBox such as the new Reinforce mode and other known modes such as Grind,Capture The Flag,Uplink,Search&Rescue and more, you will NOT find those modes in the PC verision (Only in private match).Some people will say there weren't many players in those gamemodes in pervious CODs, However, they could have bundled all those modes to a single playlist.With the addition of the canacled IW Beta to the PC, and the big delay on the PC update (They have made fixes for Captrue The Flag and Infected in it, but it's not even playable online...), I feel this verision has been abandoned,and cannot recommend the game.Another major con to the game is the deadly combination of Supply Drops and weapon varients. The Supply drops will become in one point or another to purchaseable with real money, and when that will happen, the people who will spend money will have access to more rare and better weapon varients, which could make the difference between dying and surviving. In other words, Pay to Win.With the fact that there are some varients which are only accessable through supply drops, this combination must be seperated.Don't get me wrong, I'm having fun with the game, but the PC verision is being prevented from accessing contant that the other verisions have.With such a high price, i would expect the full contant every other consule have.And above all, Looks like the pervious game in the series, Call Of Duty:Black ops III, has more players then Infinite Warfare. Personally, I find BO3 much better as it has a deep zombies mode, funnier MP, and free mod tools (Which means you can download custom maps and mods for free)I wish there were more people playing on the PC version of Infinite Warfare as well (and COD generally) , but how they can if this game is abandoned from the very beginning?"
76561198100788239,Not Recommended,292730,30157712,Posted: 24 February,all,SLOPPYMCFLOPPY,LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL EVEN ON THE FREE WEEKEND NOBODY'S PLAYING THIS HOT STEAMING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥0/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 WOULD WAIT 10 MINUTES FOR A MATCH IN TDM AND HAVE THE GAME CRASH IMMEDIATELY
,Not Recommended,292730,30211381,Posted: 26 February,all,Huskerr,"Good, but not good enough.CoD was better as a boots on the ground shooter."
,Not Recommended,292730,26595066,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gral,"Multiplayer is terrible, campaign is mediocre, the only redeeming quality about this game is that it's zombie mode is pretty decent. Def not worth 60$Modern Warfare Remastered is great besides that the single player does not have a FOV slider, only con about it is that you have to buy Infinite Warfare with it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26625365,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Blunter,COD needs to stop making games
76561198254932799,Not Recommended,292730,26496535,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Owilla,Decent game.Currently Unplayable.
76561197988372903,Not Recommended,292730,26437277,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[Dnap]Brick60,"Not worth the money, same old tired game nothing new dont waste your money"
76561198039710976,Not Recommended,292730,26437407,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,guinness_pete,"There's a lot of hate coming to this game from lots of people, not from me though, it's pretty much the same as all recent COD's have been the past few years, run and gun and have fun, well if that's your thing of course, i'm enjoying the single player so far, it's no classic but to be fair the last real great COD was Modern Warfare, the rest have been mainly more of the same with some gimmicks added on, no real problem with that as it works for its target comsumers, it's not a bad game, works well on my rig, i'm happy with it's performance any way, that said its still no classic, a steady FPS that proably will lose out to BF 1 long termwise, even though i dont think its worth the money for what it is as it was a present from my missus i'm not that bothered, anyway i'd say if you are a hardcore COD fan than you'll be happy for the most part, otherwise i'd say wait for a 'sale' or free weekend, a 6 out 10 for me"
76561198141399929,Not Recommended,292730,26442110,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hawkular,"Its a tough one! I have played COD since cod 3 and can call myself a cod fanboy. The way i see it is although the games are looking nicer each year its a bit like Toy story, you can never beat the classic film! the same in that with cod you cant beat the classic campaigns and multiplayer experiences which to me puts this game in a ditch because its a whole new load of characters that dont draw you in to the game.By all means buy this game but this will only go downhill."
76561198198071339,Recommended,292730,28727506,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,srfrogg23,"Full disclaimer:  I'm not a Call of Duty fan and I never have been, but this game is in a Sci-Fi setting with transitions from ground based FPS combat to Space Flight combat, which is what caught my attention.  I'm not interested in multiplayer and I am not concerned with pvp or zombies.  So, I don't really have an opinion about those aspects of the game.  I picked this up on sale.I'm loving it.  I'm only playing through the campaign, though.  It's like Michael Bay Explosion Porn with robots, spaceships, and guns.  It looks good and it's just fun.  I definitely think it's worth the $40 I spent on it.  I'm not under any illusion that it will be something I'm still playing a month from now, but it's good for what it is.The voice acting is good.  The graphics are nice, a little resource intensive though for my aging system, but nothing to keep me from enjoying it.  The space combat is a bit arcade-y, but the controls are intuitive and easy to use.  Not quite as involved as Elite: Dangerous, but it's still fun.It still runs pretty well almost on max-settings.  My computer is about 2 years old this year, so take that for what you will.It will be a nice filler of a Pop-corn Flick type of game while we wait for the release of Star Citizen."
76561198064375500,Not Recommended,292730,30132804,Posted: 23 February,all,ZigNet,Bad.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Franchise gone down the drain. id give it a -10 out of 10.
76561198132816095,Not Recommended,292730,26573729,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MastaSquid,"Get it on console, itll be more fun."
76561198065308232,Not Recommended,292730,26566882,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,^z,"Campaign 8.1/10Solid gameplay + wild A E S T H E T I C S. Story is very lacking, as you would expect in a Call of Duty campaign, but weapons, character models, and the jackel system was awesome!Multiplayer 7/10Not a huge fan of always having to aim straight into the air or wipping around to try and shoot a rat(player) sliding on the ground. Just your sub-par cod multiplayer. Very fast paced.Zombies 8/10For sure not as good as Black Ops Zombies but is still a fun thing to pass the time with friends. Has a in-depth easter egg that you can earn many ""wonder"" weapons, summon a boss, and play mini arcade games in the game. loads of content.At the end of the day its just a damn cod game, but this one is very very fast paced. Not worth the $80 for cod remastered, very buggy still."
76561198047633258,Not Recommended,292730,28381459,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,OROCHI_Q8,full of hacks bad maps ... i was hopeing u could of done batter . i think this is the last time im going to play call of duty
76561198082031846,Not Recommended,292730,26460432,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gay Ass Nigga,"On release day I was hypted for this game, but then I played it and realized it's dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is to inconsistent and needs a lot to fix it's issues.3/10 One of the worst CODs yet"
76561198164698516,Not Recommended,292730,26480200,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Durianade,So delighted to get COD4 remastered for a cheap price $109.99.
,Not Recommended,292730,26480350,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ernest,Isn't this game Star Wars? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- 10/10 shoots blue/red laser
,Not Recommended,292730,26480413,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bonfera1,You either play Deathmatch or deathmatch... other modes you'll wait 4everrefunded
76561198085637287,Not Recommended,292730,26477866,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,AlkoPolo,what a waste of money
76561198100739346,Not Recommended,292730,30778206,Posted: 27 March,all,YOBA FROM STAR MAN,"1st call of duty game is about the great world war 2 it could be taken seriously. latest call of duty, exo jumping and wall runing with your laser gun while an 8 year old is calling you a queer♥♥♥♥♥............ makes compleate ♥♥♥♥ing sense......... yep this is call of duty like it should be"
,Not Recommended,292730,30382887,Posted: 7 March,all,Yagami Kou,no
,Not Recommended,292730,26454302,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[MCSU]AndyHunto,Not allowing me to play on multiplayer. Have tryed everything i can to fix.
76561198054485129,Not Recommended,292730,26596156,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,K4,"Even overlooking the fact that its very difficult to hear footsteps in order to pinpoint the enemy's location, making my headphones + amp useless; even overlooking that since the player base has been reduced to joke levels, making joining different lobbies impossible (you will 90% of the time be paired with the same lobby you just left, over and over again); even overlooking that the game is indeed FUN TO PLAY ........... I cant recommend this game to anyone.Why do you ask?The cheaters.The devs didnt implement an anticheat measure or system in order to deal with hacker wannabes that use aimbot blatantly and without the need to hide it. As of now, the game is a cheater paradise without banning of any kind. They just ruined the game for me. One that I pay $60 to play multiplayer exclusively.I understand if the devs dont support anticheats in call of duty modern warfare 1 or black ops 1 simply because the games are old and not many people play them. But to just release a new game and dont care about the experience one can have when playing online against cheaters, is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥slap in your face by activision and infinity ward.Black ops 3 was great after many patches, and the devs were always on the lookout for cheaters and encouraging other players to do the same. This will probably be my last COD I will buy ever. I feel scammed."
,Recommended,292730,32607768,Posted: 20 June,all,acdcdave1387,"This is worth at least one play through. Frankly, it is mainly worth buying just for the awesome Modern Warfare Remaster.The story is decent and the voice acting is good. The ending though is very anti-climactic to me and left me feeling dissatisfied. There is at least a bonus Easter egg for us F1 fans because Lewis Hamilton has a small part in here but let's just say acting isn't in his future...The gameplay was surprisingly bad. Every Call of Duty game has just about one level that makes you pilot a vehicle of some kind. These are always my least favorite. I don't buy first person shooters for crappy, low quality vehicle simulation experiences. I always push myself through the vehicle levels as quick as I can so I can continue on with the cool story and the first person shooting action. In this one however, there is a HUGE emphasis on flying a space ship kind of like in Battlestar Galactica. It isn't bad but like I said, first person shooter...not flight sim...The level design makes up for the gameplay though. The planets and moons that you get to travel to are amazing to see in person if you are a fan of space like I am.All in all, not a 'bad' game so worth at least one play through."
,Not Recommended,292730,26462979,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Baba Yaga,"Dont buy, multiplayer is ridiculous and goes to same category with AW"
76561197971554405,Not Recommended,292730,26419869,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lionphire,"It's Ashame to see Infinity Ward, the creator of the Cod franchise.  fail to deliver an even playable game.  As far as the remastered MW,  they aced that. But every time I try to play IW,  The game stutters to no end or freeze. You  Would think Developers would have learned from the failior of Arkham Knights release.  Now customers Are stouch with waiting for a patch Or getting a refund. Bottom line Activision will loose money for this."
76561198206489144,Not Recommended,292730,26480495,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mikey cs.money,another year of cancer. yay
,Not Recommended,292730,26445880,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✪ erovvsky[A]`X-God =D,This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I tried to play this but Robots and other wierd stuff its not cod anymore...So ye spended that much money just for MW remastered... Good job IW
,Recommended,292730,30882521,Posted: 1 April,all,Encantador,"Finished this game in about 10 hours with all side missions. And you know what? Totally worth it!It is not less cinematic than any other CoD game, but planets, satellites, ships, asteroids, space is awesome! Gameplay itself more or less straight-forward, but the futuristic gadgets add a lot of fun to it. And quite a few pure space sim missions, which are quite arcade-ish, but very dynamic and visually beautiful.The single-player campaign is of optimal length, plays as one solid piece. The general storyline could be a bit twistier, though the characters are great, so is voice over performaces.Not sure about multiplayer, but single player is definitely recommended. Cannot name another solid shooter in space which would be close to this one.BTW here I play one of the side missions that do not spoil the main storyline:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-RiVrev4_U"
,Recommended,292730,33080866,Posted: 1 July,all,WalktexRanga,"SP: One of the better ones, decent story and fun gunplay and changes it up with the Jackals & Space missions with hook thingy.. Def worth a play through!MP: Stick to consoles, its very scarce player numbers, seems little anti-cheat & I am yet to find a zombie match..Technical: SP is capped to 125 fps and MP to 91fps, not very acceptable.. both also suffer from missing frames and stutter, very annoying. Otherwise not to bad looking etc for an aged engine."
,Not Recommended,292730,26608907,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Skoit,"I can only reccomend both MWR and IW if you like to buy games just to have them sit in your library,because NEITHER of them work, tried to refund when I was just a little over two hours but got denied. Now I'm stuck with a game that cant get past the loading screen and a game that ""closes the lobby"" before the match even starts, best purchase of my life."
76561198010124636,Not Recommended,292730,28110801,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,{DHC} Relentless,This game is horrible.  Too many hackers and game lobby is busted.  I want my $$ back.
76561198084184222,Not Recommended,292730,30133172,Posted: 23 February,all,Dr. Mar Ri Oh (ArTuRo),"The controls feel to soft, and the game has constant connection issues. I had to change my name to under 14 characters just to play. I was planing on buying this game since its on sale, and I heard the zombies is pretty good, but now HELL NO (Played during a free weekend)"
,Not Recommended,292730,26411476,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RayA97,How do you release a Triple A game that can't be run on low setting with a high end machine game is very poorly optimised but I am patient and give Dec a chance to realease a patch honestly it more poorly optimised then dayz and arms game atm lmao 😂😂 I get 0-40 fps no mater what I put my setting on specs of my PC are below I'm pretty sure my PC should run this fine if I get over 100fps on bf1 on Ultra settings. Just a disappointment.Ultimately I wouldn't recommend a purchase until a fix is releasedPC specsGtx 970Amd 835016gb ddr5 ram450gb ssd1tb wd drive
76561198242836398,Not Recommended,292730,30569908,Posted: 17 March,all,JohnyAbe,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,292730,26422647,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,5keppy,garbage
76561198038830866,Not Recommended,292730,26417858,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Razer,cucked
76561198219469019,Not Recommended,292730,28798976,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,flamethrower8888,"Coming from Black Ops II, this is the most disappointed I ever been ""upgrading"" from a game. BO2 used to be the last COD I could run on my crappy computer with radeon hd 7670m, but I bought a laptop with a gtx 1060, so I thought I might as well give this a try. While the graphics are nice, the gameplay is way worse the bo2. People jumping in the air all the time, pay-to-win supply drops, futuristic crap, etc. Graphics aren't everything, and is no where near as important as the gameplay itself. Total waste of money, and I can't refund it now that I've exceeded the 2 hour limit. It's sad to say I have a new computer but will continue to play a 2012 game due to how badly the new one sucked."
76561198000890558,Not Recommended,292730,30207459,Posted: 26 February,all,CRiM,Couldn't make it half way through an online match... Companys this bad should be banned from making video games.
76561198068436100,Not Recommended,292730,30176280,Posted: 25 February,all,The 1,rubish game dosnt even allow you to connect to a game it is a waste of money trust me dont get it
,Not Recommended,292730,30180690,Posted: 25 February,all,Los Bõllos Hermanos,.
,Not Recommended,292730,30151800,Posted: 24 February,all,KnightRyder364 | skinhub.com,"I played this on a free weekend. Only the multiplayer was available, so I will be speaking for the multiplayer aspect.I never found a game. Nobody plays this, and neither should you. Maybe the campaign or zombies are good, but multiplayer sucks."
76561197988164479,Not Recommended,292730,30155856,Posted: 24 February,all,Tornadostorm18,I should be able to play on medium however it won't even let me play on low. Horrible.
,Not Recommended,292730,30142989,Posted: 24 February,all,Zufick,♥♥♥♥ing freezes
76561198045322504,Not Recommended,292730,30163345,Posted: 25 February,all,Mek Medu,"Installed this sh*t for 8 hours and can't even start it, thanks for try guys love it."
76561198053384943,Not Recommended,292730,30198884,Posted: 26 February,all,Dat Mad Hardscoper,"This is the worst call of duty I've ever seen obviously even ghosts was better, I miss the good old bo3 and bo2 time"
,Not Recommended,292730,30180785,Posted: 25 February,all,FeRaL,"Seriously, an OVERWHELMINGLY NEGATIVE rating should be enough to drive you away from the game. It says that only 17% of 1,500 reviewers actually recommend the game, and none of them made the front page. All the reviews are negative.I remember when Call of Duty used to be fun. When it felt good to be the best amongst your friends when they came over to your house to play with you.What happened to THAT Call of Duty? This is the furthest thing from the Call of Dutys that put the series at its best and most proud moments. This is nothing like the ""good 'ole days.""Online is dead, and it's not hard to see why. The menus are cluttered with so many options that I tried to customize a gun and ended up almost buying a Season Pass... to a free weekend game. I didn't bother with the menus after that. The gameplay is like any other futuristic Call of Duty: jetpacks, wall running, and bullets that go through your enemies. Seriously, the hit detection in this game is worse than Black Ops 1. DLC already out means they knew they had an unfinished product and tried to capitalize on kids using their parents credit cards. The action is as cluttered as the menus with 700 things going on at once I ended up just sitting behind a box because I didnt know where I was going and the spawns flipped so fast.I didn't try the campaign because of reading the other reviews but I'll let you know what they said: cluttered, boring, forgettable, and predictable.Didn't try out Zombies because they locked it on a free weekend after downloading 40GB worth of data. Yeah, even Activision knows their game sucks and hid half of it from free weekend users.Save yourself even on a free weekend and go play that game sitting in your library you haven't touched but need the motivation to."
76561197970523373,Not Recommended,292730,30207965,Posted: 26 February,all,[BBF]fadedsteve,"Infinite Warfare is a poor mans Black Ops 3 more or less.  Everything IW does BO3 does better! The game was dead the second week of launch and has remained dead ever since.  Infinity Ward is also the worst developer of the 3 developers of COD now due to their whole staff leaving to create Respawn Entertainment.  Literally everything about this game is unremarkable, from the gameplay, to the color palate to the map design.  Its just not fun to play bottom line!I bought the bundel so I also have COD remastered.  Cod remastered is fun but its not a true remaster of COD 4! COD 4 ran butter smooth, this game suffers greatly from lag comp issues (whats new its COD), matchmaking issues, and over all frame drops and stuttering.  I have had to tweak my settings over n over again to try and find a somewhat playable balance.  Its fun dont get me wrong, but this game still is in beta form as far as optimization goes.  It just amazes me that these two games were released in their current states.  As of right now tho, I cant recommend buying this bundle at all! Infinite Warfare is terrible and not worth playing unless you get it for free or at a drastically reduced price.  Remastered however could be great if they fix the matchmaking, optimize it properly and release it as a stand alone.  The player count also is lower than games that have been out 4/5 years, but thats due to the fact it was bundled.  Once this game is available for purchase by itself I see it improving drastically."
,Not Recommended,292730,30185212,Posted: 25 February,all,mattspec,There is nothing i can do. I've downloaded 40GB for a menu which leads to a bunch of locks. zombies - locked. campaign - locked. multiplayer - many more menus which lead to nothing.
,Not Recommended,292730,30199125,Posted: 26 February,all,Naivii- 💪,What the hell is this sh*t?
,Not Recommended,292730,30165059,Posted: 25 February,all,atlasN7 #idling,Just no.
76561198282822221,Not Recommended,292730,30203977,Posted: 26 February,all,Tinkorn Hardfist,"This is a review from the free weekend. Scroll down for the short version.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a pretty ""ok"" game. I could only play the multiplayer because the so called ""free weekend"" doesn't allow you to play campaign or zombies if you haven't bought the game. At first I was suprised because I thought if it's a free weekend I should be able to try out everything. When I found out that I really can't I was a little angry so I went to multiplayer and I tried to get into some games but as the game was about to start an error would come up and throw me out of the game. Now that got me REALLY mad so I reinstalled the game but the problem didn't go away. When I looked more thoroughly in internet someone said that the error might be because of my name. If my name is longer than 15 characters then that might be causing the error. Like what the f. I shortend my name and it worked. If even that hand't worked I'd just give the game a negative review and uninstall.So how did I end up still not recommending the game? Well when I played the multiplayer, I'm not gonna lie, I had quite some fun. Now I see the issue that older CoD fans have with the game. I've played CoD Ghosts and I must say, Infinite Warfare does seem similar. The new jump pack and wall ride stuff is not bad, unless you miss your f-ing kill because someone took the the f-ing skies. The rigs offer some nice traits and payloads (Payloads are like limited time buff or special weapon that charges as you earn points and is lost if you die before it expires. Unless you die right as you use it.). I myself didn't have much use though 'cause I died quite often but of course that's a personal issue. All in all rigs don't matter that much but some are better than others in some specific builds. After a few hours of playing though things started getting quite repetitive. I played 95% of the time team death match and it seems to me like in most if not all of the maps I saw that snipers would be inefficient. I also rarely encounterd snipers. That's I think because the maps are tailored more toward run-and-gun type of combat, in which shotgun or smg work best. I'm not saying that assault rifles and LMG won't be good, but when I played with them I'd always get in close encounters because again the maps paths are so tight and the maps themselves are small.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So to make it short: It's not that bad as people say it is. I like the more simplistic approach like in every CoD game. It seems though that it always comes down to close encounters, which makes shotgun the easiest (as always) and probably best way to go. Because of that it could get repetitive and boring. That's why I don't recommend this game, at least at it's full price. If I ever consider buying this it has to be on a 50%+ sale."
,Not Recommended,292730,30167912,Posted: 25 February,all,itsGeneral,nononononononononononononononononoononononononoononono
,Not Recommended,292730,30155209,Posted: 24 February,all,Andy,"With the free weekend, you get to play the multiplayer of Infinite Warfare for 2-3 days.  Since I had some time to play the game and having experience with other Call of Dutys, I can say without a doubt that this is one of the weakest in the franchise.  I played black ops 3 on console, it felt nice but there was one thing that always bothered me ever since Call of Duty starting doing the whole future thing.  The guns, yes the guns lost its meaning after black ops 2.  Almost all guns have the same time to kill, dealing around the same DPS.  The guns never feel unique to their own degree.  Back in World at War or in Modern Warfare, almost every gun the in the game felt like its own thing.  Infinite Warfare has guns that has the same pew pew sound, lazer sounds that gets old after a while.And another thing thats getting old is the series itself.  Infinite Warfare doesn't seperate itself from the rest of the series or try to make itself unique.  It's pretty much Black ops 2.5, still having the same ""Supers"" you get to use 2-3 times a match.  The time I spent playing this game, I saw nothing refreshing and thats what Infinite warfare lacks, Identity and Uniqueness.  And with Microtransactions and DLC/Season passes, I don't see this game having a long life span for the PC.  Extremly short user base and most of the game-modes are dead besides TDM and maybe Infection.  I do not recommend this game at this state until Activision revamps their business.  Otherwise, this game will die like the other CoDs and will eventually be forgotten like Ghost.  Make DLCs free, optimize the game, stuff that will keep the game alive in the future and a reason to come back to it besides ""nostalgia"""
76561198215976392,Not Recommended,292730,30166663,Posted: 25 February,all,Iversen69,"this game is ♥♥♥♥n trash, dont let them trick you on 50% sale and free weekend  cause its ♥♥♥♥n♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198144962103,Not Recommended,292730,30155050,Posted: 24 February,all,Aku likes his pizza EXTRA THICC,"Aw, thanks for the free weekend Activi$ion and the newbie developers of Infinity Ward. You shouldn't have...No seriously, you shouldn't have given us the opportunity to torture ourselves with this incomplete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so unoptimized, it's a wonder why you even bother bringing it to the PC. Granted, your game is actually♥♥♥♥♥♥across all the available platforms; it certainly couldn't be more♥♥♥♥♥♥with this poor excuse of a CoD game. Awful map designs, awful weapon balance, awful graphical settings and optimization, and awful hit detection, and servers. I feel sorry for anyone who wasted their money for this game; Activi$ion and the new IW are giving you guys the ultimate middle finger. Hell, I even feel like I wasted time trying this game out. It's not even about saving your money anymore you guys; just save your time and leave this game alone."
76561198169654701,Not Recommended,292730,30154104,Posted: 24 February,all,JuiceSpringsteen,"Installed to try it for free, tried to join team death match 3 times, lost connection ever time, unistalled game, went back to Battlefield. Happy again."
,Not Recommended,292730,30176493,Posted: 25 February,all,Schnarlo,"Cant connect to a game, no matchmaking. Basically Black Ops 3 with more stupid futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and less balance. The Sound is Trash, Graphics are nice.Can you refund me the waste of electricity for playing it?"
76561198362495753,Not Recommended,292730,30154403,Posted: 24 February,all,Umar137,Terrible. Saw that it was avaialble to download and try for 2 days. Was reluctant at first because of all the negative reviews but thought id give it a shot anyway seeing as its free and with a glimmer of hope that it might have some enjoyable aspects. Once downloaded i played with the lowest expectations but still managed to find myself really disappointed. The movement feels clunky and the matchmaking system isnt balanced. The game itself felt ridiculous as i saw people flying all over the place. After 2 hours the servers were down and i cant join a match after 15 minutes trying. Honestly wanted to like this game but its terrible.
76561198144265311,Not Recommended,292730,29011616,Posted: 4 January,all,Adalwolf,"Just one thing....NO. It has a lot of potential, but spaceland zombies is WAY to stereotypical and dark, i cant see anything. The multiplayer is cool with the weapons but it is just black ops 3 in space, and the fact they still have no anti-cheat on PC is very bad. This game works for consle only because anti-cheat doesnt matter, but maybe next time i wont waste money getting this."
76561198239570202,Not Recommended,292730,28986992,Posted: 3 January,all,McLovin,"Firts of all i want to say that i am a fun of the call of duty franchise since 2009.In my experience in almost all the call of dutys i can say that this cod has a really nice gameplay,but it looks like it is unfinished for some reason...PROS:1.Nice Gameplay2.Story is not that bad3.There are updates4.Lots of bugs have been fixed since the release of the gameCONS:1.Bad Graphics2.Bad multiplayer team balancing system3.You easily find hackers5.No store for pc??!6.Not a lot of weapons7.U cant create your own emblem (says coming soon)8.FPS drops"
76561198354274718,Not Recommended,292730,28914316,Posted: 1 January,all,erickkalani,"honestly for certain gamers i see how this could be a good game but its like i feared, in terms of gameplay and such it's like advanced warfare except less 99% focus on exo suites. The game just feels way to dull and its extremely vague on controls i couldnt figure out the controls and i still don't know how to use lethals but in terms of  everything else it's still just a very unenjoyable game and i feel like I wasted money on this game and if i was given a chance for a refund i would not hesitate to take it because this game offers so much yet it makes it all seem so little because of the futuristic concept like advanced warfare and all and all i would sugest you save you'r money for asomething better cause this is a whole lot for not that much and what little there is there is very unenjoyable don't get me wrong i like the Call of duty franchise but it's gone done hill with all the new concepts that its brought to life and the idea of futuristic call of duty was good but they overdid it in my eyes here and ended up with a dull game that's only made the past games look like a good memory you wish you could relivew anew.As much as I'd hate to say it, I do not reccomend this game."
76561198069896891,Not Recommended,292730,30153055,Posted: 24 February,all,Wandal,Pls return 18 min of my life.- Worst COD.
,Not Recommended,292730,30176570,Posted: 25 February,all,SwippyOG ダニエル,If we where able to purchase MWR seperate Call of Duty would have made more profit lol. And would have made a lot of people happy. Call of Duty never listen to their communitie and that's exactly why no one likes the game now a days. So stupid
76561198034514002,Not Recommended,292730,30176428,Posted: 25 February,all,beWareWOLF,mindless sprayfest & no weapon balance
76561198098402285,Not Recommended,292730,29257461,Posted: 14 January,all,Septerra Core,"I love sci-fi, but this...Enemies that automatecly aims, target or otherwise follow you and ignore all other things, is creating a run and never stand still behind cover like a normal soldier and advance strategy.The story??mars as the bad guy and earth as good. Been there done that, dejavu.This is the worst game in the series so far, but it could have been the best as you rid yourself of all we are americans and we are always op. But no they went for that once again. apart from the standar clishe american ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t soldier talk and values, the game lacks depth in the story, not only how mars became so powerful, but the story in general is told in a very lacking way.negative:-story lacking depth-invisible becon on you so enemies always target you as primary-american soldier ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-lvl unlocking weapons in a single player-your team of 2-8 people always survive dispite taking on 200 soldiers-lack of female soldiers ""mars only use 50% of their population apparently""-bullets does not hurt huge botts in any way despite joints that makes it move is armored in kevlar or similar material, and   electric/energy weapons use emp effect, ""metal is a conductor""-flares in space (are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me)-warping huge ships makes a strategic nightmare for the story as a whole.-surviving in space with depleted oxygen-blow it all up, must happen every 5 seconds to keep the game interesting to not reveal the shorthcomings of the story.positive:-ship design-use of mission locations-design of planets vs reallity-use of ai in botts, and their role in humanity (exsept your teammate aka shitbott)The worst thing is that with a little bit of moderation, and no use of the american value and ♥♥♥♥♥alk. no america vs dictator. This would be a very good game, but they put sadam on mars and bush in geneve.new wikipedia entry: infinite warfare = when you play 2-8 mission in a call of duty game an realise you never gonna play it to the finnish."
76561198314707744,Not Recommended,292730,28999175,Posted: 3 January,all,Scoobs,Thumbs down untill multiplayer is fixed.
,Not Recommended,292730,30168552,Posted: 25 February,all,Pez,"this is by far the worst port i have ever played in my entire life, there is stuttering like every 2 seconds with every combo of graphics changed. i got this game for free, you would actually have to pay me to play again. plus jetpack cod is cancer anyways so youre really not missing out on anything by not being able to run the cancer port."
,Not Recommended,292730,30128283,Posted: 23 February,all,CKPBB,Well the game is good but not worth the 60$ not 30$ either I would have bought it if it cost 10$ maybe !!!
76561198057979495,Not Recommended,292730,26414084,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,supamariomite,I don't like how everything is tied to the supply drops. You don't earn enough keys per game to unlock supply drops and don't earn enough salvage per supply drop to unlock weapons. Its too much of a grind and I don't have 8+ hours every single day for the next 12 months to sink into infinite warfare.
76561198119583341,Not Recommended,292730,33889201,Posted: 29 July,all,dicky mickey tradeskinsfast.com,doesnt work it always crashes when i try to play multiplayer or the campaign
,Recommended,292730,30134619,Posted: 23 February,all,{LEO} 3CH0PL3X,I actually prefer IW over AW. Haven't played it long but i really enjoy the controls and such far more. Runs better than AW as well.
,Not Recommended,292730,26441433,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JPCarl,"This a multiplayer review.  I purchased CoD: IW for MP.  If you are of the same mind of me, pass this one up.  MP is terrible.  Spawn points are non-existent and make no rhyme or reason.  They are obscenely random.  Remember World at War?  Yeah, worse than that.  Myself and another player literally watched and enemy player spawn in midair right in front of us.  Want to spawn on the side with your team?  Too bad.  You will spawn on the other side of the map and run right into about 5 enemy players.  The graphics are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Really IW?  That is the best you got?  It looks like a PS3 title.  Keep in mind, I am running an i7 6850k and a GTX 1080.  Everything is maxed and the game still looks like trash.  Maps are poorly designed.  There are more 90 degree turns than any CoD I have every played.  Prepare for a whole lot of camping.  Weapons are poorly balanced and hit detection is terrible.  Mechanicly, everything is identical to BLOPS 3 except in the case of IW, everything is slow and clunky and poorly implemented.  Do not waste your time on this CoD.  Go play Battlefield 1 or Skyrim Remastered.  This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥box of a game is not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,292730,30170840,Posted: 25 February,all,Silvan,100%♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198132778366,Not Recommended,292730,26427608,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Do you like Mudkips?,Game just keeps crashing dont buy
,Not Recommended,292730,30230496,Posted: 27 February,all,Interjkeee,"1. Launching the game.2. Shaders Pre-load.3. Acsess to multiplayer denied (update is required)4. Downloading the update ( 0 bytes).5. Gameplay: cutted version of B03. ♥♥♥♥ing chaos on maps (small maps).6. More like ""Boots on the ground"". ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Same as BO3 and ever more (lower cooldown on jetpacks)7. Awful optimization (AMD 1090T 6-core boosted to 3.6Ghz, 8GB DDR-1333 RAM, ASUS STRIX GTX 980), often fps drops.8. Maximum SOAP at default (blur, film grain, DoF etc.)"
,Not Recommended,292730,26441367,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,El Diablo Gato,"Running a 1080 GTX with i7-6700K and 16 Gb of Ram, and this game won't even get past the first few seconds of the first level... Even in the Menu Screens I'm getting massive sound issues as well... Game is just plain broken.BO3 no problems running on it's highest settings,"
,Not Recommended,292730,30170649,Posted: 25 February,all,saaya,"massive downloadwhen launching the game its downloading MOREbut then everything is locked, except for multiplayerno tutorialbot matches are useless (ai is ridiculous)everybody is playing team deathmatchterrible matchmaking/pairing (pros+noobs mixed)= HUGE WASTE OF TIMEThis is the worst way to get started in a new game...WHAT WHERE THEY THINKING??? hahahait must have been some business idiot in a suit who never played COD in his life who came up with this FREE WEEKEND BUT LETS LOCK EVERYTHING EXCEPT FOR MULTIPLAYER ideaAbout the actual gameplay:physics feel terriblegame doesnt feel smootheverything feels laggy and unresponsive and slowjumping, sprinting, jetpacking all feels very weirdweapon aim feels weird"
,Not Recommended,292730,30211274,Posted: 26 February,all,Twitch.tv/jforce游戏,Exactly like BO3 with a few tweaks and changes.Refunded it a few hours after i purchased it on its release date.But got time to write a review now.I really hate futurisitc call of duty.Call of duty was my favourite game since BO2 and it's the game that introduced me into FPS shooter.But it dissapoint me after AW.Hope the next call of duty will be back in those old modern days shooter.
,Not Recommended,292730,30160767,Posted: 25 February,all,Sverlilo,Nobody play this s  h  i  t.(Free Weekend)
,Not Recommended,292730,30203761,Posted: 26 February,all,Adomas,"I played this game on the free weekend and it seems only Multiplayer is free to try. When I choose Campaign, I get a message ""You don't own this content. Buy it on Steam Store"". I'm not very much into Multiplayer games, I always prefer Single Player experience, but this time I tried it out. What can I say, it's simply not fun to play. For me personally Advanced Warfare had more fun Multiplayer gameplay. I do not recommend this game, because Multiplayer is simply not good. Not sure about campaign, it might be worth the money and time."
76561198107075061,Not Recommended,292730,30160516,Posted: 24 February,all,DILWALE_BEAST,dnt buy it its a dead game ....
,Not Recommended,292730,26442721,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BlueLotus131,Never preorder any Call of Duty product.
,Not Recommended,292730,30128119,Posted: 23 February,all,Allstate - You're in Good Hands,"It's not an awful game, but when you compare it to the other COD's, this game is a massive piece of garbage. The futuristic stuff is boring compared to MW2, or BL1, for example. You can only find full multiplayer games in Team Deathmatch, even on the free weekend. Also, the community is extremely toxic. The first game I'm in, there are people talking about how they will ""♥♥♥♥ your mom"", you know, the typical COD player insults, to other players, all because this one guy claimed that half the lobby was hacking because he was doing bad. I wish that COD would just go back to it's normal stuff, no more futuristic crap."
,Not Recommended,292730,30153438,Posted: 24 February,all,ESKADIVI,"As free to play game, it's decent."
76561198325231582,Not Recommended,292730,30208566,Posted: 26 February,all,[BigBollock] IcaruS 🅱 CS.MONE,wowe didnt think the game could be as bad as the reviews say but i have been proven wrong. Nice free weekend btw  cant even play half the game
44444442222222000,Not Recommended,292730,28353157,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Stinky Bean Soup,"This game so so BS. How is this even AAA? Its so poorly optimized, that on a GTX 1080, I cant get consistent 60+ frames. WTF kind of game in 2016-2017 cant do basic things like 60+ fps on pc? Activision is a terrible company and they are ruining a franchise that was once good. Dont waste you're time and money on this pile of garbage like I did."
,Not Recommended,292730,30174124,Posted: 25 February,all,Baron Bogisan,I want a refund. No questions
76561198028406276,Not Recommended,292730,29491304,Posted: 25 January,all,BOHICA,Biggest crock of CRAP!!!  Cheaters are every where and nothing be done about it. Waste of money!!!
76561198042442800,Not Recommended,292730,29916748,Posted: 14 February,all,zlonghorns,"Gees where do I begin with this game. I guess I'll start by saying if you're looking for a well crafted and fun online multyplayer experience I can not recommend this title. This is why I will not be recommending this game because I feel that the core reason for anyone to pick up a Call of Duty title is for the multiplayer. So if this is what you are looking for then no do not buy this game. I will explain why the multiplayer is lacking after I talk about the shining factor of this game which is the singleplayer and zombies.I felt the singleplayer was fun for what it was. No, you're not going to get a Witcher 3 level story here but I will say that I enjoyed it way better than Battlefield 1's singleplayer. IW's singleplayer is like the recently released ""xXx"". If you didnt enjoy the previous ones then this will be a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. I will say this game had some really cool and stunning sequences as well as some all around good visuals. Plus, if you get the legacy bundle then you get one of the best CoD SPs remasterd. Infinty Ward did add in some cool new ideas into the singleplayer as well like side quests and jackal fights in space, which were pretty enjoyable. The jackal fights did get very repetitive after the first few but all around a very fun addition.As for zombies theres really not a lot I can say as I'm not very big into zombies. Although, I will say that this was the first time zombies felt accessible to me and the easter egg do-able. If you werent really big into Treyarchs zombies, this is a good alternative and is a fun experience.Okay now the multiplayer. First off, the supply drop system is complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and is a cancer to the series. Yet, it ♥♥♥♥ing rakes in a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money so its not going anywhere saddly. I do feel the movement system is a lot more tame than Bo3 but sadly it doesn't matter because the size of the maps feel a lot smaller the Bo3 maps. With the mp maps feeling so tight and small, its pretty easy to be suprised by someone 30 feet above you, flying through the air imo. I also feel a lot of gamemodes got cut as well, athough, it's no suprise considering how small the playerbase is on PC or really the game in general considering everyone is going back and playing Bo3. MWR is the same way. Matchmaking is a joke. In the core gamemodes the hit reg is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥so I mainly stick to HC, when I can find a game that is. Weapon variants are dumb and always will be. The rigs and payloads system seems like it was ripped straight from Bo3 with only a few new abilities and tweaks. They didn't even feel the need to change the HUD icon for when a payload is ready. I know game development is stupidly hard, especially with a fan base as cancerous as this one, but I mean you seriously coudn't change the HUD icon for when a payload is ready? People see that and say ""Bo3 clone"" because that is what it looks like a face value guys. You could've made it a ♥♥♥♥in square for all I care but keeping it like that just makes it look like you're lazy and playing it safe. Thats really the main downfall of this games multiplayer. I feel as though Infinty Ward saw all of the backlash that the community was giving and decided just to play it safe and make it through another year. Plus, nothing says lazy and greedy like not even fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs from launch and adding in 500 ♥♥♥♥ING items to supply drops. If i scroll over to see people's k/d in a lobby and go back, the ♥♥♥♥ing ""match summary"" buttons text shifts off the ♥♥♥♥ing button, I mean do you even care about the PC playerbase? If you do you really have a poor way of showing it. Buttom line, multiplayer was a dissapointment this year and i can not reccomend this game. However, if you've enjoyed past CoD SPs then you'll enjoy this one. When it finally goes on sale in 10 years then maybe get it lmao."
76561198147915598,Not Recommended,292730,30251139,Posted: 28 February,all,Kid Scumpy,"this game is dead no one plays it. zombies is alright but takes 30 mins just to find one person and 3 days to find the second, the third... there in no third one. ohh and also no one plays this game so why bother trying too look for a game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30210898,Posted: 26 February,all,Konfuze,"Tried this game during the 'free' weekend.Made me download 40GB, just so I could play the multiplayer only all other options are blocked.Multiplayer itself is okay, just a reskin just like all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥Call of Duties.10/10 would uninstall again."
,Not Recommended,292730,30193186,Posted: 26 February,all,Vitdom,"Posted: 26 Feb @ 12:22pmThe game is broken.Crash / Freeze if:* Change certain settings* Load into a level* Go back to main menuReviewed again 30th JulySame problem, the developers aren't even trying to make their game work properly.Review is updated and I strongly discourage anyone from paying for this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30147388,Posted: 24 February,all,cNorrisUltraRadicalExterminator,"Worst COD ever! MW R its pretty good, this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26454210,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,B0ne.,"I wouldn't recommend buying the game if you want to play it for the MULTIPLAYER. Havent yet played the singleplayer. So  can't say anything on that part, but multiplayer is where most people use their time. But zombie mod tho!!!! OMG i havent had this much fun in a COD game in a loooong time (Havent played BO3 zombie mode. regret it now tho) The 80s style zombie mode is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast to play! Can't even explain to friends how cool it is and probably cant explain it here. It's something you have to experience yourself! Just be ready for a 80s neon and laser party!EDIT 1:I've played the singleplayer now. Not really impressed. it has some good moments but not enough to compensate for all the things that bring the game down. Feels like a copy.... again..mediocre/10"
76561198088803025,Not Recommended,292730,29431142,Posted: 22 January,all,SEPTICGOAT,"I bought this game just 3 days ago and  it was Fu****ing trash i dont even know how games say 10/10 or 5/5 when the game is complete Sh** the only thing ""infinite"" about it is that it is a waste of money"
,Not Recommended,292730,30130319,Posted: 23 February,all,Jeremyy,"Played free weekend, its like they took black ops 3 and said, ""♥♥♥♥ me up"". There are lots of copied mechanics and things from the previous game that makes this♥♥♥♥♥ And i thought black ops 3 was ok ish."
76561198006990482,Not Recommended,292730,30130388,Posted: 23 February,all,Street Thug,"Buggy pile of trash, tried during free weekend and couldn't even load the level with everyone in the lobby. Freezes when graphics settings are changed, thanks Infinity Ward. Uninstalling now."
,Not Recommended,292730,30148453,Posted: 24 February,all,Spaceman,Time enjoyed is not time wasted. I did not enjoy this.
,Not Recommended,292730,30227546,Posted: 27 February,all,williamxb,Twice the price for the same game as last year.
76561198346878356,Not Recommended,292730,30227306,Posted: 27 February,all,bradthebad123,played free multiplyer weekend there were server isues/host migrations played about 10 matches disconnected 3 times( isues were not my end) not exactly a great ad.
76561198033982667,Not Recommended,292730,30227464,Posted: 27 February,all,Elva BoSs BY 23,Im really dissapointed :(
76561198188259563,Not Recommended,292730,26617210,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Send This Plank Nudes 🇬🇧💯,"Dont bother buying this game unless you only want to play the campaign, the multiplayer is riddled with hackers, 9/10 games you will find an aimbotter, i would say just wait for acvitvision to do something but its been like this since release and still nothing has been done about it, no anti-cheat no VAC so dont bother wasting your money to be sprayed down as soon as you spawn, this goes for both infinite warfare and modern warfare remaster"
76561197995340601,Not Recommended,292730,26759373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZmesleR_[PL],WTF is this? I played all COD games before but none was as crap as this one. FFA maps are super tiny. WTF with those robots? Refunded.....
76561197969565822,Not Recommended,292730,26525385,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,"Schlumpf, yo!","There are already a lot of detailled reviews about this game, and i can confirm the negative ones.- MP is buggy and just doesn't feel right- MP is laggy- Community is already dead (8200 player not even one week after release)- Performance of MWR is very badBut the singleplayer is really enjoyable. Very short (as always), but ok.Well, at least i learned my lesson about the whole ""Remember, no preorders"" thing."
76561198323459129,Not Recommended,292730,26528452,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,็็็,bad game for all  timei cant play like bot dudecall of duty dead :(
76561198059918034,Not Recommended,292730,26528748,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dad,0.7 hours wasted.MWR= life
76561198092410377,Not Recommended,292730,26561856,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MasterBray23,Sound Doesnt Work :(
76561198008632306,Not Recommended,292730,26595807,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Brin,Multiplayer does not work for remastered.
,Not Recommended,292730,26651444,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dr.EarthWormBarry,refund/10 can't play either games.
,Not Recommended,292730,26679466,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sunnyy,"Titanfall 2 is a much better FPS. This is the first year I won't be putting 100+ hours into a Call of Duty.( at least not the newest one. I still play BO2 on my 360. )Honestly in my opinion this is the worst multiplayer in a CoD since Ghosts. Unbalanced, most p2w out of any CoD & overall it's just not fun compaired to other CoDs.Campaign is better than BO3, and AW but is still lackluster in content. Story is good, just very short.( did you expect anything less from CoD? )Zombies is fun and feels like BO3 zombies, but for the second year in a row, there is only 1 map. Huge disapointment. Maybe DLC will make more good maps, but thats more $ out of your wallet.In short: Even as a huge CoD fan, this game is not worth the $80 CAD, yet alone the $130 CAD with seasons pass. I bought this game to get CoD 4 remastered ( which i found out is also poo ) Worst purchace in a while."
,Not Recommended,292730,26684618,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Twisty Reaper,♥♥♥♥ING FIX MWR JESUS! Getting only 25-45 frames when i can play damn the main♥♥♥♥♥♥game Infinite on ultra with 60+ all the time is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash ♥♥♥♥.
76561198011978548,Not Recommended,292730,26728807,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,0311 Blurr,This game motivated me to uninstall the game from my pc.  10/10 for motivation!
76561198024808168,Not Recommended,292730,26753526,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lammas,"Do yourself a favor. Shut down Steam, log into your Origin account and go buy Titanfall 2 with the money you are thinking about spending here.This game is pure garbage on PC."
,Not Recommended,292730,26509061,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Napp,COD has been getting worse since BO3. Onlyy have for MWR. which is amazing. Not worth the price for MWR.
76561197965503699,Not Recommended,292730,26646165,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BigBrother,"Let it be known, that I've always been, (and will probably continue to be,) a fan of Call of Duty games..But this is by FAR the worst multiplayer game in the series! Hands down awefull! WAY to quick, way to open, nothing similar to strategic overlay, its all about getting the most bullets out of your gun per sec, and hoping you dont get shot in the back after each kill.. The maps are redicculously small, the guns insanely precise and everyone spawns so close to one another, you WILL be shot in the back at least every second time you die!The singleplayer is very wellmade and worth a playthrough or two, but Call of Duty has always been about the multiplayer for me.. Without multiplayer its just a very overprized singleplayer campaign game..I had very high hopes for the remake of Modern Warfare, which is my absolute favorite, but sadly the remake reminds me a lot more of CounterStrike Source, (the new version not the old,) and I'm afraid the 8-900 players it has been able to muster, while I've been playing, are going to be in for continued frustrations from clunky game mechanics, massive delays and odd errors, where you can't change class or even options between battles...Unless you like me gotta have it for your collection, have money to spare and time enough to waste on hair-pulling frustration, don't buy this game.I give it a maximum of 3 months before hardly anyone is playing it anymore, you can't find a decent server with players from your continent and you severely regrets your purchase..NOT RECOMMENDED!"
76561198012036914,Not Recommended,292730,26462437,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Fox-ST,"Let me preface this by saying I've been playing COD games since I was a kid. I used to love these games, especially the modern warfare series. On to my review:I enjoyed the singleplayer but it was short. Could have expanded the story, added a few more things and it probobly would have been great. I dont find the multiplayer fun but thats just me. Zombies is ok, didnt feel like anything was really cool or new there. Graphics are decent, I ran everything at the highest levels.Ultimately, I give a thumbs down as I'm confused to how this game warrents a $60 price tage + a $40 dollar season pass. $100 bucks? Really? There are early access games on here that cost $20 with more gameplay and content than this. Enjoy that $60 bucks IW, its the last dime youll get from me."
,Not Recommended,292730,26464369,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stevers,"There's a bug where in in game mute wont work, so if you having a raging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in your group you're stuck with them or leave. Harshes my mellow.If or whenever that's fixed I think the game is fine and enjoyable enough."
,Not Recommended,292730,26496981,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,krasnal,"another poor quality product from infinity ward. refund.permanent mouse accel, 90 fps lock?! which half-wit makes such decisions? you may uninstall him now. fire your marketing dept and try to make a game for gamers, not for sales only."
76561198043798451,Not Recommended,292730,26498672,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DrunkenPolack,This game runs horrible.  My FPS in multiplayer drops so badly the game comes to a halt on my 1080.  Go buy Titanfall 2 or something.
76561198047323460,Not Recommended,292730,26499774,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HayateDragon,Getting refund. Both MW and IW feel sluggish as hell i would not recommned getting it. The game feels slow pace even tho its fast.  It is not opt well for PC IMO
,Not Recommended,292730,26528939,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CocoLocoDiscoMan,"Infinite WarfareThe single player was fun, lacking, but fun. It is tries to be interesting by being in space, and I appriciate that. However, this is call of duty. Every new aspect they touched still felt like it was cheaply implemented (or should I say not fleshed out to the point of satisfaction). I can't really complain about it more than that it felt dull for being a 60€ game.I would recommend buying this gameIFit was a 20€ game. I'm not going to touch the multi-player as this part has become, simply put, bad for the series.Modern Warfare RemasteredI can really only say one thing at the current state the game is in: Please stop making games. Just please. STOP IT. As is, the game has grand issues with connectivity as well as FPS lags and stutters (I'm having a Titan X as well as better than recommended specs in everything else). But also other things that I will bring up below.Now, you might say""Oh, a remaster of the LEGENDARY CoD 4 I NEED TO HAVE IT NAOW!"", and I would agree. However this game has only turned for the worse in my opinion. Sure, you have better graphics, animations etc. but the removal of dedicated serversWITHexp support, amongst other things is just bad. Basically CoD 4 Remaster feels like any other CoD, without customization of how you want to play. It is more forced to howTHEY(the developers) want you to play the game and less about howWE(the gamers, customers) want to play the game. Me for instance loved to play on servers without stun grenades (as I personally hate that kind of mechanic) and I could do that on certain servers in the good old CoD 4. Now I'm forced to play on a 12 player server with everything enabled. That brings me to another point; the player count. I loved that you could either just cramp up the whole map with lots of players, or keep it spacious with just a few players. This isn't possible anymore. They essentially removed the only really good functionality to the CoD 4 series (my opinion of course). I also believe that they have reduced the skill cap in this game compared to CoD 4 (which isn't much, but still), I'm not sure however so don't take my word for it.SummaryIt's sad to say that I won't recommend getting this game at all. I mean, not even for 50% off. The disappointment is too big. Buy CoD 4 instead if you don't already have it.I feel like the call of duty team should focus their energy on recursive algorithms instead, as that will be just as interesting as playing their games nowadays. I mean they won't need dedicated servers nor space ships with recursive algorithms. They just need to keep it simple (which I know that they can do, as they have done it for quite some time now)."
,Not Recommended,292730,27005356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BadKnightLv01,It's'♥♥♥♥♥♥ Generic Call of Duty bla bla bal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not very fun. Only got it because I sold all my CSGO skins and had big bank in my steam account. Waste of money.
76561198053136218,Not Recommended,292730,27342872,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,El Papu,"Hackers !!!!   it seems that this guys sell their own hacks, becouse the anticheat system (if exists one) doesn´t detect the hacks that u pay fot them. I´ve seen some website that offers hacks. So this game still being a♥♥♥♥♥♥too."
76561197965769863,Not Recommended,292730,27737206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tbonesteak,"muliplayer never find enough people to start one game, sucks"
,Not Recommended,292730,28253316,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,"If you really like sci-fi space theme shooting, this is the game for youbut if not, stay away from this game it actully not a COD anymore"
,Not Recommended,292730,28261870,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[UK] Butsys410,"I have given up on the franchise. i thought i would give them another chance, and i did give this game a good try, but theres some things that are really just not right. (Only played Multiplayer)I feel like they have taken some of the best points of BO3 and tried to impliment them into this game.Things i like-~The weapon customization~all of the attatchments are pretty good, things like optics and stuff.~The gun play is pretty good, and kills feel satisfying.Things i dont like-~I feel like everything is very long winded, like theyre trying to squeeze every last hour of playtime out of you, (i.e. Keys to open supply drops) and if you want to get anything beyond diamond camo... youl probably rack up thousands of hours... 200 kills, and THEN you can go for your 160 headshots.... like come on...~Supply drops themselves, and the weapon varients, if they ever make it so that you can *buy keys* the game will litterally be *pay to win*"
,Not Recommended,292730,28297815,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,dd,"Bad game, too glitchy, no variety, no fun"
,Not Recommended,292730,28336249,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Stabby McDamage,"This game is truly disappointing.The single player: combat is lackluster, story is excrutiating, and it's way shorter than any other COD game.The multi player: No innovation, plenty of hackers, and overall nothing that games like Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1 don't do better.The price gouging: Modern Warfare Remastered is NOT included at the $60 price point (!). For a while, COD games have had ""neutered"" standard editions where DLC is all but required, but this game takes it to a new level. Don't reward them.IT'S NOT WORTH IT."
76561198045631504,Not Recommended,292730,28502689,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Crios,Just do yourself a favour and don't get this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,28521176,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Danactos,"Story is fun and filled with the usual Michael Bay explosions and machine gun fire. Multiplayer could be fun, if it wasn't for cheaters in both Modern Warfare Remastered and Infinite Warfare. As a Call of Duty fan, I have to say that I don't think that I will ever buy a newly released PC version of CoD again. If I ever by another newly released Call of Duty game, it will be on console. At least on consoles, it is harder for someone to get access to cheating tools. Another benefit that console players have is that at least you can compete in CWL (Call of Duty World League) Sanctioned events. PC players don't qualify for the competition and that sucks. It pains me to say that I would rather get CoD on a console, because my first competitive first person shooter experience was born on the PC. I love the way I can snap onto an enemy using the good old mouse and keyboard. Even though I will be playing CoD on consoles from now on, I can still come back and play some counter strike and team fortress 2.As far as the quality of the game and the replayability, it is the same old Call of Duty with some changed mechanics to how multiplayer feels. The core gameplay is the same, but the paint is different. The movement systems feels a bit like you are wearing weights on your feet. I think they did that on purpose because people keep using the phrase ""boots on the ground."" I like this game, but please, for the love of God, do not buy another game from these people for the PC. Go out and buy an Xbox One or a Playstation 4 if you really, truly want to keep playing this game. The population of users on the PC is pathetic. And that really sucks, since Modern Warfare Remastered has been awesome. However, they did add supply drops to Modern Warfare Remastered. That does suck, but for the people that really get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about that, I advise you to find another game to play. There is a new WWII shooter called ""Days of War"" coming out soon. Check out the trailers on youtube. It is possible that ""Days of War"" will be my Modern Warfare Remastered replacement.OVERALL VERDICT: It's fun if you like Call of Duty. It's not fun if you don't like Call of Duty. Please don't waste your money on the PC version of the game. Just please don't. You will regret it if you do. Guaranteed."
76561198001250612,Not Recommended,292730,27998628,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ravenfrozen,"I have tried to like this, I have brought each call of duty but this is the first I have disliked the game.The single player was average at best. I could not feel connected with the characters and the gameplay felt a lot to be desired. They could of done so much more with the missions but they felt half done.As for the multiplayer it felt clunky and slow. I would recommend Titan Fall 2 instead."
76561198116300787,Not Recommended,292730,27913416,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BiBatman,IT SUCKED♥♥♥♥♥:)
76561198135669420,Not Recommended,292730,28019341,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Targ,"Waste of money, Cant find a match to save your life unless you want to wait 30 minutes, the game is dead."
,Not Recommended,292730,26482686,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Terpy Panda,"IW is the worst cod I have ever touched. And COD 4 RM has too many problems for me to even consider playing anymore. Stuttering issues, poor connection issues, and the game is dead. Why would I only want to play tdm and dom 24/7? Domination doesnt even get full lobbies every time. Dont waste your money on this junk. A minor developing team could've made a better game than this."
,Not Recommended,292730,26481642,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SasoriJk,"Console port, bad mouse settings, I had to remove antivirus to get into a game. It felt like Call of duty ghost all over again but this time I can atleast get steam refund."
76561198128716603,Not Recommended,292730,26495178,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Pokimane,"The Story of the Campain was decent, nicely done, other then that, zombies was really laggy sometimes often crashes, multiplayer is stupid, mostly pay to win, sometimes hackers that ♥♥♥♥ with the gameplay, not really woth the money to play this trash game."
,Not Recommended,292730,28130214,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Konaa,"Holy hell, I played one round and didn't even finish it. This game feels slow and moves like you are stuck in tar. The audio is absolutely awful. The fake laser sounds in the old star trek movies was better. This is 2016 and Call of Duty has take more steps back in quality that Bad Rats sounds like a better game. Never would I ever recommend anyone to buy this.....save yourselves"
76561197991776027,Not Recommended,292730,28132851,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,icland15,cannot load passed loading screens and joining multiplayer
76561197977619350,Not Recommended,292730,26426274,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wispy,"This is one of those games where on the PS4 / Xbox 1 I would probably be a pretty good game. It is your standard yearly edition of COD with new maps and weapons. Nothing really new to see here. The main problem is that it's clearly not optimized for the PC. If you're going to get it, get it for the console."
76561198129976295,Not Recommended,292730,30165925,Posted: 25 February,all,ReddM,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game It won't even let me go online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Vandahar ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥devs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥Infinite warfare its not even working
,Not Recommended,292730,26426268,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,{Change},"So I bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Deluxe Edition because I'm a fan of the series but I have spent 2 days trying to get the game to even let my change 1 of the settings! I have yet to get into the game so I'm going to reinstall it and try all this again... not happy I was so happy for the realase but I CAN'T EVEN PLAY A SINGLE MATCH!!!!Game Crashes When:•Going to Previse Menus•Changing ANY setting•Being in the menu to long•Going a public gameOther Problems:•Everytime I join a lobby I get ""Lobby Closed"" error•Doesn't default to the right monitor•Background goes black•Fullscreen mode doesn't workFixes I Found:•If you put it in compatibility mode for ""Windows 8"" you can switch settings.Pros:•I get to listen to background music long the game is crashing"
76561198010083745,Not Recommended,292730,26426653,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AdamNovels,"I want to be able say this game is fun or not, but I can't find a match to save my life. It's been a while since I've come back to the PC community for CoD, however, it's Cod! I shouldn't be sitting for several minutes waiting for a match to be put together. Not on release day. My internet works just fine with Battlefield 1, so I think it's safe to say it's not latency issues. Oh, and my rig is just fine (RX 480 gphx card; Battlefield 1 on Ultra no problem).I'm going to give this a ""Not Recommended"" until issue(s) are resolved, which I hope is soon!"
76561198037475141,Not Recommended,292730,30159486,Posted: 24 February,all,DACHWOO,sooooo bad
,Not Recommended,292730,30159495,Posted: 24 February,all,azenfumoffu!,"I GOT THIS GAME WITH THE FREE WEEKEND, HOW CAN I REFUND IT?"
,Not Recommended,292730,26417745,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ShadowLucifer,First off I don't write reviews often if I do you know to take it seriously because it is either really good or really bad. You know I love COD it is a great franchise. That being said this was the first time I didnt really want to preorder yet out of misplaced optimism I did. This game is a POS. Slow and clunky as mentioned in another review. Like the mechanics remind me of Golden Eye for N64 its just slow and sluggish to say the least extremely disappointed. If it wasnt for my OCD that requires me to have every game in a franchise for every system I game on I would refund this in 2 seconds. I am gonna continue to play maybe it gets better. However I would not recommend it at this point. I have only played multiplayer and will update accordingly but for those people that give a review saying it is like COD for me this is nothing like COD this is a whole new level of garabage.
,Not Recommended,292730,28423823,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tucker1975,This game is just rubbish poor campign too many space battles and as for the MP gee Titanfall 2 does a better job ..PC gamer gave this 48%During the campign it just stops the action middle of  shooting sometimes to load next part .  Only game that did that Half Life 2 but that years old. With 16 gig of ram and  a GTX 970 I would it to load with no stopping.  Titanfall 2 does not stop for loading while you in the middle of action.The MP is just respawn you dead not enjoyable at all.plus £40 for a seasson pass?   waste of money just don`t bother .
,Not Recommended,292730,31728151,Posted: 13 May,all,D R U,"Just all around didn't like it, from the bugs to the actual game. I tried to like it, I tried to play it, I failed. It's not that this is a terrible game, it just has WAY too much going on, and feels very repetitive. Got it on Day 1, played more of the single player than I did the actual game. If you're a fan of the series I could see you liking it, but me, meh, not a CoD guy."
76561198164371956,Not Recommended,292730,27279865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,trOxzy CSGOROLL.com,♥♥♥♥♥i game dont buy it i sold my cs knife to buy this sh*t game it lagging sh*t soo dunt buy
76561198071316542,Not Recommended,292730,28281301,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RedFox_0,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR PC!!!!!!!!!there are many bugs that still haven't been fix and i've had this game since day it came outmuiltplayer is terrible you can barely find a lobby to join and the campagin has may bugs that may not allow the progression further
,Not Recommended,292730,30136739,Posted: 24 February,all,Mikeo,"It's free for the weekend, which seems to be the right price."
,Not Recommended,292730,30191881,Posted: 26 February,all,Popopopper,"Before I start, I'd like to say that (1) this is my first time playing any CoD game, and (2) I came from playing mostly Titanfall, TF2, and Overwatch.Unfortunately, there really wasn't much I like about the game. The game it felt most similar to was Titanfall 2, but even then it's only a very slight similarity.I'll start off with the movement system. Just like Titanfall 2, CoD has wall runs, slides, sprints, and of course normal running. In place of double jumps, though, CoD has a jetpack thing. However, the movement system in Titanfall 2 is much, MUCH smoother and more fluid. In CoD the fastest I could really go is by sliding, but you can't chain slides, and they only last for a second or so. Overall it kinda just felt like I was sprinting everywhere. In Titanfall, on the other hand, everything is much more fast paced. While there is sprinting in Titanfall, you actually spend much more time in the air and sliding, making it feel much more fast-paced and fun. I only played for a short amount of time, so there might be ways to speed up, but they're not really obvious to the player then if I wasn't able to figure them out.Next up, the weapons. Most of the weapons that I saw were incredibly inaccurate and required you to ADS to get any decent accuracy at all. The ones that I tried also had almost excessive amounts of recoil, making it difficult to actually shoot people, and it felt like RNG was deciding how I did more than my aim.Now for the maps. In terms of design and aesthetics, I actually really liked the maps. They were all quite unique and had very different feels to them. However, in terms of actual gameplay, I did not like the maps at all. They were cramped and almost more like long networks of hallways than actual open maps. Add onto this the fact that wall running in this game is so boring, and it makes the maps very difficult to navigate, and games kind of felt like people were just running around and shooting people whenever they ran into someone, rather than actively seeking out people.Gameplay itself is kind of boring too. The objectives were usually just ""kill the enemy"" or ""cpntrol a point"", and they weren't really that creative.All in all, I don't recommend this game. It's not terrible, but it has some serious design flaws that need to be addressed before I will even consider buying it. At the moment, it just feels like a slow, cramped, and less fun Titanfall 2, without the giant robots."
,Not Recommended,292730,30147973,Posted: 24 February,all,「nZo」,"Even on a free weekend they can't get it right. I've tried a dozen times to get into MP which says ""Update requires a restart."" and then restarts, and nothing changes. ""Update requires a restart.""Way to go activision, you've finally killed your cash cow."
,Not Recommended,292730,29016960,Posted: 4 January,all,Lost|Frequency,I got VAC and game banned for this game on 3rd January 2017 just after i upgraded my pc with new GTX1070 GPU and also ASUS 144Hz monitor the monitor came with a program call display widget thats a hack to these people..So becareful the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways i got it off some free steam cards but just sending a warning...$129 down the drain its all good.Happy Gaming all.
,Not Recommended,292730,26434868,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,slatrhaus,Only thing ♥♥♥♥♥ier than the game is how long it takes for my refund to be processed.
,Not Recommended,292730,28998093,Posted: 3 January,all,Refueled,NEEDS TO SEPERATE CALL OF DUTY MWR. i have people who want mwr but dont want to waste thier time or money on the garbage infinite.
,Not Recommended,292730,30162978,Posted: 25 February,all,pumcik,Uninstall button works fine.
,Not Recommended,292730,30159612,Posted: 24 February,all,robotosmonk,poop for poop peopledont play this
,Not Recommended,292730,30159706,Posted: 24 February,all,wfrodas,"5 hours of downloading and installing don't worth an hour of gameplay. Even on free weekend, there are few players on multiplayer, this sc*ks."
,Not Recommended,292730,26412989,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lance Bean,Game runs and feels like♥♥♥♥♥ Modern Warfare Remaster also suffers from a poor port. Don't waste your money. If you have; REFUND!Oh yeah and doesn't support ultrawide in November 2016. Lmao what a sham
76561198040961644,Not Recommended,292730,30189157,Posted: 25 February,all,TheAverageMrBear,"Game runs horribly on PC, I have a 970, I can run Overwatch with everything maxed and get 60fps, I can run The Witcher 3 with everything on high maintaining roughly 50 fps.  This game, with everything on lowest settings was getting 15 fps sitting on the menu and between 10 and 12 playing a match in multiplayer.  Do not buy this game, it is terribly made, just like the last CoD was.  They haven't changed their ways and they never will.  Save your money and buy something that's actually worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30213705,Posted: 26 February,all,Dats4Real,This game is just badCan I sit here now?
,Not Recommended,292730,30200448,Posted: 26 February,all,Toasted,Welcome To The Spaceshit
76561198067753768,Not Recommended,292730,29105704,Posted: 7 January,all,C4sper,"Serious CoD: Infinite Warfare review:Singleplayer/Campaign [7/10]:NO STORY SPOILERSThe Campaign [in my opinion] is overall decent. I think it's worth playing through. The space battles [zero gravity] are much more fun than I expected, because it's very accessible. The story is OK and generally easy to understand, mainly becuase you are only playing as one character throughout the entire story. The cutscene cinematics had really good graphics, but they were kinda boring (they were not running in-engine/realtime).In terms of graphics, they were not amazing, but not terrible either [played on GTX 1080 GPU]. I really had a fun time playing with the different weapons, becuase they felt really good and I felt rewarded when I killed someone, both with ballistic weapons and the different abilities. Jackal fights were fun the first couple of minutes, but they got really boring over time.No particular order:Pros:- Worth playing through- Story is easy to understand- Zero-G space battles were fun- Weapons and abilities felt really good and were rewarding- Very detailedCons:- Graphics- Jackal fights were boring- Cutscene cinematics were boring- Can be very predictable at times- Boring elevator rides- Loading screens...Multiplayer [4/10]:Multiplayer is often being considered as the main offering of Call of Duty, but I don't really think that's the case with this game, which is really sad. I think a lot of you guys would have a lot better time with the Campaign part than the Mulitplayer portion of Infinite Warfare. The main reason why I bought Infinite Warfare was because of Modern Warfare Remastered.This game feels more or less like last years Black Ops 3 [I really enjoyed Black Ops 3 TBH], except worse. One significant thing could be the core movement system that works really bad with the flow of the maps. The maps themselves looks really cool, but they doesn't play as good as Black Ops 3 [I'll be comparing Black Ops 3 and Infinite warfare a lot] maps, probably becuase Infinite Warfare doesn't use the infamous three-lane map structure as Treyarch does in their games, which worked really well.As far as the core weapon balance, Infinite Warfare did a pretty good job. Not only are there a very nice variety of weapons, but they also act really different from each other. The core weapon balance is approved. In terms of weapon variants that you can get via Supply Drops [:-(], are balanced really bad and some of them are downright unfair unfortunately.The TTK [time to kill] is VERY short, that leads to the person with the best reaction skills wins the gunfight, which is very annoying. It should take longer to kill your enemies, kinda like we see it in the Black Ops series.The Specialists from Black Ops 3 are back [Combat Rigs], but this time around you have a lot more choices with them. A lot of them works literally the exact same as Black Ops 3 Specialists, which is very boring. Some of them have significant balance issues.Overall, Infinite Warfare Multiplayer doesn't really bring anything new to the table, which immediately makes the game very inessential. My question is, 'why didn't we just give Black Ops 3 another year?'. Sure, some of you might disagree with that, but that's my opinion.Simply becuase they're pretty much the same game, it kinda felt like an amateur PC modder made a Ghosts/Advanced Warfare mod and just slapped it on Black Ops 3. That's not very good.There a still a lot of small things with the game that I don't like very much, but I don't wanna make this review too long. Here are some things that deserved to be mentioned.No particular order:Pros:- Core weapon balance is very solid- The weapons feels really good and smooth while you're playing- The maps have a lot of bright colors, which makes the game prettier- Energy Weapons are balanced really well- Classic Weapons are awesome!- Pick 10 class selection is greatCons:- TTK is ridiculously fast- The majority of the Weapon Variants are balanced really bad and some of them are unfair- Combat Rigs have a lot of balance issues and are not as destinct as Specialists from        Black Ops 3- Graphics- No Theater Mode- Skill-gap is too small- The movement system works poorly with the maps- Multiplayer has no innovation at all- Supply Drops... (potential of pay to win)- Copying Black Ops 3 way too much- Bad PC port compared to other games- Scorestreaks aren't lethal enough- Community is still very toxic- Spawns are the worst since Call of Duty: Ghosts- Downgrade from last year's Black Ops 3- Call of Duty can do better than this!Zombies/Zombies in Spaceland [6/10]:I haven't invested too much time in Zombies in Spaceland, becuase I still think Treyarch makes the best Zombies. The Zombies part of this game is acceptable, but it didn't really make me wanna come back.The map itself has a really odd layout and structure and was also very big, which I didn't really appreciate.The map isn't very friendly for the casual Zombies players, because you need to learn a lot about the map before you start playing, some of the hardcore Zombies players really like that, while the majority of the casual players doesn't.No particular order:Pros:- The map looks really cool w/ the different colors- Can be really fun the first couple of times with friends- Friendly for hardcore Zombies players- There's no movement system in the Zombies part- Fun characters- Better than Exo Zombies [Advanced Warfare]- Cool settingCons:- Only one map- Future Zombies maps will be expensive- Gameplay can be very silly- The map is not really creepy- Clowns- Doesn't really stand out- Treyarch still makes the best Zombies [my opinion]OVERALL RATING: 5/10- C4sper"
,Not Recommended,292730,29355479,Posted: 19 January,all,|TσтαL| ' VsqS @Recrutando,"I buy every cod games since mw1, i'm tired of this s h i t. ♥♥♥♥ Actvision. RIP COD.Pro:- NothingCons:- Supply Drops- Futuristic piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Movements- Cheaters- Only TDM playable- ♥♥♥♥ing Glitches everywhere- ♥♥♥♥ing ""Click here to buy 237894 Dlcs or CoD points""Then you think at least you got Modern Warfare Remastered right?They ♥♥♥♥ing ruined even the best call of duty, they added supply drops, and ♥♥♥♥ING KNIFES and all leading to them add new guns via supply drops. They manage to ♥♥♥♥ed up even a REMASTERED game.I regret buying this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ do NOT Buy.Call of Duty is DEAD Activision let it rest in peace."
,Not Recommended,292730,30183314,Posted: 25 February,all,DARKMAN345,awful and unenjoyable dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,292730,30145101,Posted: 24 February,all,premiumsco,Im glad its free so I can write a negative review.
,Not Recommended,292730,29946617,Posted: 15 February,all,TheRealCowboy,Words can't describe how bad this game really is. I got so bored and frustrated with the game that I simply uninstalled it. Not worth the $60
,Not Recommended,292730,30158094,Posted: 24 February,all,Cameron Mitchell,"Something went wrong, I can't seem to connect to the server. Free version broken."
,Not Recommended,292730,30046056,Posted: 19 February,all,[GBOF] Chairborne,"Well, apart from the rampant hacking this game is still enjoyable. It's the fastest COD yet. However I feel that the COD franchise on PC is in its last death throws. I have personally reported, recorded and posted hackers online and none of them have been banned. Under Treyarch (BO3) I recorded and posted 12 videos of hackers... all were game banned. Under Infinity Ward. ZERO Bans for blatant cheats. Activision needs to spend some of the countless millions they have earnt on real anti-cheat.Im interested to know if there is a revenue stream from the availible cheats that goes back into the Infinity Ward coffers... or at least some of the DEV's pockets as there seems to be no repercussions from aimbotting or wallhacking.Dont bother buying the game. It's not an even playing field.Check the kill feed and the last kill replay at the end.One example from today. 2/20/2017https://youtu.be/vzpg8iD5dnohttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198366412566/"
,Not Recommended,292730,30179557,Posted: 25 February,all,SaintBanana聖香蕉,"The Game is such crappy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 60€ for a Game that has a worse singleplayer which is to short and an online mode which is making problems all the time, cant even join my own game. Won´t buy any of this games in the next years...You can get so many better games. DONT BUY THIS if you"
76561197993332425,Not Recommended,292730,26444239,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Memphis,"MP review only: No way i'm dropping $100 on a 6 hour campaign alone, no matter how good it may be. MP is where the longevity and value is for me.It's clunky and unpolished. Not even unpolished, unfinished really.It plays and feels like an early alpha build of Blops 3, best way i can describe it. Made me really look back and appreciate how smooth and polished Blops 3 felt.The maps feel claustrophobic, chaotic and uninspired. Random corridors everywhere, with nowhere to really take advantage of your maneuverability in creative ways. No flow to the matches, especially with how bad the spawns are.The weapons? Not even sure where to begin. They're all over the place in terms of balance. Just... no.Even if they do improve the game through patches, the game is already dead on arrival. There is hardly a community for it now and there certainly won't be one later. There is no reason to buy this game unless you got a hard on for Zombies or over-paying for single player campaigns. There are far superior FPS games out there RIGHT NOW that you'll be missing out on, and for what?  Naturally, MWR will be released stand-alone later.Notice, this is coming from someone that had no crashes or bugs in my time with the game. It allowed me to adjust settings and retain those settings (won't run at 144hz, although it allows me to choose it? caps at 90 in game). I got to experience the game in a ""finished, working"" state. I can only imagine the bad taste this has left in the mouths of those repeatedly crashing.ps. Adjusting my mouse DPI seemed to really help with the mouse smoothing and stuttering. Unfortunately, that still doesn't make the game any more fun.It's time for Activision to get their heads out of their asses. Gamers are starting to wisen up after so many releases of buggy, unfinished products, especially after the likes of NMS, and thanks to some healthy competition who are taking it seriously (BF1, TF2) as well as steam's awesome refund policy, these companies are no longer going to be able to laugh all the way to the bank much longer while we ""buy it anyway"". We'll see how many pre-orders the next CoD recieves after this, although i think many are going to be looking to 3Arc to restore thier faith. CoD will get one more chance, but this franchise is in a world of hurt and they only have their greed to blame.Over-dramatic much? Yup. But this is the first game i've ever refunded so i'm salty af."
76561198078545417,Not Recommended,292730,26423573,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RawSwiggity,"I just wanted it to be good so bad, it seemed like a great idea but the fps and proformance issues were a bit too annoying for me to enjoy this game, i loved the other cods except ghosts and advanced warfare and not winfinite warfare too, :( am sad"
76561198115498174,Not Recommended,292730,26464576,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Depression,"Get this game on sale. MP blows more than BO3.Campaign is the best since CoD4, imo, tho and Zombies is fun. But the crappy MP just outweighs this game's pros. The gunfughts seem so RNG-like because I'll shoot first and still die and the maps are god awful. The combat rigs are yet another stupid feature that shoul have never been in CoD and just makes this game even more casual. Plus the PC community is dead as hell and I'm hoping IW releases patches in the future so this game is better. But right now the game is a solid 6.8/10."
,Not Recommended,292730,26475103,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,csta,"Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare... So far is average at best...Call of Duty : Modern Warfare Remastered... I hate to say it but it is unplayable...I have i7-4770K OC, Nvidia Geforce GTX TITAN Black SC, Corsair Dominator Platinum 16GB and i am getting 10-20 FPS regardless of what presets i have selected...the game is currently unplayable and badly needs fixed asap!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26504996,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TheGeeNee,"Refunds... good, good."
76561198323964844,Not Recommended,292730,26755752,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The CatFishMan,well i would refund this game but i had over two ♥♥♥♥ing hours really steam dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer is dead zombies is just trolls or afks and campaign is just good nothing more dont buy it please do waste money on this like i did 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars and it was my birthday money mane ♥♥♥♥ing hell i should have just brought l4d2
,Not Recommended,292730,26447645,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,.`,1. I buy COD mostly for campaign2. Infinite warfare campaign is boring. you spend as much time watching cutscenes and just walking around doing nothing as you do shooting / fighting. It steals a lot of elements from previous COD (advanced warfare / BO3 mostly). If you've played COD before- you've already played this game.3. MW remaster has a dead zone in the mouse input which makes aiming horrible.*******************************************************************************************************************ANd finally the most important************************4. Both games have controller support- which means you will be playing against people with a xim4- a controller- to- keyboard and mouse adapter so that they will have keyboard and mouse with auto aim. Its a legal aim bot.  Thank you for killing PC COD....
,Not Recommended,292730,26511031,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kirito,"I personally like the faster paced arcade style of COD multiplayer over something like BF1. I also like the futuristic theme.  Advanced Warfare is actually my favorite of the ones I've played. Overall an unpopular opinion it would seem.However, with all this in mind, I wouldn't recommmend IW soley based on optimisation, performance and connection issues. AW & BO3 had their issues with the PC ports but overall ran smoothly on my system. While i manage to cap the FPS no issue in IW the game still feels stuttery and sluggish no matter how i tweak the setting. Even when every single graphics option is turned to low/off the frame rate doesn't stay solid and the stuttery/sluggish feel is still present.For whatever reason I also get a lot more lag, disconnetions and VAC verification errors compared to older itertations.I usually put 220+ hours into each itteration i play. After 5 in AW i'm considering giving up on it already. hopefully it improves over time.. but looking at concurrent players i don't think there really is an 'over time' for IW."
76561198022158085,Not Recommended,292730,26555253,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[THM]Alpha Ghost,"I purchased this game yesterday,downloaded it last night went to play it today had dissapearing loading screen in other words won't ♥♥♥♥ing load,played around with it all day went to forums did the fix files bit but I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off  now I have just requested a refund and got it within 1 hour.So up yours all you sods that are played in this ♥♥♥♥ up."
76561198039791508,Not Recommended,292730,26650926,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,John Wick,Why the f*ck did i buy this?!
76561198271886931,Not Recommended,292730,26748151,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Karlsydney,i want to know how to play the remastered call of duty
,Not Recommended,292730,26449610,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,VitruviusMAXimuS,"No split screen like blackops 3. thats pretty disapointing idk why devs remove split screen from pc versions. very pretty graphics especially at 4k if your rig can handle it. Id buy bf1 the lack of split screen ruins it for me especially since everyone expected it since cod bo 3 had it. My rig is the central attraction of my entertainment center and is used on a 55 in 4k tv, i didnt spend nearly 5k on my system for devs to ignore split screen on pc. Pisses me off."
,Not Recommended,292730,26499827,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ADL,game is garbage. its like ghost 2.0. if i could get my money back i would.
76561197989149242,Not Recommended,292730,26456902,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SgtMulletz,"First of all, I love almost all the COD games. However, I cannot play this. The campaign gameplay makes me feel terrible motion sickness (despite stable 60FPS and lots of play time on other space games like SC) and the multiplayer leaves so much to be desired. Terribly disappointed that I have to refund this game, I really wanted it to be good."
76561198148745697,Not Recommended,292730,26466201,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ツσlliєgяєєzy,"What a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. why i bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game, i dont know but i must of been high on coke, meth and acid. I might have just of tryed to play it on a potatio for all that the host server connections have done for me. Crashed every time i went back into the main menu and never connectd to a lobby (zombies and mp). Saying that COD 4 is amazing and i love to bits except for the new patch they put out that crashes the game so thanks for smashing that dream.p.s. New keyboard is needed as its smashed thansk to this game 10/10 will smash keyboard on this again"
76561198287931699,Not Recommended,292730,26507502,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,tricky,"Firstly i also own this on ps4 and i am only a zombies player. I bought this on pc because black ops 3 zombies on pc was way better. I get 144 fps of smooth as butter gorgeous game play on bo3 zombies. This is capped at 91, not a deal breaker but, i feel like i'm going back in performance. Zombies could be a great game but, They still havent patched the garbage solo revive! Even when they finally do, try getting multi player matches! good luck. I wish i could return this game but, i have played more than the 2 hour cut off because i just thought us pc gamers might have got treated the same way as console owners. how wrong was i! Ive heard that multiplayer is just as bad on pc and going by the steam charts i can see why. 15,000 players online at its peak! I'm gutted i bought this."
,Not Recommended,292730,26508189,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Super famoose youtuber Jmak,"Please no, They have failed terribly. THEY CAN ONLY REDEEM THEMSELVES IF THEY SELL MWR SEPRATE."
,Not Recommended,292730,26514554,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TripleThreatGuy,"Welcome to Team Deathmatch Simulator... I mean, Call of Duty. I wish I could enjoy this game more. I've loved the Call of Duty franchise, but this is one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever had with the franchise, with any game really. The PC multiplayer is incredibly frustrating because of its sparse player count. And I know that's not the developers fault, but between not being able to play anything but team deathmatch, and waiting in lobbies for upwards of 15 minutes to get matched, coupled with Steam's refusal to refund my purchse, this is really becoming an awful experience, and I hate that I paid $60 to just be frustrated all the time.We are still on week 1 of launch, and there are right now only 2,890 players online. Unless you plan to play TDM, and TDM only, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. There are not even enough players to be able to play any other game mode. I used up 80% of my 2-hour return window just waiting in lobbies, I kid you not. But apparently that doesn't warrant a return.Additionally, the supercharged time-to-kill is insanity inducing, and I get the feeling that playing this game is just an exercise in futility.Credit where credit is due, however, the campaign is fun and imaginitive, and I can absolutely see the hard work that a lot of people put into making it a great campaign. At a time when campaigns are being sacrificed for multiplayer experiences (ala Battlefront), it is refreshing to have such a fun campaign. But it just feels like they went to the other side of the sprectrum with this game, and because the multiplayer is so lacking (at least on PC), I cannot recommend this game."
76561198056213338,Not Recommended,292730,26554907,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-•Ghost-LIN•- ツ,This game is worst I can't even play.My spec is GTX 760Core I5-4440Ram 8The frame rate that's show and what I see is not the same.The game was cache once I press to play zombie.COD4:MWR is worst too. Delay and lagging.This things is happen to me I try to fix both of them andit doesn't work at all.Right now I going to refun. But it seem that Steam didn't listen to customer at all.SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS isn't what they said. High frame rate but truly it's just 10-30 frame rate.
76561198152801867,Not Recommended,292730,26723814,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ANDROID51313,*Plays campaign and beats it**Comes back a few days later and the game keeps crashing*Nope
76561198165115809,Not Recommended,292730,26734690,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mint,"Multiplayer Review:I've always really loved call of duty. Black ops 2 was my favorite on console and i was one of those people that put countless hours in and was master prestige. I got out of the cod loop for a while and looked to getting back into it on pc. I saw infinte warfare had a lot of bad reviews and looked for any good reason or excuse to get this game. I said meh and bought it anyway with all the negativity i had seen. I entered my first multiplayer game which took forever to find, The only multiplayer game you can play is team deathmatch because thats all the community plays. This is not call of duty this is sh**. This game is super fast paced, if you get a couple kills your bound to instantly get killed after. All the maps are the size of a penut and the guns are really stupid. Listen to the reviews on here and dont buy this crap. Dont buy into legacy edition either their marketing bs is awful, this game is not worth 60 bucks and the dlc isnt worth 50. They know infinte warfare is complete sh** so if you just want modern warfare they make you buy it with infinite warfare. Sorry call of duty, im done with your sh**."
,Not Recommended,292730,26753576,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jcb,"This game is not bad as everyone made it out to be, but I can not recommend it for a few reasons which I will go over in the Cons section:Pros:-Fluid Movement-Fantastic Graphics-Great Maps-Great gunsOverall feels like a Modernwarfare Blackops 3, would be great if...Cons:-No Search & Destroy as well as some other game modes(Online. You can play S&D offline...)-Random update made me go from Average 45-50 fps down to ~15fps and no graphics changes are fixing it-No Anti-Cheat (Took me roughly ~30 hours to prestige, and by lvl 50 there was an aimbot iin 4/10 games I joined)Overall, it's obvious that Infinity Ward doesn't care about the PC community, as always, and I would not recommend you spend time and money on this game. However, if you have a PS4 or Xbox one, I would recommend the game based on my pros"
,Not Recommended,292730,26572016,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,O0⦰ ヨフォシ– W4ṪER O0,runs like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198344278266,Not Recommended,292730,26609032,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mybutthasteeth,"Don't this game. it's a waste of time, you'll spend most of your time searching for games and the game as a whole just feels unfinished"
,Not Recommended,292730,28317235,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,spacebound2000,Shader cache populating 24/7
,Not Recommended,292730,26917814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clout 9,"Just like nearly everyone else, I bought this to play the Modern Warfare remaster.All jokes, memes, and everything else aside, I genuinely don't enjoy playing either game but I can't refund it anymore so I have to try to make the most of it."
,Not Recommended,292730,27513811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Original Jumbo,I got this game because of the zombies and COD 4 Remastered and I can honestly say money well spent. Multiplayer however is a big turn off for me. It's like advanced warfare but with better graphics and less bunny hopping. Don't get it unless you're in it purely for the zombies.
76561198060973780,Not Recommended,292730,28005821,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bluemanwelder,"Same old game every year, same old bad community, and not even mwr is worth it. You are better off going and buying titanfall 2 or battlefield 1 or CSGO. This is one game I wish I could get my money back. This is the last COD game I am buying. #ripcod"
,Not Recommended,292730,28426316,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GG FTW,Seriously another futuristički cod what the f*CK make  cod great again
76561198008643395,Not Recommended,292730,28114941,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,R6ex,"P.O.S.!Complete Stutter Fest, right from the start of the Campaign!!Unplayable!!!ps: I have the latest drivers for my 3570K + 1070 + 16GB system. :(   No problem with Advanced Warfare or Witcher 3 but just can't play Infinite Warfare!"
,Not Recommended,292730,28352669,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,disruptive,"MWR♥♥♥♥ they are actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. All of their games these days are just cash grabs... they promise to bring back a great game but they dont fix the issues, still waiting for that ""1st week patch"" that never came, and just as I was getting happy about the update adding more maps, they add supply drops and all that ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. THEY ARE RUINING A POTENTIALLY PERFECT GAME."
76561198072573581,Not Recommended,292730,28020073,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Krimsic,Infinite Warfare sucks. No need for an explanation it just sucks. MWR on the other hand is OK. Not optimized well at however. FPS drops like crazy and not gonna lie. Jugg ruins sniping for me. IW - 1/5 / MWR - 3/5
76561198302407888,Not Recommended,292730,28113246,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Giddle,"I don't complain about hackers, but it's obvious in this game. it makes the 45 minute wait for a game not worth it.Zombies is fun.all-in-all:: I Regret buying this game."
76561198235729192,Not Recommended,292730,28112362,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rambo FB,terrible game
,Not Recommended,292730,28348532,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Flying_Gecko,"This is only about MWRNothing to say on IW, didnt play it, didnt intend to, just got 5 minutes to be able to post.For everyone who thinks about buying this for MWR only and expecting it to be true to the original: Put your wallet back in your pants, it's not.Missing from the remaster:-Sound Fixes-Spawn fixes (an in the original spawn system)-Server Browser-Visible Ping Numbers-4 Maps (Creek, Killhouse, Broadcast and Chinatown)-Solid Netcode that is at least up to par with the one from 9 Years ago-Anti Cheat System of any sortWhat we got what we did not want:-Matchmaking, with P2P matches more often then not-10 Tick servers (this is so sad its no even funny how bad it is)-Supply Drops-Alternative Melee Weapons-Rectangles for Weapons-Charakter Skins-A whole lot of DLC Cosmetics that were not part of the original gameSo if you think back to CoD4:MW and think of it as a simple down to earth CoD before it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥and you expect that out of the remaster do yourself a favor: get the old one out, the one with server browser and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and dont buy this sad excuse of a remaster.Also and i cant stress this enough: EAT A BAG OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ACTIVISION AND RAVEN SOFTWARE."
,Not Recommended,292730,31332075,Posted: 23 April,all,lizardpeter,I own every COD since COD 4 on PC and I enjoy every single one and this is the only call of duty I would not recommend purchasing. Advanced Warfare would be the second worst but think game is just so much worse and it doesn't even feel like Call of Duty... definitely skip this one.
76561198022364069,Not Recommended,292730,28131785,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Keiko,"i can't even get past the initial cinamatic on single player. multi also won't work for me. when i msg steam they pretty much told me ""tough♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; can't reccomend a game i can't even play."
,Not Recommended,292730,26575807,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ActualBP,"Tried to give IW the benefit of the doubt, there has been a lot of hate but a lot of it seems a bit bandwagon-ish. However, I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game.The multiplayer itself doesn't really innovate on anything from BO3, but that doesn't make it bad, per se. It's a polarizing style, you either enjoy it or you hate it, there is no real in between. If you didn't like BO3, you will not like IW. If you were like me and wanted a bit of a change of pace from BF1 and Titanfall 2, then it definitely scratches that itch.CHEATING IS RAMPANT IN MULTIPLAYER. I started filming the cheaters because I figured they would be few and far between, but in about 15-20 matches I had 4 seperate videos of 9 cheaters. IW does not use dedicated servers (I think this is what infuriates me the most), and they do not have any sort of anti-cheat system to check for modified code. To the point of no dedicated servers, expect every so often (~10 games or so) to get host migration messages (which almost always fail and kick everyone from the game). This also is what I believe a lot of people are talking about with ""hit detection problems."" I've noticed quite a few times that that while in quick moving fights my reticle would be on the enemy (at an appropriate distance) but would get no hitmarker and pretty quickly die. This isn't hit detection, this is latency problems (you think you hit them first but the ""host"" decided they hit you first). It's extremely frustrating to deal with, but I wouldn't blame hit detection for that because it seems pretty good. But long story short, for these reasons I wouldn't recommend the game -- based on the premise that a majority of people buy the game for it's multiplayer content. It's unfortunate, because contrary to popular opinion I was really enjoying the multiplayer. For a company that has so much money, to not bother with basic anti-cheating measures and dedicated servers that even indie games implement is really just unacceptable at this point.Zombies: They did a great job with this if it's your cup of tea. I haven't been a fan in any of the other versions but with this one it may have converted me. I enjoyed the systematic approach to achieveing all the objectives and easter eggs, and there are quite a lot of them. The map layout seems intimidating but it is easy to become familiar with. THAT BEING SAID, BE WARNED: It does have a fatal flaw that I absolutely can't stand, and will probably keep me from playing it regularly. There is no actual ""click here to search for a game"" button. By sitting in the ""public game"" lobby, you are automatically queued for a game. This allows people to farm ""keys"" (the currency for purchasing supply drops from the quartermaster) by simply staying AFK. There is no inactive kicking system like in multiplayer. And the last part, while it's great if you're playing with your friends or others, every new scene revives these AFK'ers (which leads to screwing up zombie/brute aggro, etc.). It's a very easy fix for Infinity Ward, and while I highly doubt this is what they intended when implementing auto-queuing, I do not have enough faith in them to actually fix it. However, I hope they prove me wrong.Haven't played too much of the campaign, but it is very cinematic with a usual CoD premise (bad guy decides to end the world, you have to save it). If you enjoyed the BO3 campaign, I think this is a huge improvement to it with the space vehicle combat and upgrades for your ship, side missions, etc."
,Not Recommended,292730,26586445,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nova Nihil,"I love Call of Duty.  I love most FPS games, but CoD has always been special to me becaue Modern Warfare 2 is what got me really into competitive shooters.I always hear the haters chant about how much the latest CoD sucks, blah blah, complains about it always being the same, blah blah, I don't care.  I enjoy them.  Hell, I reached Prestige 8 on Ghosts!  I actually enjoyed it!  It wasn't BlackOps2-level of greatness, but it was fun for what it was.There is some really awful mistakes made in Infinite Warfare, and I don't see how they can be fixed through patching [plus this is PC version - they will never put that much effort into it].I will start with the most heinous issue:  the maps.  These maps are terrible.  Hideous nonsensical messes.  It almost feels like they just put assets into an algorythm rather than actually put them together in a cohesive order.  There is no rhyme or reason to most of the maps.  It's just clutter, just obnoxious clutter.  And it's not just the fact that there is no aestheticly pleasing element to any of it, but the fact that it's literally just clutter.Now let's move to the other equally severe issue: movement.  It's so clumsy.  BlackOps 3 had such quick and fluid movement.  That is not the case here.  Sure you can still do baseball slide, jet-jumps, and wall-running, but it feels so forced when you do them.  I don't mean in a 'you gotta do it!' kinda forced, but in a 'you're doing this cool special move through syrup' kind of forced.  It doesn't feel fluid is what I'm trying to say.It brought back memories of Advanced Warfare - the only other CoD I really did not manage to get into no matter how hard I tried.I've heard the campaign is great.  Didn't get to it because multiplayer is the bread and butter of CoD for me.  Got awfully close to that 2 hour mark trying to get a feel for it.  Maybe if I played for longer I'd manage to downgrade my muscle memory from BO3 to fit this clunky mess, but I just don't see the point.Refunded.  :("
,Not Recommended,292730,26700426,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spicy,"Run, Shoot, Die, repeat. This is COD and if you like COD games you will most likely enjoy this. Runs fine, once in a while there are FPS drops.The maps in this version seem tighter together and more claustrophobic. I have seen hackers playing this game, not a lot but it is still annoying. Many times I have been on a team by myself for an entire round while the other team has a full party, there does not seem to be any auto balancing. I find it very hard and frustrating to get in a lobby that is not team deathmatch. The new energy weapons are cool but many guns are boring and it is obvious which ones are the best. The new system of rarities of each weapon is interesting, some are nice and do not give a huge advantage but it makes me salty when someone kills me with a simply better version of the exact same gun I am using. Supply crates are the worst thing to happen to COD now that some of the loot you get actually changes the game instead of just being cosmetic. I do not recommend buying this game for the price. COD gets away with so much just because it is COD."
,Not Recommended,292730,26684499,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,godxmode,"Hardcore CoD Fan and this game is one of my favorites, when it works, which is almost never. No online community to speak of so after waiting ten minutes you get put into a 2v4 match and game bounces back and forth from 20 to 90 fps. Texture glitches and flickering everywhere. Garbage game is garbage. 0/10 would not even rent."
76561198220293837,Not Recommended,292730,26623093,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lukelite™,"Im just gonna talk about the mp because thats really the main attraction of cod.So in general if you want to do well and have fun with this broken game then your gonna need to get the over powered epic weapon variants which by the way takes ages to get if you dont have the season pass just to put into context how insanely un-balanced this game is there is an epic ump45 variant that allows you to dual wield them, and there is literally nothing that can beet a dual ump45 end of story.So overall the expireance i have had with this broken♥♥♥♥♥game is you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥on by epic werapons and smgs there is no point in using ar's in this game you'll just get ♥♥♥♥d everytime.Not to mention that the specialists are the most annoying things ever because you cant tell if someone is using one so you just go at them thinking its just a normal enemy but actually they have a crossbow machine gun thing that kills you instantly, great fun rite?!Even mwr is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play cuz everything will kills in like 2 to 3 shots making it rage indusing and not much fun to play.Basicly♥♥♥♥♥you activision for supply drops and ♥♥♥♥ you infinity ward for making a♥♥♥♥♥♥broken game.Oh and the game is poorly optimized so unless you got a high end system its gonna run like♥♥♥♥♥♥basicly, yea great game.4/10what happend to call of duty"
76561198226281176,Not Recommended,292730,26434649,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Eluvina,"I am already frustrated being that I cannot play multiplayer. I can select multiplayer, then join any game I wish to. However, once I see in the bottom right corner, ""Game Started: Loading game."" After a few seconds, it exits to the main menue with the message, ""Game Lobby closed""."
,Not Recommended,292730,26459381,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,xx7son_q8xx,"call of duty infinte warfer , its hard to find a mutch solve the problem fast!!"
76561197974266888,Not Recommended,292730,26543804,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pnuka,"Fun game but multiplayer is laggy, all games are 1 guy going 75-10 with everyone else struggling to make .5 kd.  Infinity Ward refuses to state anything about, do not buy."
76561198058446401,Not Recommended,292730,30129700,Posted: 23 February,all,A jar in a jar in a jar in a jar,"What is this happy horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't spend a couple of hours downloading this to be instantly kicked from every game for losing connection to host. CANT EVEN DO CUSTOM GAME BY MYSELFR U FOR REAL?Really, you boys should be paying us to play this piece of utter dross. Not even gravy, just pure stock cube♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,26429464,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Damon,"Updating my review since the game finally ran for me.  Having only played half of the campaign,  and no multi-player this review is not complete. I'll update it the next time I can get the game to run for me.But first thing to know:=====================================90% OF THE TIME, IT'S UNPLAYABLE:=====================================Crashes, black screens, controls not working, you name it. I've had it.I've had quite a lot of problems with the game. Despite multiple times trying I've only gotten it to work twice, out of about 20+ tries. So it only runs about 10% of the time for me.  My mouse didn't work, or when launching it from Steam, it said steam wasn't running, or it would give a black screen on the opening video. It's been a challenge just to get it to run. It's not a good sign when 90% of the time it's unplayable.This is with the latest drivers (it won't even let you run the game with an outdated driver). An SSD, 6-core i7 processor, 32GB RAM, and a Nvidia 980ti. Verified the files. Checked the forums. Many are having similar problems.I've also got 20 years of IT experience and 35 years of computer gaming experience. This game has been one of the most problematic games.A damn shame, because the developers really put a lot of work and effort in this game. But so far it's been Call of Duty: Infinite loading screens, than infinite warfare.=====================================PERFORMANCE:=====================================Great!All of the two times it actually ran, the game runs great. The game runs at 4k, at 60fsps with no slowdown. Didn't expect that level of performance with a 980ti.=====================================GRAPHICS:=====================================Overall, some great graphics. But there's some blurry, low res graphics.What frustrated me most, is the character models you see in the trailer are mostly from pre-generated cutscenes.I was wondering why suddenly my crisp 4k resolutions turned to 1080p with bad artifacting..It's playing a video.The quality drop is very noticeable when it's real time.=====================================SINGLE PLAYER GAMEPLAY:=====================================What I've seen would make a Michael Bay fan happy, but so far...it's more of the same.I really was hoping for more. It's about as fulfilling as cotton candy. What you get is good, but it's also mostly empty. So far there's little substance beyond explosions. I was hoping this would be the CoD that really tried to break out of the mold and really do something different. It's more of the same.Just like a Disney attraction, you can have a good time. But there's no exploration. Everything is just a facade. I wanted immersion, exploration, and an interesting world. Fine. You can't do that with everything. But at least let us do that for things like the capital ship.See that amazing cool ship?Want to visit all the decks? You can't.Want to help put out that fire? You can't.Want to get to know the crew? You can't.Want to explore wreckages? You can't.In short, maybe my expectations were too high. But I wanted more than a typical CoD single player game. It’s average. Good in some respects, but still doesn’t venture out of its safe space.I really wanted this to be great. Desperately.=====================================FLYING:=====================================It's arcadey. The movement is great. But it's no Wing Commander, Star Citizen, or Elite Dangerous. DO NOT get this for the flying experience.It's slightly above No Man's Sky in terms of depth. That's not saying much.You just can't exit your ship any time you want. You can't fly too far.  The planet to space transition actually has less interactivity than No Nan's Sky. You can only move your camera.  That just makes the transitions from planet to space little more than a loading screen. Want to explore the dark side of the moon? Just fly around? Forget it.One nice thing I noticed. Guns move your ship slightly back. That's a nice touch. The missile re-arming drone is neat.It's no more of a flight sim, than the original Afterburner arcade game.This may pass for a flight sim on consoles, but not on PC. We've got hundreds of better flight sims here.=====================================THE WRITING=====================================I hate these characters. The one I like the best is a robot.The humans are a bunch of idiots.I'm no military expert. But no. The captain leaving the ship so he can go fight in a (space!) fighter jet. Okay. Should we just call you Captain Kirk then? Also the captain of the ship is being told what to do. Like he’s the grunt.The military advisers must have been really frustrated. The Cliche 3000 machine must have also been working overtime on this one. Some of the dialog is cringe worthy. Which brings me to:=====================================THE VILLAIN=====================================Oh Kit. Oh John Snow. I wish you nothing but success. But you have chosen..... poorly.I bet it sounded great. But you were given nothing to work with here. An example:Admiral Generic Villain: ""All sector forces are ordered to surrender for immediate execution”….Um, that’s not how you get people to surrender. Die, or surrender so we can kill you?And you also don’t care about killing your own men, just to prove a point  to somebody you’re going to kill anyways! Some great military leadership there! I can see why people follow you!=====================================SCIENCE OR FICTION?=====================================It's a step above Star Wars. But there's little science here. It's the same old Call of Duty but on planets that clearly have little to no basis in science. Even their low gravity stuff is off.Planets that should kill you with radiation, or be a lot dimmer, or have way less clouds, or less rocky areas. They are basically sticking you on Earth with Jupiter as the background and saying, ""Look! You're in space!""Space Elevators are cool. But why? Even a fighter jet can just jump from Earth to Space in seconds.I do appreciate the nods to exploring mars, the moon landings in the museum. Some of these developers love space. They just didn't get a chance to make an interesting space combat game.Don't let the lack of lasers fool you. There's very little science here. But hey. Maybe it will inspire kids to read more about the real places.=====================================MULTI-PLAYER:======================================I haven't played the game in multiplayer. But from what I've seen in the forums the game is plagued with cheaters. No Thanks.Best check with other reviews to see the multiplayer.=====================================OVERALL:=====================================I'd rate this game as almost unplayable for me. Your results may vary. When I do get into the game, it’s ….okay. So, I'd hold off for a sale. The numbers are really low, and multi-player supposedly has suffered. I’d check the forums to see what people are saying before buying.Maybe the Squadron 42 game will give us the kind of game I want. Because CoD:IW certainly didn't. I was really hoping this would be the one that rights all of my problems with CoD. It's not. That makes me sad.I may be harsh, but that's because I wanted it to be so good. If you’re going to spend millions on a space combat game. Come on. Do it right. By playing it so safe, you’re dooming your franchise.VERDICT:  PASS OR WAIT FOR A SALE. READ THE FORUMS BEFORE BUYING."
,Recommended,292730,32887894,Posted: 27 June,all,aep,"Way underrated by angry multiplayers. They shouldn't have called it CoD. It's actually a suprisingly bad competitive shooter, but...About 8-16 hours of really high production quality single player content. This is probably the best written script i've ever seen. Every spawn location fits the story progression, every trigger blends in seamless.  Low repetition environment with tons of exciting detail. Excellent voice actors, amazing graphics, good music. Story isn't that unique or deep, but very consistent and well executed.with 50% on steam sale it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26413652,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zidaken,"I do not reccomend this game to any hardcore FPS player. The only working multiplayer mode is team deathmatch, the game intentionally spawns players behind you and the fact that it is loaded with bot users makes it even worse. If you want to play a FPS game that is strategic and similar to an actual battlefield or military engagement DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This game is spawn everywhere on the map surrounded by little immature children using bots. This game is terrible and I would not reccomend it to any serious FPS fan."
76561198342493018,Not Recommended,292730,26496275,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,james.crouse1908,Worst call of duty game ever. I regret buying this game and having faith infinity ward wasn't crap.
,Not Recommended,292730,30745002,Posted: 26 March,all,LegendaryJinx',!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,28921249,Posted: 1 January,all,Greeve,"This game is a horrible piece of trash....many hackers, only one game mode is actually played (only team deathmatch, no one plays anything else), and the weapons are horribly balanced.  All of this futuristic stuff is garbage. COD needs to go back to its roots.  Less insta kill skills, more skill overall.  Horrible, horrible game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30168587,Posted: 25 February,all,slet,nice 90 fps lock in 2017 =)
,Not Recommended,292730,26439808,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rasmus,Next generation graphics!
,Not Recommended,292730,30163335,Posted: 25 February,all,^9LAN | ^1Bozidar02 ^2[92],"Match Starting, Loading Level............................................................................"
,Not Recommended,292730,30163358,Posted: 25 February,all,stG |™.: PH CSOFFER.ME,I threw up playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,292730,30186596,Posted: 25 February,all,Jon Jon,Terrible Terrible Terrible! I want my free back! And my 37 Minutes!
76561198009830513,Not Recommended,292730,30346468,Posted: 5 March,all,Xeraph,"I bought this game for MWR and i was dissapointed less than 1000 people play it and IW is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ No matter what they do to COD, even if they return to their roots i will never buy a game from them ever again because they will find some way to screw things up."
76561198074538907,Not Recommended,292730,28853264,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,»Samstar301«,"Bought it to play MWR, found out that i need the Legacy Edition for 80€, refunded it and i won't buy the Legacy Edition because it's to expensive."
76561198173036161,Not Recommended,292730,26422244,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,El frito bandito,Don't waste your mmoney on any cod game
,Not Recommended,292730,30170983,Posted: 25 February,all,brandenburg,gamesux
,Not Recommended,292730,30171322,Posted: 25 February,all,NeverGod,♥♥♥♥♥cod
,Not Recommended,292730,30227702,Posted: 27 February,all,Sir Apple,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥but i need to make this review longer so heres a link to my screenshots. Make sure to like on all of them. There are not that many.http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/http://steamcommunity.com/id/SirApple/screenshots/
,Not Recommended,292730,30227898,Posted: 27 February,all,Sarge,This game could be a full time play for free game.. would still suck. I want my free back. RIP CoD
76561197983203939,Not Recommended,292730,30228290,Posted: 27 February,all,Ed',Do you want a 60$ game?With a 60$ seasonpass +microtransactions?That had to hold hostage the remastered cod game to get sales?Sing me up to the nope train.
,Not Recommended,292730,30182751,Posted: 25 February,all,coolzie,it can't load in anything!
,Not Recommended,292730,30160085,Posted: 24 February,all,Swappy [RB],You couldn't even play zombie mode.It's worse than a demo.
,Not Recommended,292730,26422589,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[RS]Atin,LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
,Not Recommended,292730,29267962,Posted: 15 January,all,{VCS} diugh,You can buy this only for sp.
,Not Recommended,292730,30132752,Posted: 23 February,all,https://twitch.tv/urgay,Okay so I've only played the multiplayer because of the free weekend I have to admit I thought I would have more fun. Call of Duty to me used to be staying over a friends house overnight and having fun while playing splitscreen but it seems like the developers thought we would buy the game just because it has the call of duty name on it but thats not the case. This game seems like its made for kids it doesn't feel like call of duty. I dont normally not like a game I'm usually more open to new ideas and see the good in things but theres a lot of problems that I noticed while playing this game.1.) framerate drop for no reasonfor some reason on ultra settings with everything turned all the way up I get a better framerate than I did in black ops 3 (and to be honest black ops 3 looked better)2.) Mouse lagThe mouse input lag is a huge problem especially for a competetive gamer it feels extremely late with the input3.) balanceI understand skill is a factor but it seems like people are only using two or three weapons (could be because of the free weekend)I've only played about a half an hour remember but I'm not just writing a negative review because I want to be cool by riding the hate train I'm writing this review because it does not feel like call of duty this isnt what i remember call of duty by
,Not Recommended,292730,30241245,Posted: 28 February,all,Sir Nom,Stop being stupid and release COD 4 Remastered on its own!
76561197978341880,Not Recommended,292730,26450091,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zephyx,"Good luck trying to connect to a multiplayer game. It took me over an hour to connect last night.If you have a windows store version you cant play with the steam version players, and visa versa.I tried to get a refund but it was denied because I had played a couple hours of the single player..."
76561198175929490,Not Recommended,292730,26469357,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,imadabselem,worst in the series
,Not Recommended,292730,26447628,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shady Giraffe,Both games at launch are terrible ports i recommend you wait a few months when they fix them
,Not Recommended,292730,26475824,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,chemicalvamp,"Steam really should have rules publishers must follow when stating what their game features. There is no online co-op for the campaign. But they can say ""online co-op"" because the zombie mini-game has co-op. Also the lack of cross platform multiplayer is shameful. Triple A titles should go the extra steps just out of ethics."
,Not Recommended,292730,26551406,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dawn,I'm someone who has played every COD from release since Cod 4 and even though I wasn't expecting much from this game I thought I would atleast enjoy it for being COD.  Unfortunately that was not the case.  After about 2 hours of playing I regreted buying it.  I mainly prefer multiplayer and it is practically unplayable.  Hit registration is terrible.  Spawns are terrible.  Even the menu system is bad.  The developers focused way to much on trying to give it a realistic army style and forgot they were actually making a game that was ment to be fun.  I have invested several years of my life into the Call of Duty franchise and I am very sad that I won't continue playing the new COD for the first time since Cod 4.
,Not Recommended,292730,26470400,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,EQuiiiiiiiiiiin0x,"Only reason I considered buying this game was for the remastered CoD 4. Iw is absolutely pants and anyone thinging about buying it i'd recommend looking for another game, i'd say i'm disappointed but COD's been going down the drain for years."
76561198131398053,Not Recommended,292730,26470531,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Adrijo,Don't waste your money.
76561198000223918,Not Recommended,292730,26471008,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,^1Savant,"PROs:Singleplayer is full of action and the full campaign including the side missions is around 5-6 hours depending on your ability.CONs:Story is the plot from pretty much any iteration of the Gundam anime series.  Space colonies / Mars revolts and attacks.No backstory.Multiplayer:PROs:You are typically rewarded if you think outside the box and use the vertical/wallrun/slide features.CONs:Its a port from PS412 player max for normal MP modes16 player max for 'War Party' ""Big Games""Is this worth $60?- No, wait for a sale.Is this 'fun'?- Singleplayer: Yes- Multiplayer: No"
76561197976140920,Not Recommended,292730,26512078,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ddognickel,this game is not that bad only for  FPS drops  the story is really good. The game run really smooth on xbox one.
,Not Recommended,292730,26517805,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MaGz,"I honestly like the game, multiplayer that is and had no performance issues,My biggest con is the community size, its way to much of a gamble getting the game when the peak of the day is 9000 players and on average around 3-5000 players. Its just going to result in long queues and mismatched games.Also this game is super fast paced, why does it take aprox. 3-infinite seconds to zoom in a sniper?-So would recomend for gameplay but game might be dead soon"
,Not Recommended,292730,26690211,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Amsfame,"This game is not a multiplay game. I am really disappointed about this game with server.I play this IW because I was big time fan and now I am leaving.I haven't got to play other than teamdeath match, no matter how long I waited for.It is really sucks."
76561198201341202,Not Recommended,292730,28301199,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Yellowkid,"I am a COD fan, this is not what I want.  I am back to battlefiled 1 now, XD"
,Not Recommended,292730,27507156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chelardy,"Whose idea was it to include the mouse acceleration??? You just end up getting all turned around and twisted whenever you make a sudden movement. Pretty damning for a game that requires, you know, sudden movements. There's something to be said about having to wait 15mins for it to preload shaders on a high-end system, having already waited for the massive game download as well. You might complete it because the story somewhat hooked you in and it looks pretty. Can't say I'll be revisiting it though."
76561198132529395,Not Recommended,292730,27554077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NeonPanda,jyt
,Not Recommended,292730,27647924,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Se7eN ツ,This game is a definition of &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;
,Not Recommended,292730,27864695,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alosto,"With sadness, I cannot recommend this game in its current state.The campaign is enjoyable, albeit short. What really kills this game is the HORRIBLE multiplayer experience. There are so many aimbots that it is simply a waste of time. The netcode itself has a horrible refresh rate (I've heard 10 Hz floating around, or around 100ms) that leads to very frustrating ""Shoot first; die first"" situations.Campaign: 7/10 (several bugs forced me to restart and ruined the immersion, but the story is very fun)Multiplayer: 2/10 (has lots of potential if they fix all the bugs and boot all the aimbots)"
,Not Recommended,292730,28151284,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,worst cod along with another bad cod ♥♥♥♥ cod
76561198243878404,Not Recommended,292730,28368158,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KING KSA,no good
,Not Recommended,292730,30204315,Posted: 26 February,all,Dr. Steve Brule,free weekend review: the multiplayer maps suck  to the infinity ward devs go play a treyarch cod to see how to make a map properly
76561197983155187,Not Recommended,292730,26418180,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MonkeyspankO,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvFRVOV469Ysame, same, feels weird and floaty. straf left and right some times doesn't work at all. will probably refund, not fun...i don't play often enought anymore, so AW and BO3 is much better for those few times I want to botheri'm sure some of this might get fixed in the coming weeks, but I can't wait that longalso, seems way too zoomed in with limited options choices...basically, in a nut shell, read the negative reviews and buy only if you're ok with most of them say. might just be my saltiness that the issue"
,Not Recommended,292730,26481383,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Brackso,"Bad just bad. I was looking forward to MW4 Remastered, but thy changed it from official servers and now runs with peer to peer. Damn what a real let down and making a good game bad. Call it MW4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead, because this is a chame for one of the best FPS games that has ever been created. And when it comes to Infinite War, it is just a another sad story on how bad modern shooters has become."
,Not Recommended,292730,26481306,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ImskiboskiTV,"The Call of Duty series has now turned into a ""Who can make a worse game"" competition. To save you the time on waiting for your refund, don't even attempt to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Upon release, the optimization of this game is horse sh*t. They expect you to have a high-end computer to be able to even appreciate the graphics. Even beyond this, I've read that people with wonderful computers are even having sh*tty FPS. Now getting to the fact that you can become a f*cking robot that will run up to you and blow you up, wtf is this game literally trying to achieve. In one of their forums, it states how this is one of the best First person shooters. like, they're trying to compare themselves to Battlefield 1, DOOM, CSGO, OVERWATCH, etc. B*tch please, this game is a social experiment to see how stupid people are to name brand games. DO NOT BUY THIS, IT'S NOT WORTH IT FOR THE REMASTER EITHER"
,Not Recommended,292730,26495100,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lamarr #Appako,ABOSLUTER HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND ALREADY DEAD I MEAN FOR GODS SAKE MORE PEOPLE ARE PLAYING FARMING SIMULATOR 2017 RIGHT NOW DONT BUY OR REFUND BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
,Not Recommended,292730,26592352,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Alstaria,"Pros:I like the new implementation of the specialist. Not quite as op as bo3.Cons:Got boring really fastvery very fast paced and unpredictablenot that fun of scorestreakshorrid animaitonspoor pc optimizaitions including frame capsmall player base even at launchI do not recomend this game at full price, wait til at least half price."
76561198087386503,Not Recommended,292730,28554823,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,InsideJeans,This game is riddled with issues.
,Not Recommended,292730,28555102,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jordy200256,Get the Bleach.
76561198322318023,Not Recommended,292730,26632482,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mighty,"ZombiesI will start off by saying Zombies is alot of fun (well its zombies ofcourse its fun) but god damn stop putting stupid easter eggs that require youtubing. Also the guns in the mystery box are all trash and the only ones worth a damn require you to do mind numbingly stupid tasks (the same tasks over and over each time you wanna play....not fun.)CampaignSeems legit, im a few chapters in and it seems solid..no beef.MultiplayerAn absolute embarrasment to gamers. player base in non existent but if u try REALLY HARD you can occasionally find a game in TDM. ( how dare i want to play more than one game mode for full retail right? )Time to kill is another cardinal sin made by this pathetic dev team assigned to multiplayer. dont worry about customising your loadout or finding your fav gun to use they will all kill in point 1 of a second.wall jumping, 1000000 diff kill streaks, sliding etc its like a circus and you idiots need to tone it the hell down.I challenge anyone to go play World at War then come back to this junk and you too will shake your head at where this franchise had ended up.How good did it feel to use a thompson or MP90 and down someone using a juggernaut perk, or use the bolt action rifles.And just 3 killsteaks radar, carpet bomb and dogs. Simple and effective, you knew what to expect and learn how to avoid.A peice of advice for you morons who i bet dont even game really. Simple is effective. You dont need to add a whole bunch of in game junk to sell a new game every year. I watched people get in fist fights to get there hands on a nintendo mini..in 2016. Simple is effective."
,Not Recommended,292730,30207827,Posted: 26 February,all,IceHawk,The game plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30129417,Posted: 23 February,all,Mrtayylmao,"Got it on free weekend, cant play zombies D:"
76561198118215258,Not Recommended,292730,26424421,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pepe Silvia,"pretty poor console port, no wonder we never got beta access.To quote Doctor Monty""Its a Facking ♥♥♥♥♥how"""
,Not Recommended,292730,33774496,Posted: 24 July,all,ElectrickFox,"I love the game its just it messed up my steam, making it really slow and I can't do anything. I wish I could just play it with no problems"
,Not Recommended,292730,31848824,Posted: 19 May,all,Volt,"TLTRGreat single player but its short and not worth $60. Zombies is a nice added game mode for those that have others to the C0-Op mode with but gets boring fast if you play solo. The multiplayer is hit or miss depending on what time you play and your time zone. In my time zone even at peek hours, I find it hard to get matches.According to Steam Chartshttp://steamcharts.com/app/2927301,880 Players online right now (of 400,000 owners)2,353 24h peak15,417 all-time peak 6 months agoThe biggest problem with the game is DLC. Activision continues to divide the already small player base further by charging and then seperating those that pay for the DLC from those that do not. So if you want to play DLC maps, good luck because the lobies are empty."
76561197970675083,Not Recommended,292730,26597692,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CHISS[FPGA],"Horrible game...Out of the box wayyy to buggy for the release date. Battlefield 1 in comparison ran smooth with barely a glitch. The arsehats at the COD franchise released a game that if you name was over 15 characters you would not get the key you earned. In addition, the mouse sensitivity issue was painful...Either too fast, too fast or too fast. Even with mouse setting in the OS, Logitech software, and in game settings it made for a painfully brutal first week and a half. Worstly, was the lack of games...On release days it was waiting for games, next day waiting for games, prime gaming time, waiting for games...No one was playing this in mass like Battlefield 1. This game was the last nail in the COD coffin...It deserves this death after this crap release. I wasted money buying this game and it should have been on Titanfall 2...Unless the COD franchise gets back to MW4 style of play, Battlefield 1 is where it is at...What a POS game Infinte Warfare is."
76561198179999003,Not Recommended,292730,26415440,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BlackLivesMatter #JK,"Don't buy this game,Multiplayer - Every time I join a lobby I am kicked out right before the game starts and because of that I have not even been     able to play 1 match yet.Now at first I thought it could be my internet or PC Problems but I know for a fact my PC and internet are perfectly working and in order.I payed $100 to play this game and so fare have not been able to do so.Zombies - Well I would give my opinion if I could actually get into a game,every time I try load up a game of zombies it makes me watch the whole intro (No skip button) and after the intro finishes it  goes to a  black sreen for about 2-3 minutes before it crashes.It is not my PC I know that much.Modern Warefare - I was really excited to play COD4 again and bring back some memories,but I had the worst experience with it this morning,I try join a multiplayer game and once it said the map was loaded in it kicked me from the lobby.Every time the green bar was full and I was ready to play it kicked me and said ""Lobby was cancelled"".It is really annoying for me to pay $100 and all this happens,I was really looking forward to today but now I wish i had saved that $100."
76561198261679809,Not Recommended,292730,26413653,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rich bitch,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30201615,Posted: 26 February,all,クッシュパイロ,This game is rightly rated as Negative. -.- Wasted my time trying it out the free weekend.
,Not Recommended,292730,30214251,Posted: 26 February,all,immelman,"Feels slower and clunkier than Black Ops 3Aslo CheatersEngine is also different or feels different from BO3I love BO3, I don't really care for this version - It just doesn't feel right?!Played the free weekend, Lots of stuff locked out - couldn't play the story mode wich is why I downloaded it in the first place even though I kinda felt like they were going to do this.Would buy just to play the story mode if it was heavily discoounted some where around 20$ USD"
,Not Recommended,292730,30182750,Posted: 25 February,all,TW1STEDL10N,Cancer
,Not Recommended,292730,30182812,Posted: 25 February,all,xempt,i want my hard drive space back.
76561198321520068,Not Recommended,292730,26425221,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SpetsnazAK47,Game sucks waste of money!!!!
76561198289865795,Not Recommended,292730,26433334,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,$$SuperLemon34$$ csgolive.com,mouse acceleration sorry forced mouse acceleration!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! unplayable !
,Not Recommended,292730,27622857,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dumbanumb,i was impressed def an amzing game until you try to play split screen or local co op zombieland cant even play local co op/split screen as we expected this needs to be fixed as COD bo3 was way better value for money.its the only reason i bought it so i could play friends at home when they come over.i completed this bad boy in about 15-20 hours and wish i hadnt as i should have requested a refund and bought it at its discounted price its clearly not even worth thatand multiplayer is flooded with cheaters.
76561198218196453,Not Recommended,292730,26454098,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,minami,"""Searching for players...""""Searching for players..."""
76561197995841881,Not Recommended,292730,26597443,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CORE,"Don't buy it, it's the most botched COD release ever.  As of writing this, the total worldwide population online is 2,800.   Just don't buy it.  They don't deserve your money, and the developers have already abandoned the game.  I'd love a refund, but they won't do it.Hackers that don't get banned, bugs galore, and a dead player base on release."
,Not Recommended,292730,30231260,Posted: 27 February,all,OmgItsVinyl,I might as well play no mans sky
,Not Recommended,292730,26430254,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,RARE_HUNTER,im beyound mad ok first off omfg mw remaster runs like crap i cant get a stable 60 frames and the good god above u say yew listen to the people you only hear these stupid kids on youtube what about the people who are there to not be the best i wanna enjoy the game u ♥♥♥♥ing add bots well done but then u turn around n add none of the fun modes like gun game to cod 4 HD now onto the main game its ok but i feels diffrent to any call of duty i played
76561198023725781,Not Recommended,292730,26460473,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ScoobyDoo,This game is Ghoists all over agiain with it's constant lag issues and Insta-spawn kills since the game spawns you 10 feet in front of an enemie
76561198230708828,Not Recommended,292730,28195679,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,EarlOfLemongrab,You like being shot through walls? How about the enemy always knowing your location? Impossible headshots constantly? This is the game for you. Im pretty descent at the game but man this game is a haclers dreamland. for hackers 10\10for the rest of us 1/10
,Not Recommended,292730,27550049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DJ Walrino,Cod ghost was a better game than this
76561198027072022,Not Recommended,292730,30957995,Posted: 5 April,all,Bungle,"I actually like the campaign and the future stuff.But having said that, I did buy this game for multiplayer but I can't stand the irritating jetpack nonsense. To me it ruins multiplayer altogetger."
,Not Recommended,292730,30516912,Posted: 14 March,all,[APG]RoboCop[CL](Linux),Don't buy this game nor the Digital Legacy Edition for CoD4 Remake HD. The gameplay and netcode sucks. And unlike CoD4 it doesnt allow Mod support nor clanserver rentals so far. But I won't hold my breath.
,Not Recommended,292730,30135277,Posted: 23 February,all,Ｍｕｎｓ,this game sucks monkey balls lmaoglad i bought bf1 ♥♥♥♥ing activision jews
,Not Recommended,292730,26444792,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dick Sledge#!,Handles like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,29442346,Posted: 23 January,all,Cal,"MW4 Remastered is riddled with bugs and FPS drops. If thats the only reason youre picking this game up, dont bother, just buy the original."
,Not Recommended,292730,26450713,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ⒹⒾⒺⒼ,This game gave me butt flu and I gave it a chance. Nothing works and its just a lame game. Save your money.
,Not Recommended,292730,27851234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MvP|LisaUQQ,Game is just bad. Dont get it.
,Not Recommended,292730,27653905,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,oXi,so bad..
,Not Recommended,292730,26427481,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,vMOTEv,"Can't even play the campaign, I keep getting stuck on the loading screen.And same for muiltplayer and zombies.Thanks for letting me buy a♥♥♥♥♥♥game for a good game :/"
76561198354141276,Not Recommended,292730,31054046,Posted: 9 April,all,TexAg1991,this game is full of hackers and Stream/Activision does nothing to stop them.
76561198266874204,Not Recommended,292730,26447856,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Wifi_Warrior,Titanfall 2 is nearly superior to Infinite Warfare in almost everyway. All it needs is a good sized community behind it that doesnt blindly follow the CoD franchise.And I say that as someone who swore by CoD and didnt like the 1st Titanfall.Not this time though. Infinite Warfare isnt even worth the MW Remaster bundle..Get Titanfall 2 or BF1 instead
76561198280202288,Recommended,292730,31853259,Posted: 19 May,all,5fdp0585,"I bought Infinite Warefare for $29 today 5-19-2017 and i have 3.5hours clocked according to Steam. Now I was quite afraid to get this game on PC because of all the bad reviews about bad perfomance and this and that and also with the big 70GB download file size. But because of the free weekend thing (Multiplayer ONLY) I decided to download the game and see if my PC could handle it.First my PC set up:i7 4790K 4.0 GHZ (4.4ghz OC)Asus VG248 144hz 1ms monitorMSI GTX 970 (the card that ACTUALLY has 4GB of VRam)Z97 Gaming 5 Motherboard. 24GB of vengeance ramAnd Windows 10 64bit (with all the latest drivers and updated NVIDIA drivers)Now for my little review:The frame rate I got for Multiplayer was always around 85 to 95FPS (mostly 91FPS) and only a few times did the frame rate dip to around 40-50FPS at times when things got really crazy on screen with the action and stuff but that was ONLY a few times. 98% of the time for me I always got around 90 or so FPS. And the game never once stuttered. Never once crashed on me. Never once gave me ANY issues. And i got into multiplayer matches VERY fast. I was a bit surprised actually.  ALOT of people HATE the sci fi setting and futuristic setting and I respect how they feel but i LOVE the futuristic stuff i get a kick out of it. The zombies part I LOOOVED that a lot. Even as a solo player I LOVED how amazing the graphics looked and how much fun I was having. VERY VERY happy I made the purchase. Im so sorry to hear about those who are having so many issues. I guess im just a lucky PC gamer i dont know. But Im very much enjoying the game quite a bit. Also the campaign is a hell of fun for me. Again NO crashes NO stuttering NO frame rate drops. I get around 80-100 FPS depending on whats going on. But no issues at all with my system, And i only paid $29 for this game which is awesome. Anyways if ANYONE wants to comment on my review or ask questions feel free to."
76561198042510752,Not Recommended,292730,26443195,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jarka<Nr.1>,its a really bad game ... Jumping like ..... best game is a call of duty modern warfare 2
,Not Recommended,292730,26420668,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jelle,"I wish I could play the game before reviewing, but since I can't even lower the settings without the game crashing on me, I don't even need to play the game.Don't buy until they release a patch were they actual try to make it playable on PC."
76561197970938876,Not Recommended,292730,31266550,Posted: 20 April,all,And_Raped_By_Hillary_Clinton,hahahaha no
,Not Recommended,292730,26500051,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SEPTiX,Broken... keys are bugged and constant lag
,Recommended,292730,28243828,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,body builder [BLS],The refund button works well
,Recommended,292730,33146411,Posted: 2 July,all,Focket,"Criminally underrated...because of the criminal practices of Infinity Ward and Activision. Supply drops and cod points ruin an already technical mess of a PC port. 91 FPS cap, no 144hz support, and overall messy optimization cover up an amazing campaign, multiplayer, and zombies experience (I love Zombies in Spaceland way too much for my own good). The campaign features space fights and even side missions, both of which have rarely been seen in Cod. Multiplayer is fun, nothing much to say there. Zombies however is AMAZING. Zombies in spaceland is one of the best zombie maps ever in the cod zombies series. Overall, Infinite Warfare is a great game, but it is ruined by bad technical issues and scummy practices."
76561198255581997,Not Recommended,292730,26411414,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,icouldbeyourmom <ITS ETHAN>,Looks cool but my game don't even wanna load the first level .Refund done
,Not Recommended,292730,30160339,Posted: 24 February,all,Napalmzzz,Beyond horrible - Game is free to play for a week but just don't even bother.. I wouldn't play it if you paid me to.
76561198016456978,Not Recommended,292730,30628587,Posted: 19 March,all,Night Crawler,"I would say that Infinite warfare is one of the worst games in the series.  I don’t mean the look of the game in fact it is very nice however that being said the total lack of the company to prevent hacking which is very rampant and very blatant is incredible. Also, the P2P is utterly useless.  The amount of lag that is in this game is incredible.   Also, the downright lying done by the companies developing these games is unbelievable.  The old analogy applies “Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me! I would never trust what comes out of the mouths of the companies developing these games again.If they really want to get rid of the lag and hacking they should go back to dedicated servers where clans can purchase servers and administrate them themselves.  This would go a long way in redeeming the COD franchise.  Also since they have been using the same game engine for most of the entire COD franchise it is starting to so to show it’s age.All in all, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30548265,Posted: 16 March,all,GeorgePillages,Maybe they should focus less on graphics and making gameplay that isn't garbage. The story wasn't as bad as bo3 at least though. Was looking forward to MWRM until they ruined that too..
,Not Recommended,292730,30146722,Posted: 24 February,all,drew2319,"It's still Call of Duty.Still an incredible resource hog, and I get lagspikes every time an enemy turns the corner, resulting in a prompt death. Ttk is still really fast, and jetpacks don't help. Played with an Nvidia 1070 on low settings."
,Not Recommended,292730,30152929,Posted: 24 February,all,juanse,"I tried this game on this free weekend. So far I've being like half an hour trying to find a match, did it on the deathmatch and free for all, having no result and not actually being able to play at all! I don't have anything else to judge it, if I can't find a match now that the game is free to play, I don't even want to imagine how it'll be when the trial is over. I don't have anything else but to not recommend it. Will update if there is any change"
76561198118150780,Not Recommended,292730,30176294,Posted: 25 February,all,corrupted17,Absolute garbage and unplayable. The free weekend isn't even worth trying.
76561198333830108,Not Recommended,292730,30175977,Posted: 25 February,all,Loco Doulaz,This games is...BAD. 3/10 way to fast for map size you only win gunfights if your gun shoots fast and only if your jumping up and down also the game is dead you can only play some game modes because all of the brain dead prople who got this only play tdm and hardcore tdmDONT BUY THIS!!!  Get insurgency very cheep its a dimond covered by lazyly made AAA titles made for a fast buckDONT BUY
,Not Recommended,292730,30176474,Posted: 25 February,all,PEPSI MAN,"Looking at the guns made me puke....tried to join a match: can`t. game says: ""status burgundia"" (wtf does that mean)almost all content was locked (free weekend)everywhere even on some videos they smack in your face when navigating through the main menu there is a guy talking like he`s mr tough guy and talks like he does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ its real cringe.ALSO: COD4 remastered is a bonus they say, however to me cod4 remastered is the game i want to buy and infinite warfare is like the random♥♥♥♥♥♥programs you get sometimes when installing something completely different."
,Not Recommended,292730,30165524,Posted: 25 February,all,Archaicus,"Doesn't feel like Call of Duty. It strayed way off the standard CoD had. It's bad, don't buy it."
76561197970516049,Not Recommended,292730,30449268,Posted: 11 March,all,archae79,Fun play - when one actually gets to play it. Way too short. I agree with a previous player that there are too many cut scenes. My General rule of ROI for a game being $1 per hour of playtime (or less) is out the window on this one. Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,292730,26454547,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Overloaded_Wolf,"Ok. So all of these negative reviews are complete and utter garbage. Infinte Warefare is a fair game. It sets its place in time and really sells itself to be a futuristic shooter. Yes, it has similar jumping mechanics as black ops 3. In another light, it improved upon their boost system from Advanced Warfare. Infinty Ward saw the movement of Black Ops 3 and implemented a similar movement system in their game. Which, for the time and setting, works extremely well. Yes, its multiplayer is kind of lack luster as it is a standard staple in any Call of Duty game. The multiplayer is dry and does not lend itself anything unique to the player. This is more or less just for those who just enjoy the run and gun Call of Duty multiplayer. Either way, its pretty bad. Also the PC version has even worse PvP. Good progression, but with almost no one to progress against, its kind of sad.Now, lets get to the meat and potatos of this review, the campaign. This has got to be one of the most fun and emotionally hitting Call of Duty campaigns I have played since Call of Duty: Modern Warfare. Even though the main campaign has flaws like A.I. bugs and what not, it can be overlooked for its great mission system and its well writen story. You start out playing a newly-appointed captain in the United Nation's Space Alliance (UNSA), Nick Reyes, who is tasked to lead a crew to defeat the Settlement Defense Front (SDF), a group of insurgents who broke away from the UNSA. This campaign has the right amount of action and depth I would want from a Call of Duty campaign. There are 3 different mission types. You have your main story mission and 2 side mission types. Those being infiltration missions and a space flight missions with your ship (of which, in my opinion, has really good controls). After doing a few infiltration missions, I realized that the maps look rather similar in layout. But that can be excused being that there are standards in layouts of ships.Last thing to talk about is Zombies in Spaceland. It's fun, it's zombies, and it has easter eggs, and its great. The boss is extremely difficult and there are really nice mechanics added in. I can only say try this out. One tip, learn the locations of the power switches. There are 5 in total and you will miss them. The traps are probably some of the most hilarious traps I have seen. I remember finding the monkey bomb silly, this beats the cake. It has a ticket system where you can buy certain grenades and extras in the map by playing mini-games/arcade games and completeing objectives on top of the existing money system. Manage your points, aim for the legs in the first round, and don't forget to Hassel the Hoff.I hope this review was helpful. I am going to say it isn't worth the entire $60 asking price, so probably wait for a sale if you aren't a die-hard CoD fan. If you would like more reviews from me, give this review a thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30158991,Posted: 24 February,all,Poly,"MultiplayerI don't know what it is, but it's not CoD. The controls feel goofy. All weapons are more or less the same: low recoil, rapid fire, no distinct signature. Just spray and play. Everything looks clinical. But that's not the worst. The biggest problem with this 'sequel' is: the multiplayer is full of hackers – aimbotting and wallhacking you like crazy. Hackers won't even bother to deny, since there is no VAC ban. Thus, it's pointless to play online. But if you do, you'll never be able to join anything but TDM. Have fun...Single PlayerThe single player campaign plays a bit too synthetic in the beginning. It has its nice litle moments. I wish the writers had done a better job throughout the entire game, because the ending is very disappointing. The setting feels like a mix between 'The Expanse' and 'Wing Commander'. Accidentally, you are becoming a captain of a huge space carrier, yet you're still doing all the suicidal infantry missions by yourself? Then everybody dies – what a confusion!The CoD franchise is dead – brain dead!"
,Not Recommended,292730,31121793,Posted: 13 April,all,רון שלוה הומו,"Just buy BO3, More players and better graphics.Unless you buy it for MWR, MWR Is pretty good...IW- 5/10MWR- 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26425679,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,KangarooJoey,"I tried coming into this game with an open mind, ignoring all the dislikes on youtube videos and troll comments everywhere, but in the end I guess it is all true. COD really does suck. There are so many other shooters to put your time and money into.The multiplayer just seems like a random ♥♥♥♥ fest of people running around, jumping everywhere and spawning behind you.The Zombies mode has a really cool astethic, but I havent played zombies since the original Black Ops so I am completely lost on how the new zombies works and the game dosent really tell you what to do.The COD 4 remaster is currently a terrible port. You cant even change mouse sensitivity. The game lags for like 30 seconds everytime you play on a new map, then smooths out.  It just feels like a clunky mess.Maybe ill go repurchase COD 4 remaster on its own if they ever release a standalone, but for $80 for IW and the Remaster I think it is not worth it."
76561198004373019,Not Recommended,292730,26439207,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chomp,"Total Trash, copy paste futuristic trash. cod is dead"
,Not Recommended,292730,26414146,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,o57_Pixels,"Game runs worse than ArmA 2.I dunno anymore guys.I was so excited to play MWR and even IW, and I just...... Can't. Like at all.I'm really torn up about this. I played MW on the 360 when it first came out, and loved every second of every CoD (save for Ghost- ♥♥♥♥ that game) since.And I can't play the remaster.Good stuff Infinite Ward."
76561198308620731,Not Recommended,292730,28912787,Posted: 1 January,all,Someone 223 YT,This game wont work it doesnt download all neccesary files it only doownloads 1 and it takes 2 days to download 1 file Dont buy this game it doesnt work
76561198001222682,Not Recommended,292730,28840846,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PUD Muscle,"Wasre of time. Compatibility issues, on my $2000.00 PC. Not worth the hastle. Sent back for a refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,26437623,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,007RkB,Campaign is excellent. But the MP is♥♥♥♥♥♥ And they are not  updating the game on PC but ps4 and Xbox one player are getting the update. Not recommended this game on PC.
,Not Recommended,292730,30196222,Posted: 26 February,all,FaZe PoPo,"Totes not what cod should be xD itd be decent if it didnt havce those supply drops, my prediction is next cod = old skool but itll suck cause of supply drops, it wont have the grind level and will be boring after 10 days or less :P"
,Not Recommended,292730,30174514,Posted: 25 February,all,Spongebob porn,"1. no communism2. need to pay more money to see chernobyl and communism3. basically Titanfall and overwatch ♥♥♥♥ed eachother in the ♥♥♥♥♥ and made a kid called cod infinite warfare, but the child is sadly diagnosed with autism"
,Not Recommended,292730,30195267,Posted: 26 February,all,NaisOne,Stealin ya weapons and ya mapsmaking em♥♥♥♥♥♥step up nigr
,Not Recommended,292730,30143504,Posted: 24 February,all,cookiedamron,"Not interested at all, if you're going to make us download a 40 GB file just to block us out from playing anything but the multiplayer, NOT EVEN A SETTINGS MENU, you're sadly mistaken that I'd buy it. Now I know why your game is flopping so badly."
76561198213117048,Not Recommended,292730,30182969,Posted: 25 February,all,Big Daddy,This game like to crash and should be avoided.No wonder there is currently a 50% off sale on this POS.
,Not Recommended,292730,30182970,Posted: 25 February,all,Altoon,"Played for one TDM, this game is complete trash. I would rather play club penguin for 48 hours straight than another second of this horrific cod."
76561197979835132,Not Recommended,292730,30132234,Posted: 23 February,all,PheralCat,"Movement feels clunky.  Everyone has insta-kill, one-shot weapons, on STANDARD - not even hardcore.  The lag from the non-dedicated server clearly show you hit someone, until you die, and then killcam shows you never even turned and fired at the enemy.  Netcode can't compensate. For a company that made so much money and NOT give dedicated servicers is a slap in your face.  If you don't host the server you will likely lose.  Everyone is just camping corners, so you should too, thats the game. There is no depth to the graphics, so everything near and far looks two dimensional, instead of three dimensional like in other shooters.  It's like paper cut-outs are trying to kill you.   Too much jumpy-jumpy rocket man jet packs.  Too many gotcha-holes in the floor where you fall and die for no good reason making this worse than Titanfall 2.  This is not at all fun."
76561198064856222,Not Recommended,292730,30179881,Posted: 25 February,all,TheGeneral,Hackers paradise! Do not waste your money on this one...
,Not Recommended,292730,30159110,Posted: 24 February,all,zotols,thought of giving it a try during 'free weekend' turns out about 95% percent of the stuffs are locked. cant get into any matches and the only thing that works is the store.yes the store works! wow who wouldnt want to spent some money on COD points!just.dont.bother.
,Not Recommended,292730,30193055,Posted: 26 February,all,xXx_DarkIce_xXx,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Рогалик за 2к рубасов... Лост конекшн: Статус - Бургундия \ 10
,Not Recommended,292730,30149906,Posted: 24 February,all,AsherOS,"I played the beta on PS4 and thought it was just ok, but i couldn't play it at all on PC, as it crashes everytime I tried to join a match."
76561198045017239,Not Recommended,292730,30147422,Posted: 24 February,all,Randy Newman,Infinite Warfare? More like Lobby Simulator 2016.
76561198121775141,Not Recommended,292730,30149897,Posted: 24 February,all,Freejek38,♥♥♥♥♥game.....Since 2011.
,Not Recommended,292730,30156027,Posted: 24 February,all,Whillztah,i rate bad
,Not Recommended,292730,30156052,Posted: 24 February,all,Krazorr,"just no, dont even think about getting it xD if you wanna play cod get a console"
,Not Recommended,292730,30156223,Posted: 24 February,all,IrkSomeAuto,To many server issues and to many crashes not even worth playing during the free weekend.
76561198234195340,Not Recommended,292730,30155967,Posted: 24 February,all,PlasticEagle,"This game is crap ngl! I gave it a fair chance by not judging it until i played it (i played on free weekend) and its awful. I feel like ur just walking and out of no where blue lasers come bouncing around corners and lasers r just coming from every where. as well, the run meta is so bad! I feel like im fighting with the game to friken run forward! dont buy not worth it! they only want ur money, i.e. they just adding tons of supply drop weapons! wtf 200 new weapons last week."
,Not Recommended,292730,30156113,Posted: 24 February,all,steveinsanity,"campaign is locked, so much for ""free weekend."" More like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ demo"
76561198095483599,Not Recommended,292730,30180414,Posted: 25 February,all,Red Vort3x,was going to buy it but after trying it i changed my mind due to the terrible frame rate.
76561198248661906,Not Recommended,292730,30156126,Posted: 24 February,all,SpeirSide,"Its an ok game, but I would never buy it. If you want a good futuristic fps, get Titan Fall 2"
,Not Recommended,292730,30156190,Posted: 24 February,all,Leeroy,Free WeekendAlmost everything is locked off and requires you to purchase the game...
,Not Recommended,292730,30180415,Posted: 25 February,all,Famine,doesnt work
76561198142717371,Not Recommended,292730,30155988,Posted: 24 February,all,nfg25,"Might be good if it worked.Tried downloading the Multi-Player on their F2P weekend, and it's pretty broken. 5-6 minutes on launch waiting for the shaders to load before I give up and cancel it and risk their ""nagatively impacted performance"". First time making it to the lobby, there was an update for some list, and the game froze. Had to CTRL-ALT-DEL to exit it. Second try, cancel neverending shader loading, get to lobby, and game hangs forever loading the game. Never left the player-list screen. Tried backing out and it freezes after hitting ""quit"" at the Main Menu.You should not be required to exit a game using the three-fingered-salute. I've been looking for a new CoD game to try since I'm now gaming 99% on PC, but this isn't a good sign. Glad I didn't buy it, even cheaply.If I can ever get into the game to play it, then I might be able to recommend it. Only Multi-Player available to me as of now.Specs, for those neysayers:FX8320E @ 3.8ghz16gb DDR3 RAMMSI RX470 4GB @1.3ghz60mbps Internet."
,Not Recommended,292730,30156045,Posted: 24 February,all,Soup,"Black Ops 3 and Ghosts had a baby, and it was ugly."
,Not Recommended,292730,30180023,Posted: 25 February,all,DIRTYDEEDS,Bad news  free weekend didnt happen
,Not Recommended,292730,30180403,Posted: 25 February,all,max,free weekend-tried-dont likesimple as that
,Not Recommended,292730,28702052,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FiskenTillAttack,cant play it only comes to the loading screen.
,Not Recommended,292730,29027906,Posted: 4 January,all,Nightmare!,"Note: Because this game's singleplayer campaign is its greatest redeeming quality, some minor spoilers may be included in the review.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare (IW) had the distinction of potentially bringing the CoD franchise back from the brink of sequential, irrevocable decay.  It's not that recent CoD games have been bad, per se, but they have lacked the impressive plot developments of titles like Modern Warfare 1 and Black Ops 1/2.   Advanced Warfare, Black Ops 3 and others like Ghosts, have all been staid, formulaic entries in the franchise.  Interestingly, while the game has a lot of potential and is brought forth by the makers of the greatest CoD developer: Infinity Ward, IW manages to fall flat on its face.  Despite the creation of Respawn that drained Infinity Ward of a large sum of its talent, the ensuing Infinite Warfare release is stylish and well directed, with oodles of atmosphere and charm but the game is filled with so many significant flaws and missteps that one can't help but rue all of its missed opportunities.Technically, IW is a solid entry.  The game has an impressive graphics engine and is easily one of the most attractive and stylish first person shooters on the market.  Simply check out some of my screenshots for examples of the excellent character modeling, equipment design and gorgeous vistas that consistently populate IW.  The game's system requirements are low and my system was able to run IW at 1440p, high/medium settings, while still generating ~40-45 fps during the campaign (Core i5/16 GB RAM/780m 4GB iMac).  While I wouldn't recommend 45 fps during multiplayer, the campaign is perfectly fluid and playable at those settings.  I discovered no game-breaking glitches and with the exception of some setting resets and issues with game shutdown, IW was relatively well-assembled.  Could the game be better optimized for PC? Absolutely but it is hardly broken, nor unplayable.In addition to the gorgeous graphics and great set pieces, IW also has excellent sound, with spectacular voice acting (some of the best I've heard in *any* game), and wonderful music ranging from popular pop/rock classics to orchestral theme songs that are both moving and motivating.  Within the campaign itself, IW shows a series of franchise innovations, including protracted vehicle fights, base-exploration and mission selection.  The selling point of the game dwells in the perfect split between on-foot combat, blended seemlessly with frenetic ship-to-ship dogfights.  Whie the dogfighting and piloting are simplistic at times, I applaud Infinity Ward for attempting to pull the CoD franchise outside its boundaries.  Base exploration, while relatively cosmetic, is still fun and unlocking all the weapon upgrades is a neat pursuit.  Selecting your missions is not as open as it seems with minimal impact on the story depending on whether you complete all the missions or not (it doesn't make any significant difference).Weapons feel good for the most part, with the exception of the shotguns which often feel underpowered and appear malformed.  The Erad might be the exception.  Shooting combat is remarkably similar to previous CoD games and in that respect, fans of the series should be right at home.  Additional technological additions include boost jump (think double jump on steroids), specialized grenades from frag, to gravity, to shock(droids), to seeker spiders.  You can hack enemy bots and use them temporarily and there are a mix of heavy weapons available as well.  The game employs minimal stealth elements or you can choose to run/gun your way through the entire game.  Piloting, if you can call it that, feels more like Descent, than Star Citizen and you have options for upgrades including weapons, armor, but not much more.  The game obviously tries to capture a Mass Effect/Battlestar Galactica lovechild vibe that it sometimes pulls off successfully.The game can feel remarkably well polished/directed during one moment and can completely suck you out of the immersion with a loading screen, the next.  Still, as a whole the campaign works, as you play the part of Nick Reyes a SCAR lieutenant for the Earth forces that is forced into the command chair, when the USNA Retribution, the fleet's flagship, is one of the few vessels left after a dastardly Pearl-Harboresque strike by the almost paper-thin Mars-based SDF forces.  SDF enemies, including the truly evil leader Koch are laughably under characterized within the game and serve as a foil and nothing more.  Still, the campaign's strength doesn't dwell within an excellent villain but, instead, in the absolute great characterization of your crew from Salter, Omar, Gator, Ethan, to Kashima, McCallum and more.  It is during the spectacular set pieces that have you raiding enemy ships, escaping sun-bound asteroids, mounting desperate full-scale assaults, conducting black ops on frozen moons and even zero-G combat that you get to know, appreciate and care about these characters.And impressively, characters will die a lot and often.  That makes this CoD game perhaps the most avant garde and courageous since MW 1 or BO 1.  The game ending alone salvaged my opinion of the single player campaign when things quickly went from bad to worse and I had to watch the perils of command ravage my crew for the sake of completing the mission.  The campaign credits even show KIA logs that you can play and listen to that are often heart-wrenching and sorrowful.  I haven't felt as strongly about the characters in a CoD game in ages and I have to honestly say that the singleplayer campaign is a great success.  IW's campaign can be completed in 10 hours at a moderate pace and I finished the game at Regular difficulty.Unforunately, that's where all of IW's triumphs end.  The PC version of the game lacked the much-promised/intimated multiplayer servers and operates using P2P which means that you are often stuck playing with poor ping which is damning in a twitch shooter like IW.  Multiplayer itself is divided into a variety of modes but feels remarkably similar to a scaled down version of Advanced Warfare, which in turn appeared to be a warmed over representation of Titanfall 1.  While multiplayer is certainly fun and I would love to play it, the game is a veritable ghost town as of January 1st.  Literally.  ***During a span of four hours, I was able to participate in only 2 matches.***  The game rarely ranks in the top 100 most played Steam titles, despite its recent release, and because multiplayer relies on matchmaking, you often wait in a lobby, desperately hoping that the slots will populate.  Playing two games in four hours is unacceptable and I fear that the multiplayer is already withered on the vine.Black Ops 3's multiplayer has higher player counts, despite being an older game.  This lack of player base can be attributed to the generic combat, pervasiveness of out-of-control hacking and general dislike for the game's matchmaking.  On the first game, that I was lucky enough to play, the matchmaking placed three level 1 players (myself included) along with one level 18 against ***FIVE*** level 20-40s.  Really Infinity Ward? Really?  Heinous matchmaking like that made gameplay beyond frustrating and ruined the multiplayer experience.  Another game had a hacker that was routinely shooting 3-4 players through walls within a span of 2-4 seconds.  The individiual laughed and stated that he would never be banned and, to be honest, he's probably right.In short, the multiplayer is unplayable.  Zombies is a cartoony mess staged in Tomorrowland.  Neither of the aforementioned modes will produce any significant gameplay hours and, consequently, I cannot recommend IW in good conscience.  Even on Steam sale for $40, I feel cheated and jipped out of my money.  The campaign is certainly worth a $20 price tag, but certainly not twice that.This will probably be the last CoD game I buy for a while.6/10."
,Not Recommended,292730,29202075,Posted: 12 January,all,Cyanic Dream,"So they add 700 new items but still no leaderboards? Not to mention this game has NO anti cheat practically. People run around rampant with aimbots and walls but never get banned. Save your money for that sole reason alone, if they end up implementing VAC or any decent anti-cheat then I'd recommend it. But as of now, not even a little."
76561198119819934,Not Recommended,292730,30184849,Posted: 25 February,all,GrantWB123,Hilariously BAD! Wow I thought the negative reviews were overreacting but it is really one of the WORST games I have played in my life! Worth at most 10 bucks... but even then it's a waste of time.
76561198165631643,Not Recommended,292730,30184896,Posted: 25 February,all,DrC89,trash
,Not Recommended,292730,30184972,Posted: 25 February,all,﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽,"Online doesnt even work, lose connection everytime i try and join a lobby. Not even a good game to begin with let alone all the bugs"
76561198080266641,Not Recommended,292730,30129761,Posted: 23 February,all,mattr_94,"Can't get any maps to load, either in online games or in private matches. But having played it before on console I wouldn't recommend it anyway. The campaign is the best since CoD4, if at some point it's available for less than $20 it might be worth picking up to play. But the multiplayer is awful, designed entirely around getting people to buy CoD points and supply drops to get weapon variants. Go and get one of the Treyarch CoD's if you want a good one to play."
,Not Recommended,292730,30180483,Posted: 25 February,all,Black,this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole game is dead its way better on console COD is not meant for PC KYS
,Not Recommended,292730,30186486,Posted: 25 February,all,|  ToUCH  |,only people in team camp match....(i used to cod a hell of a lot btw)same ol rinse and repeat bs...Crashes.....
,Not Recommended,292730,30196013,Posted: 26 February,all,Not the Pope,♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Not Recommended,292730,30132526,Posted: 23 February,all,Glitchman,"boring, stutters a lot, dead community. save your money. not worth it"
,Not Recommended,292730,30193429,Posted: 26 February,all,xcomponent,"10 hrs in MP, more than enough to say the worst maps in COD history, I can live with almost everything else (except the 91fps lock), but the maps make this game a terrible, terrible waste of time!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30178421,Posted: 25 February,all,Lucas,"This 'free weekend' only has multiplayer or else you have to buy the game.Weird FPS drops, glitches, dumb gameplay, pay to play and no console.This stupid game is not worth a dime and 50GB."
,Not Recommended,292730,30190624,Posted: 26 February,all,EXTREMEPOSTY,"This is a terrible port.  I had to end  the games process to get out of  the game when I changed it to full screen. The game froze looking for a match  , I tried to end task/process but it wouldn't let me   and continously   played sounds that were equivelant to  morse code at  me.  Had to manually reset my computer. Not even going to try to place this again. I have had better luck with early access  games like Ark and Conan exiles . If you want to make money on PC you have to actually put some morem oney and effort into the development of these games.   In a world where you can play free first eprson shooters on PC  that are better and run better than this game, this game is pointless garbage."
76561198200160714,Not Recommended,292730,30158345,Posted: 24 February,all,Big Ounce,Dis game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥LMAO!!!! The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game doesnt even start?!
,Not Recommended,292730,30147125,Posted: 24 February,all,Spooks,yeah nah it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30146396,Posted: 24 February,all,Seyo,"Free Weekend Impression:Coming from CSGO and R6 Siege I felt like the default sens was a little too high so I went to the settings to change it, no problem. However, it turrns out that you can only change your HIPFIRE sens, not ADS sens. So when I ADS I throw the aim all over the place. To clarify, ADS sens is LOCKED, no matter if you prefer it high or low you can not change it from default, only hipfire sens can be changed. Unacceptable for a PC FPS.Gameplay-wise it felt like just another CoD but the sens issue got in the way of my will to explore the game further. Do not recommend."
76561198357588900,Not Recommended,292730,30194857,Posted: 26 February,all,DANK_GAMER101,"Wasted  nearly 50gb of bandwidth to download this and try it out  :-(On the brighter side I didnt buy it and ""UNINSTALL"" button works well  :-)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30191087,Posted: 26 February,all,JustAStar181,Dont Buy This Game!
,Not Recommended,292730,30203406,Posted: 26 February,all,brice,How to get good frames on Infinte Warfare:1) Install2) Click play3) Then exit and play Modern Warfare Remastered.
,Not Recommended,292730,30205760,Posted: 26 February,all,Robby,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30207121,Posted: 26 February,all,ุ,So dissappointed in the call of duty franchise now. Wasted time and space on hard drive. Loaded game couldnt even play matches and would freeze when going back to main menu.I have a 980ti16gb rami7 4790KHopefully Treyarch can revive the flatline that activision has caused.
,Not Recommended,292730,30205575,Posted: 26 February,all,ZNT,"we need more P2P connection FPS. they srly need to step up their game, p2p connection is the best connection!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30147602,Posted: 24 February,all,「Zero☭」,worst CoD I have ever played and I played all of them..
76561198162366145,Not Recommended,292730,30184565,Posted: 25 February,all,TampaRay,Impossible to join lobbies with friends. Why would I buy this game if it doesn't even work during the free weekend?
76561198328586070,Not Recommended,292730,30222262,Posted: 27 February,all,Grumpy PanDa |,it's horrible!! i have this game for a day and i still haven't play one single online match casue THERES no lobby to be found..
76561198165610181,Not Recommended,292730,30153930,Posted: 24 February,all,llama with scarf,Matchmaking and UX are poor.
76561198024004996,Not Recommended,292730,30159179,Posted: 24 February,all,Peanut,"Yeah I enjoyed this game.I installed it, tried to change some video settings before beginning my adventure as a peon for a galactic army, game froze. But that's ok. I loaded it back up, changed another setting. It froze again.Ehhh that's ok, I'll reboot it again and just load into a game.I made a class and entered a lobby. Map would never load... And then it froze when it realized it couldn't load the map..But then yeah, I enjoyed uninstalling it from my computer."
,Not Recommended,292730,30145987,Posted: 24 February,all,Rip America (1776 - 2017),"I can't even get into a match. My internet is fine, but I keep disconnecting even when trying to play a solo match against bots. Wouldn't spend money on this after the free weekend."
76561198184309358,Not Recommended,292730,30160679,Posted: 25 February,all,shinmattsou,Match started. Loading level...
76561198102678349,Not Recommended,292730,30158531,Posted: 24 February,all,Alfonzo9000,"Downloaded the game for the free weekend since I used to love CoD what back when. Booted it up and immediately noticed how generic and drab everything felt. Its like they were using all the boring military tropes but with space suits. Hopped into a match and it felt alien. This isn't the CoD I used to love playing back in the Black Ops 1 days, this is someting new that feels really really hollow."
76561197962936072,Not Recommended,292730,30134592,Posted: 23 February,all,KaTst3R,For ♥♥♥♥ sake...take this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥off the steam store. It is ♥♥♥♥ing buggy as hell and crashes everytime i change a value in the options. There is also no one playing this game online....what a waste of time to download 40gb worth of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198090698853,Not Recommended,292730,30152602,Posted: 24 February,all,Dwagin,"Not a bad game as everyone says it to be, if the game had no supply drops it would be a balanced fun game, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t variants have returned and they are as bad as Advanced Warfare's. Everyone who still plays this dead game just uses whatever is the best one. This is the real problem and always has been since 2014 but nobody cared until it infected MWR. Instead people hop on the bandwagon and claim to hate the future setting which brings a lot more content and will never become stale since we don't know how it'll play out. All in all, if the game wasn't dead and didn't have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t supply drops I would say try it, but instead people would much rather play the rehashed Battlefield 1 instead. Just go buy something else, if you really want to play this game buy it on consoles."
76561198036008648,Not Recommended,292730,30154713,Posted: 24 February,all,Valorix,"Wanted to try campaign mode since I don't really care for multiplayer. Of course, you don't find out that campaign mode isn't available in the ""free"" weekend until AFTER you download and install 50GB. Uninstalled."
76561198092617132,Not Recommended,292730,26440680,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bablo,do not buy this game or you will get cancer
,Not Recommended,292730,28751935,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Red Tomato,es ist einfach scheisse infiniti geht nicht remasterd-multiplayer geht nicht nur die mission kann ich spielen von remasterd                               ;(
,Not Recommended,292730,30134416,Posted: 23 February,all,xXrelichXx,If you want to play call of duty and want a good experience this is not the game for you. BO3 is better than this garbage. MP is locked to 90 fps and drops frames anytime near an enemy.Specs:i5 6600k @ 4.5 GHzGTX 107016Gb RAMWindows 10 pro
,Not Recommended,292730,30176203,Posted: 25 February,all,It's Rakaii ツ,Cant even get in a gameI dont even own this game and I want a refund
76561198274674241,Not Recommended,292730,30204688,Posted: 26 February,all,Daremane,"Fun while it lasted from free weekend (Thx).Basically a tuned BO3 (played the free weekend also).Maps have no place for sniper or midrange.100% CQB maps AFAIK. Oh, and spaces for jungle gym for kids.I heared lots of them screamed ""weeeee"" (including me) ... and diedThe movement speed is dialled down to give space for speed upgrades.Good for adapting the game. But instantly creamed by lvl 55 players.No weapon can counter that dudes from low level player.No time to cry either. Not cool.I guess the level 55 dudes can go back to their caves again now thatafter the free weekend is over since rarely ppl are in it.Many BO2 players dont pay the DLC @ my region.Now added in-game purchases? Is this the future?Should the game got cycled for certain year, i dontthink the features must be too complex.Am i wrong here for thinking that?Interesting link i add regarding the microtransaction:https://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2016/11/04/call-of-duty-infinite-warfares-awful-supply-drop-loot-boxes-are-ultimately-our-fault/#5fb2681f1d34Btw i played about 1000hrs on MW3 dedicated mod server.Many hours on MW2 mod server too and MW1.I by no means am a great player, but good enough to know.Again, thx for letting me play for free for 11 hrs.Don't be too modern. We basically r chipmunks.Recommend this game? Sorry, i have to say no."
76561198051070177,Not Recommended,292730,30201904,Posted: 26 February,all,vvanss,multiplayer -singlplayer ?
,Not Recommended,292730,30203663,Posted: 26 February,all,Bread,♥♥♥♥♥♥ fuycking game kysand emmauel kys 2 u ♥♥♥♥iung♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,28897975,Posted: 1 January,all,♔Glitchez,I would of had more fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on $80....
,Not Recommended,292730,26430217,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Souflyte,"Now where to start with this... Campaign feels good and plays nicely, guns feel good and story isn't bad. Zombies are nice, probably better than black ops 3, the map is huge and there's a lot of stuff to discover and do in it. Now for the bad part : the multiplayer. As much as I want to like this game, I just can't. Multiplayer just feels bad, maps are too small and feel cluttered, sniper rifles are basically a joke considering the size of the map and how bad they are compared to assault rifles/SMGs.  Shotguns are pure garbage even in hardcore. The payloads feel great and are really fun tho. It is almost impossible to find a hardcore game as it currently has one of the lowest player bases I've ever seen for a CoD. Overall, not worth the money. 3/10 wouldn't buy again"
76561198282326345,Not Recommended,292730,26429318,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tactical_troller!!,Anyone whoever have played or wwatched whole halo series you will never like this game just like me......all same looking character same space ships every thing looks like call of duty: Halo returns o_O...... wtf i almost laughed out loud on the same repeatative ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. Call of duty have truely ♥♥♥♥ed up and for multiplayer its ♥♥♥♥ed ofcourse it will never connect had to wait for hours in lobby. I wish i can buy cod remastered seperately but sad if i return this infinite♥♥♥♥♥♥ remastered cod will be returned too :'(. But i have no choice but to return it all i am glad i didnt spent more than 2 hours and waiting for my refund!!!!
76561198015357231,Not Recommended,292730,30232336,Posted: 27 February,all,blea101,"I have played every COD game since the beginning (COD2 is the best), and this is by far the worse one in the series. Since launch, all I have played is 3 hours. It got so boring with hardly any gameplay (2 mins gameplay followed by 5 mins video scenes over-and-over) equals a game you just can't get your teeth into - and as soon as it got ridiculous flying around in space, I stopped playing. All the realism, intense gameplay are gone. Compared to Advance Warfare- the difference is night & day, I Just wasn't enjoying the game and don't see myself playing it again. Tells you all you need to know about this game.As a side note, I believe Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered was released at the same time to compensate for COD Infinite Warfare being such a poor, complete mess of a game. COD:MW was/is a briliant game and I highly recommend you get the remastered version... something tells me it won't be around forever and will become rare."
,Not Recommended,292730,30204561,Posted: 26 February,all,Sandrak,"Sad thing is, That I wanted to try out your game during the free weekend.But I could not connect to it, even after I added in my virus protection, firewall.Even after disabling those it was just stuck on Loading level forever.I followed all fixes that were recm, but sadly nothing worked.Please fix the server issues you have"
,Not Recommended,292730,30181725,Posted: 25 February,all,Boris the Soviet Love Hammer,"Lost Connection. Played this on the Free Weekend. Although ""play"" isn't really the right word. More like sitting in lobbies and never being able to connect to a game. Not only have they locked away the single player for this game for the Free Weekend, but you can't even play the mulitplayer because of all the connection issues. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your hard drive space, especially not your money."
76561198109810729,Not Recommended,292730,29026142,Posted: 4 January,all,Frosty,"Can't even load the game, nor Modern Warfare Remastered, what a waste of £40."
76561198012813253,Not Recommended,292730,26424529,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Iron Pill,"This is a releaseday comment. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. The game has crashed 3 times out of 3, and I haven't even played an online match yet. 1 crash during custom game when I wanted to et a feel for the controlls, and then twice changing graphical settings. What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with the people on IW? This is unacceptable. Let's se how this turns out, but I haven't even played the game and I'm in a bad mood already."
,Not Recommended,292730,26430168,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AngryRob,"This is just my first (and last) impression after a bit more than 1 hour of gaming. The biggest issue here is the following: The game looks and feels completely wrong. The movement mechanic is so bad that I assume the Dev's did just overengineer it. Nevertheless: you're pretty fast, but the whole wall running and 'double' jumping is crap.I wont start with the graphics.. even COD Ghosts looked better.In addition to odd movements, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, crappy guns and some weird frame rate issues the price is a ♥♥♥♥ing insult to every gamer.I feel insulted and ripped off.If you're looking for a fast paced shooter get yourself Titanfall 2.Ah, almost forgot: The remastered MW? ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,26413692,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HankHill,"Changing review for a few reasons. Guess I was lucky last night and earlier this morning when I was playing the game. I simply bought the game for MWR and that is utter garbage online.Is infinite warfare itself bad though? Absolutely not, I personally didn't have any server issues with the infinite warfare side of things, however MWR is really bad. The gameplay on multiplayer was fluid and worked as it should. I still feel like it is unfair to judge the off of previous COD games because it is not trying to be another COD game. The infinite warfare multiplayer is fast paced, from my experience most people just run around with smgs jumping off walls.The campaign i'm sure is not the best in the world, I mean it's COD.MWR: Game runs like complete trash on even the best gaming rigs. That's really all that needs to be said about it. That and the servers are complete trash...also i'm pretty sure there is no real hack prevention right now in this game...and if there is it sucks. Played a game with a dude running a million miles per hour across the map just killing people. Maybe one day this will be worth picking up, but probably not because with the short life span of shooters on pc as it is I would say that Infinity ward has ruined the only chance this game would have gotten."
,Not Recommended,292730,26443239,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Seta,"Stay away from this game, it is not worth the price.Played 1 hour of multiplayer, had to get a refund asap. It is a default futuristic shooter game, boring gameplay, boring customizations, graphics aren't that good, takes too long to find a group to play, bugs, crashes, it is too god damn big, and more...Just run away, buy Battlefield 1 instead."
,Not Recommended,292730,30166253,Posted: 25 February,all,Slaughtered Pixel,I tried the game  and the servers are that♥♥♥♥♥♥that you keep losing connection to the host as soon the match starts and my internet is decent would not recommend please do not waste your money on this load of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197990446616,Not Recommended,292730,29989920,Posted: 17 February,all,SnowboardingHippy,"The campaign is ok, just another call of duty campaign. The game overall is fun, however feels and plays alot like Black Ops 3 and the community is completely dead, in both the remastered (if you can get it to actually work) and IW. If you like waiting 20+ min. to find enough people to start a multiplayer match then this overpriced clone of Black Ops 3 is right up your alley. Save yourself the frustration and go buy a game that the multiplayer feature is actually available like Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2 or Overwatch."
76561197970918829,Not Recommended,292730,29832738,Posted: 10 February,all,Goddamaddog,"Great game when it works.......,campaign is kind of short but very enjoyable. multiplayer is fast paced and fun when it works ,now it doesnt work gets stuck at loading level,uninstalled the game and reinstalled it nothing. very frustrating... dont waste your money,"
76561198023050136,Not Recommended,292730,29838322,Posted: 10 February,all,Benrett,"This is by far the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever to show its face in the CoD Franchise.  And even the devs knew it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's why they lumped in Modern Warfare remastered. They knew that was the only way to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥game to sell. ♥♥♥♥ this game in every way from every angle. The movement is clunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥ the netcode is all kinds of FUBAR, the guns are so un♥♥♥♥ing balanced."
,Not Recommended,292730,29971997,Posted: 16 February,all,IDKU,"I love Call of duty for some reason... whatever I'm not going to critisize, but when i play it i get up to 999 ping the same happend in bo2... and I've done everything i could, i got a good internett, but be carefull buying these call of duty games"
76561198303771887,Not Recommended,292730,29835794,Posted: 10 February,all,kim dong un,i paid $75.00 for this... this is rediculous i cant even load online servers it keeps saying cant reach servers try again later this i bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26427852,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Warm Up,This game is absolute garbage.  Feels unfinished and lacks smooth gameplay.
,Not Recommended,292730,30177281,Posted: 25 February,all,404blake,"Free weekend, still not worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30145181,Posted: 24 February,all,Carts_,Bad game.. bad optimisation. It is more demanding than rainbow 6 siege and look miles worse. If you like life and gaming DONT buy this crap.
,Recommended,292730,31596921,Posted: 6 May,all,Riskyguy,"To start off I will say I won't defy the hate this game get's, it is very similar to B03 and this is because I pesonally believe they put all their focus mainly on the campaign and zombies sections of this game.  Now the game itself Infinite Warfare is mostly solid, the zombies mode and campaign is easily the best in years.  Regarding Black Ops 3 zombies: This to me at least felt like you needed to do too much BS just to get to the Pack A Punch (This is where you upgrade your weapon in zombies), such as going to one area having to do certain tasks then finally being able to go to where the Pack A Punch was located. So how did Infinity Ward do it? They made their zombies mode a mixture of easer eggs for the diehard zombies player or new tryhard kind of player who wanted more then just surviving. But they also have made pack a punch easier while still keeping that slight challenge where you have to have to collect things to pack a punch. This is a great system for the zombies player whether their new or experienced as both kinds of players can do this without stressing out or quiting. What makes Infinite Warfare's zombies mode so fun to me is a mixture of things such as we finally have what I personally always wanted movie themed maps with completely different settings each time. Such as the first map no. 1 ""Zombies in Spaceland"" being set in a theme park with clowns as the mini event scene at 5 or 6 and then the boss scene at no. 9 or 10, (fyi Infinite Warfare does not call progression rounds or waves but scenes as it's movies oriented) and then you have map no.2 ""Rave In The Redwoods which is a cool rock concert kind of place that has yeti's as the mini event and no particular forced boss like in the first map. This might seem disappointing to some or not hard enough but it works better by giving the player breathing room as well as figuring out where the photos are located to craft the boat that will take you to the pack a punch island. It so far is quite easily the biggest zombie map in Infinite Warfare but as I play on both console and PC I already know that the next map DLC map 2 Shaolin Shuffle is awesome and has yet again different music as well as it's event scene and spin on what people have come to expect with things such as wonder weapons.Now wonder weapons are a cool concept in Call Of Duty zombies, what they are exactly is something you usually have to work very hard for to get but once you get them their powerful and rewarding. In Zombies in Spaceland you had alien guns but like I said they were a good challenge to go for if you wanted that something more to work for. In Rave in The Redwoods you have this cool crossbow called Vlad and it is much easier to go for, by simply going to the pack a punch island and grabbing the sausages (yes that is no joke) from the bathroom near the pack a punch projector you would then almost feed certain mounted deer around the map following by then killing them. Anyways what I liked about this was once you did that it wasn't much more work to then get the upgraded version of the crossbow which was great. As for the incoming map for PC and Xbox Shaolin Shuffle the developers decided to change things again, and no not just the map or music but by adding actual awsome kung foo abilities which you could upgrade from challenges the best part of this was what I touched on about earlier, this map very much catered towards both new/casual players or pro players as you still had stuff like easter eggs but you had more cool stuff to do for the other players. Needless to say it was/is awesome this is by far the best zombies mode Call Of Duty has ever done it doesn't have a difficulty curve like Black Ops 2 and especially Black Ops 3 had. Which therefore gives you this more not holy hell difficulty but at the same time not a too easy difficulty. Mark my words if you think it's a joke get to scene 20 and you may well learn that it has both difficulty but actually still knows what fun is.On to the Campaign let me start by stating in my personal opinion this is my favourite call of duty campaign ever, it has difficulty, it has real true emotion and although it may have some really depressing parts it also has these incredible moments where you just are in awe. The characters are all very much diverse which I am glad Infinity Ward did having different races in the game makes it feel more real. This is your ship you choose where to go partially such as small side misisons that would give you bonuses for your sweet♥♥♥♥♥jackal space jet or weaspons. The hub very much seemed like Mass Effect which is great that they tried to do something similar (but sadly not near the same detail) to that, if only the Call Of Duty development teams could make their games actually be more like this. As having actual control such as being able to choose missions and just wealk around my ship was great I just feel at the same time it could have had so much more if they had more time. The way you would pick your loadout was fantastic and I sadly wish multiplayer had something like that, the side missions although not large were still great fun to do for something else, as for the mains story it was truly epic and emotional. I won't spoil it for anyone who has yet to play it but it truly was something that I felt was unexpected for Call Of Duty campaign's. It's just like I said they need more of that do what you actually want to do kind of thing in the call of duty campaigns as it was a good start but maybe actually go crazy next time, as great as it was there were the typical limitaions one comes to expect in this franchise which saddens me. A last note for those curious Kit Harington was a good villain but he needed to be in it more I felt. The character you played was great just like your best friend was, very much  superb as I hoped. On to Multiplayer now the hardest thing that breaks my heart. I'm going to state that I very much felt like with the effort the other two modes had being zombies and campaign I feel if the call of duty development teams such as the one that made this game being Infinity Ward had more time, like another year multiplayer could have been better then it turned out being. Which is why I believe Activision need to have another team that makes new projects or work on things such as the call of duty franchise, then each studio has 4 years which to me is the sweet spot for games such as these. I do realise that gets expensive.Multiplayer:You pick a robot like character it looked like, you have special weapons and abilities which is not call of duty like in the slightest and as the same with B03 I disliked it. There are weapon variants which I do actually like that give your weapon more options and yes this system was improved much since AW, their supply drop/Quatermaster system just needed more work. But there is very little customization, for those who played Advanced Warfare it was great but has been terrible since Black Ops 3. The weapons and maps are the only good things about this multiplayer as apart from that I didn't have much fun playing the mode sadly. Weapon choice I can definately was like AW in the regard you had fresh new weapons and the old classics such as a future AK-47, Ak74u, M4A1,other SMG'S as well as other great choices such as new energy based and balistic based ones like the Mauler. It definately was nice to have free dlc weapons that for those without the season pass you just had to do a challenge to unlokc them which I hope is a feature added to future COD games. Maps were beautifly designed and are fantasic to which worked greatly, I just wish they kept events for maps like COD ghosts had as it would have helped sales."
,Not Recommended,292730,26435529,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,die bich,"If you're in for the Campaign/Zombies or the remaster, this is for you. If you're in this for the multiplayer, you might be dissapointed.HOWEVER, I will recommend you though, to buy this game on consoles, not here or the W10 store. Community is dead here, so don't expect more.Other than that, it's still kinda fun. But you have much more options for better games.Game Rating: 7/10PC: 5/10"
76561198263378720,Not Recommended,292730,31571144,Posted: 5 May,all,drift it like you mean it xddd,"First time i got this i had to get my money back, its just.... no... Got me stuck and i couldnt even get into the main menu. :( I was looking forward to it"
,Not Recommended,292730,30167517,Posted: 25 February,all,.chr ~,"when you play infinite warfare on the free weekend, but it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥so nobody cares anyways"
,Not Recommended,292730,30174637,Posted: 25 February,all,ZestyNutBust,"I'm glad I didn't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ After forty five minutes of trying to get it to work, I still cant even join one multiplayer game. Match started, Loading Level until it crashes."
,Recommended,292730,26413502,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheHeadbandHero,It's been awhile since I've had this much fun in a Call of Duty.
76561198052206945,Not Recommended,292730,30175800,Posted: 25 February,all,Nonsense,Normally you would need to be able to play the game to review it but since it does not want work and keeps crashing every time I join a match I give this game a 0/10
,Not Recommended,292730,30156454,Posted: 24 February,all,Bladewing,"Saw that Infinite Warfare had a free two day weekend. Figured to myself, eeehhhh, I frequent the CoD hate train, but I used to play World at War back when it was the new thing. Maybe I can have a few laughs in this new one. Even if there are only a couple campaign levels for the free weekend, I can still at least get a ta-""Campaign locked - you do not own this product""Wellp, that totally blows. Not even just the first mission to get me interested? Maybe I could at least do a round or two of zomb-""Zombies locked - you do not own this product""So you're telling me... the only thing you have to showcase in your new CoD game... is the same multiplayer that the games have had for 10 years now?""But it has jetpacks now!""OH, WOW, NEATO, JETPACKS, COOLNo thank you."
76561198352210646,Not Recommended,292730,30201739,Posted: 26 February,all,Will Lenney,black ops 3 > Infinite warfare
,Not Recommended,292730,30133562,Posted: 23 February,all,SoCanadian,I can't get over 25 fps on low settings with a gtx 1060 6gb
76561197960432000,Not Recommended,292730,30211768,Posted: 26 February,all,death,"I played the free weekend, (that ended before 9pm central on sunday?).  I gotta tell ya, I was NOT impressed.The way the starter weapons suck seems to be designed to get you to buy better weapons with cash money, just to get past being slaughtered every time you spawn.The only time I had any luck was when I scavenged a decent weapon off a dead ""buy to win"" guy, then my ratio went way up, fast.I might pop for this when it and the full pass are $19.95 Maybe."
,Not Recommended,292730,30158139,Posted: 24 February,all,Living Isn't Fun,Crash of duty: infinite crashes
,Not Recommended,292730,30154878,Posted: 24 February,all,Dusk Shadow,"I bought this on release (like the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I am), and went into it expecting garbage. It was unplayable garbage, with the lack of mouse smoothing, the random freeze-ups, drops in framerate, crashing, despite having an unlocked i7-6700k, 16 GB of RAM, and a GTX 1070. Multiplayer was stupid, forcing me to sit through an entire round before letting me join. If that wasn't problem enough, there was the waiting for ten minutes on launch for shaders to preload. When people start a game, they want to play it, not sit and wait for shaders to preload, or a round of multiplayer to finish. I gave up and refunded it, as I couldn't play it at all.I got it again during free weekend to see if anything was fixed.Haha. Nope."
76561198105424287,Not Recommended,292730,30155022,Posted: 24 February,all,Goip,"Basic SummaryThe quality of this game...oh man. Oh man. It's really bad. You ever played Dirty Bomb? Imagine that you've got the gunplay of Dirty Bomb (Which is actually not bad on it's own), but instead of trying to make it fun the developers have tried to make it more 'realistic'. Yes, I put 'realistic' in quotes, becuase they do an abyssmal job of it. Then, if you look way back, all the way back to the days of early release Arma II, you'll have the degree to which this game is optimized. I have an i-5 6600K and a GTX 1070, and if I turned things up above High I dipped below 60 on the MENUS. The freaking menu. And yeah, I've turned off anything that would limit frames. I can't seem to remember the name of the setting that caps at 60 FPS (No, it isn't the VSync setting, that's off by default, which...??? Why would you turn off the obvious frame limiter and then use another obscure, oddly named setting to limit frames? GG.) but it's weirdly placed and confusingly named. And then there is the playerbase...well, most of you already know how the COD playerbase functions, but imagine that the game has been flooded with tactictards and tryhards, (which it has, no imagination needed) and you'll have at least half of the people that have played this game for more than 50 hours.The Weapon Variant SystemDo not EVEN get me started on the Variant system. It's essentially a reskin of Advanced Warfare's system, but with even more balance issues, and less effort. Oh, and did I mention you can PAY for currency to unlock variants? Becuase you can. And it's absolutely horrific. Seeing as Variants are buffed versions of original weapons, they are at an immediate advantage to the originals, and the more you pay the more likely you are to get a stronger variant. The Epic versions of some variants are so off-the-charts overpowered that you cannot hope to outdo a player that is playing with one without having one yourself. Or being a professional E-Sports player. Which most of us aren't. The 'Quartermaster' is really, literally, without a doubt, a complete copy of Black Ops III's 'Black Market'. This is not a joke. The only difference? The salesman is a robot and the menu has been switched to a tile layout. You get keys to open supply drops (cryptoKEYS anyone?), and there are two types. Common and Rare. Even the prices are the same as BO3, at 10 and 30 a pop. You get basically the same things out of them, taunts, skins, other things, with the sole addition of variants as an added 'bonus'.Edit: I actually went back and changed out the word 'bonus'. I couldn't use it. It didn't describe the Variants at all. But then, I went back again, and put quotes around it. That's about 100% of your daily intake of sarcasm.You're welcome.TL;DRIt's really bad. It's a reskinned BO3 with some Advanced Warfare thrown in, and to top it off it suffers from crippling performance issues and a practically nonexistant playerbase. Whoever is left is either a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥or an egolomaniac, and nearlyimpossible to play with.My rating?10/10 would buy just to pump it full of rounds again.Oh and ignore my gametime. I play console too."
,Not Recommended,292730,30155006,Posted: 24 February,all,skrub,nononononoononononono
,Not Recommended,292730,30154792,Posted: 24 February,all,HotWangz,Terriable game does not support my DDR 3 New ram at all Cant even play with friends says I need a restart for a update I restart and it Does it over and over
,Not Recommended,292730,30152988,Posted: 24 February,all,FizX,♥♥♥♥♥just as i tought !
76561198007737823,Not Recommended,292730,30209188,Posted: 26 February,all,FistOfBruce,"Didn't even last past the free weekend.Multiplayer servers lag massively and the gameplay itself is the same stale old formula.Yes you can now ""run along walls"" but this is far too risky and feels more like a lazy gimick in order to claim that the game has fresh new concepts.Furthermore, clearly a primary goal of game developers is to make a profit, but the amount of microtransactions in a full-priced game such as this is beyond a joke."
76561198123682451,Not Recommended,292730,29735393,Posted: 5 February,all,Helsdoor,"Great Single player Horrible Multiplayer, Servers lag and players tend to bot or cheat to win"
76561198067218583,Not Recommended,292730,29706022,Posted: 4 February,all,NODSTERR,complete♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057749491,Not Recommended,292730,29214022,Posted: 12 January,all,tonyj_c,"The visal afects are great, but there is alot of down sides to this game1.  campaign was to small2.  I have a gtx1060 6Gb and game still is jumpy and sound crackesAll up still a great game to play but campaign is to small and video and sound issuies5 out of 10 for me"
76561198134265602,Recommended,292730,30177891,Posted: 25 February,all,horse,loads fast runs well on an i7 860 with a GTX960 2gb.
,Not Recommended,292730,30153117,Posted: 24 February,all,((steelberg)),What did you expect?
76561198022684734,Not Recommended,292730,30177777,Posted: 25 February,all,Valis,HACKERS HACKERS HACKERS ... THIS DEMENT DEVELOPERS MAKE FREE WEEKEND AND SAVE YOUR MONEY :DPro - awesome game ... ahh just trolling :DPRo/cons - you can hack ... developers dont care :D
76561198077515291,Not Recommended,292730,29700634,Posted: 4 February,all,Malcom 1466,"Well after spending countless of hours fixing and dealing with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (NAT type issues, issues with my antivirus, not being able to connect to other people, achievement issues) the game got stale real fast."
,Not Recommended,292730,30196074,Posted: 26 February,all,dawii,what a disgrace. get off of my pc
,Not Recommended,292730,30146758,Posted: 24 February,all,mugnus,Truly thecitizen kaneof pc ports.Crashes whenever I try to change any option or connect to a match.
,Not Recommended,292730,30766327,Posted: 26 March,all,styxyr,"I bought this right after it came out. Didn't really like it as it was. Decided to go back to Black Ops 3 and figured I'd try Infinite Warfare again, figured they'd have fixed all the bugs by now. Still crashes randomly, still has issues if you have virus protection running.Recommend for multiplayer? Not unless you enjoy crashes.Zombies is quite fun, though I'm not a fan of the original map.Recommend for zombies? I enjoyed it so yes.I never played the campaign so I won't comment on it.3/10 only for zombies...."
,Not Recommended,292730,26426983,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TranceRevolved,"I've played every single COD since the original release on PC. IW is probably right up there with COD Ghosts on my worst game list. The control settings aren't great. Trying to get the right mouse sensitivity settings alone made me want to uninstall. Loading time takes forever. I think they did that on purpose so people can't get refunds for time played of 2_ hours. Shady. The game really doesn't impress me. Were I not getting this refunded, It would be collecting digital dust in my collection with Ghosts and Advanced Warfare, Modern Warfare remastered is simply a graphical update. The only reason to pay the bucks to get it is for the lack of players in the original MW. Overall, I won't recommend this game to any of my friends. I'm about to buy either Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2. Or maybe just play Overwatch. So disappointed with this game. Big thumbs down. Call of Duty is finished."
,Not Recommended,292730,30163867,Posted: 25 February,all,HappyZavulon,"I was interested in the single player campaign since that was pretty well made apperently, but apperently I can't even try the first level during the free weekend, so no money for them I guess.As far as the multiplayer goes... it's just bad. The TTK feels a lot lower than in Black Ops 3, you basically get one shotted with most weapons, and since the maps are just coridors that go in circles - you will have someone take you out from behind 50% of the time without you being able to do anything.I played a round of deathmatch and just want to go back to BO3.Its honestly no wonder why the game is already 50% off (which is pretty rare for Call of Duty)."
,Not Recommended,292730,30180446,Posted: 25 February,all,Glory,"I got this game for the free weekend. How can I recommend this game if it doesn't work? I tried campaign mode, but it claims that I don't ""own the content"". Sure, I don't ""own it"" but it's a free weekend, right? Also, the multiplayer doesn't work since it ""can't establish secure connection"". How the hell am I supposed to play it then? What IW has done here is taken their already HORRIBLE rated game and made it even WORSE."
76561198052837291,Not Recommended,292730,26438540,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dank Hodor,The game does not load games in progress it just puts you in the lobby and says loading map then after about 10 min it kicks you and says lost connection but if i get in to a game thats still in the lobby it loads and plays just fine
,Not Recommended,292730,30255472,Posted: 28 February,all,pendletr0n,"I want a refund!This game is broken...I, and MANY others, get nothing but a black screen followed by game crash after the intro cinematic to campaign AND zombies.*You cannot skip the cinematics at any point and afterwards, when the game should begin loading, the black screen occures followed by the application crashing a 2-3 minutes later.And if you want to attempt a reinstallation, as I did, you have to go through the 2-3+ hour download and subsequent install...Infinity Ward has totally♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed on this.I've always known that Treyarch was FAR superior but I figured what the hell, this installment looks decent... WRONG!Look like I get to look forward to nagging customer support for my money back.AND I like how the DAY AFTER I buy this garbage, THEY MAKE IT FREE TO TRY FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK because of all the negative reviews!!! Plus the only reason I really wanted to try it was to see how their version of zombies compared to Treyarch's.I wasn't aware that I could muster such feelings of disapointment and disgust for a video game company...Anyway,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY""Four Thumbs Down!"""
,Not Recommended,292730,30152162,Posted: 24 February,all,Simply Liquid,"If you weren't a fan of Black Ops 3, then sorry to say, you won't be fond of this game repeating the same mistakes that turned you away. If you were a fan of Black Ops 3, then sorry to say, this game is a much lesser version of last years entry. This game's multiplayer doesn't seem to be made by human beings, but machines who put more emphasis on grinding rather than improving the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,292730,30201964,Posted: 26 February,all,Phexarius,3 Words:WORSTGAMEEVERperiod.
,Not Recommended,292730,30154020,Posted: 24 February,all,GeneralTV,"After downloading beta, i was not able to join any match and I was instantly kicked out :)))2/10.. Cause graphics are quite pretty."
,Not Recommended,292730,30152589,Posted: 24 February,all,ىℴℓℴ,"Well the game was on a free trial and as a kid I no lifed this game. Decided to give it a shot.20 minutes of gameplay:15 minutes - Preloading the shaders for the game2 minutes - clicking multiplayer and being told that i have to restart the game3 minutes - me closing the game and re opening it because it freezes in the multiplayer menu10/10 best freezing simulator on the marketEDIT:ok so its been almost 5 months since i last played this game. Went up for free weekend again. Updated from the old potato to the computer i have now. gtx 1070 32g of ram, i 6700k proccessor and even a SSD that i put this load of crap on. STILL FREEZES, what the hell was this money hog of a game thinking releasing this load of garbage. If anyone is considering buying this game trust the reviews. It is not worth it it crashes even on top of the line rigs. This game is nothing but a money grab."
,Not Recommended,292730,26470814,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,A7medAG..,"I Gave it a positive review at first , and i was wrong this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boring and everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the only thing you may want to buy this game is that if u buy it special edition it comes with an amzing game called mw remaster and thats worth buying"
,Not Recommended,292730,30205946,Posted: 26 February,all,Angel Beats! / エンジェルビーツ!,"I got the game during Free Weekend and I was never able to play it because I didn't have a ""secure"" connection to the host or the connection to the host failed. Why is IW using P2P connectivity in 2017? Either way, broken as hell for me, don't get it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30174236,Posted: 25 February,all,sexyTUNA,"This game is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cant even connect to a game, STATUS BURGUNDIA"
,Not Recommended,292730,29508156,Posted: 26 January,all,K O N S L E X,"2016 has been one of the best years for single-player shooter campaigns of the past decade. We’ve seen Doom, Titanfall 2, Gears of War 4, Battlefield 1, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided… and they're all better than Infinite Warfare’s campaign. It's not for want of something to differentiate it: this is a Call of Duty game where you fight in zero-G environments, and where you fly a spaceship called a Jackal and have a robot buddy called Ethan who is endearingly written. It should be awesome... but it’s mostly slow and plodding, and by the time the pace picks up there’s not enough game left to wash the disappointment of the first two-thirds out of your mouth."
,Not Recommended,292730,33895176,Posted: 29 July,all,Hydra,"Terrible game, not fun, just boring, wonky, and slow.This game crashed my computer twice and refused to start after the second crash.not to mention all the microtransactions and dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that activision pumps these games full of."
,Not Recommended,292730,33845151,Posted: 27 July,all,Kww,Feels like a free to play game.
76561197971406609,Not Recommended,292730,33878968,Posted: 29 July,all,IkillCheats4fun,"fix the game..fatal error exceeded maximum number of script variables (children)..as i can see this has been going on for a will, with more then just this COD version..Advanced warfare had the same error type,, last time i buy COD.. learned my leason( did learned it before, but had forgot about it)"
76561198074068979,Not Recommended,292730,30834870,Posted: 30 March,all,cstxskilly,bad servers im not playing this game untill they sort out servers what a waste fo money
,Not Recommended,292730,30562124,Posted: 16 March,all,VoltZzLight,Do not ever buy a single Call of Duty game on this platform. My mistake
,Not Recommended,292730,30143513,Posted: 24 February,all,Taddy Mason,"Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is by far the worst Call of Duty game in its franchise. This game is not worth the purchase oni any gaming platform what so ever. I am warnuing you, a fellow gamer that has already purchased the game on PS4 for $120, to stay away frum that Add to Cart button on PC so you don't make the mistakes i have made."
,Not Recommended,292730,30170751,Posted: 25 February,all,9,bad COD everdelete now
,Not Recommended,292730,26427670,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jegermeister0,"First of, I tried the game for 2-3 hours and closed the game and went out.. Came back recently and couldnt see any game running or any tabs open but as soon as I checked Steam it said it was still running, had to view Task Manager to find it and now ive ""played"" 12 Hours.(NOT COOL)I play on a good rig and neither MW or IW runs well at for me. So far the Single Player campaign has been ranging from OK to Cool but they need to fix the lag problem. FPS goes from 100-80 to 20-40 at times, but feels even slower.IW has a weird mouse lag as well, where it skips, even when the FPS is high.Im not impressed with the graphics even for a console port. DOOM and BF1 looks better on consoles then IW does on my 1440p screen.980Ti 6 GB  fill about 4 in the game)i7 4790K 4.0 Ghz16 GB RAMSSDHope for some improvements soon because its kinda unplayable.PS: Activision please make and effort on PC or just abandon it completely."
,Not Recommended,292730,26427523,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BOT nibba,"This is an absolute waste of money, in no way is this game anything like what we as a community percieved it as, in the good ways anyway. Everything bad we called out on this game is amplified by 10 and is the utter definition of cancer. I went into this hoping I'd have a good experience, I saw this new game that wasn't anything like 'Call of Duty's before it, I went in optimistically hoping that if it wasn't a good CoD that maybe, just mabye, it would be something like Halo. Nope. I was dead wrong, the only thing that comes to mind when I played this game wsa the utter♥♥♥♥♥♥that the Devs have to be eating right now after this major flop in a risky franchise to change. Infinite Warfare is one fo the worst games I've ever played, it took me 2 hours to figure out how bad this game actually was. Patches won't be able to fix this atrocity of a game. I urge you to save your money and not waste it on this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game."
76561197975449002,Not Recommended,292730,30170528,Posted: 25 February,all,Charles Blackberry,"Free weekend download, Multiplayer Only, wanted to try before buying.My experience:1. Terrible cutscene stutter2. Multiplayer: Lost connection to host status Burgundia, every single timeConclusion: For me, It is a NO GO.Too bad, because it looked pretty."
,Not Recommended,292730,30160728,Posted: 25 February,all,Unit ID: 7041986,only retard people who buy that product specialy for zombies and remastered
76561198097100389,Not Recommended,292730,30211123,Posted: 26 February,all,iAMZedMaster,"Tbh this game was free and I was excited to try it out. BUT when I load the game I can't even join a match, and if it even allows me to search .. IT SEARCHES FOR 15+ mins and stil no match found."
,Not Recommended,292730,30134280,Posted: 23 February,all,ForkTheGod,"Played 2 matches figured out your name can't have 15 characters or more or you get kicked, there's a 90 fps cap, everything is dead even during free weekend, horrible hit detection, and the gameplay is worse than Black ops 3. Even with a lowered price the game isn't worth the money. Worst part about Infinite Warfare is the fact that they hold Modern Warfare Remastered hostage with the more expensive version of the game. Modern Warfare Remastered is the only reason to consider this game and even then Activision figured out a way to ♥♥♥♥ a great classic game with supply drops and new weapons. I might consider getting MW""R"" if it was sold separately but infinite warfare is garabage. Also worth mentioning is that Activision won't support cross play with windows store users, which is more of a RIP for Windows store users but still pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197994368073,Not Recommended,292730,30199356,Posted: 26 February,all,J.A.F.O.,"Just took advantage of the free weekend to get a sense of the multiplayer and perhaps more.It looks a bit weird with the used color schemes..Feels really artificial somehow.Matchmaking is ridiculous from my point of view, lvl 1-6 ppl and two lvl 35 or even lvl 55 players, seeing the full customizaion with weapons perks etc. This match is already decided before the first bit is sent via the net.The weird outlining reminded me of borderlands, a cartoonish thing. Not really sure if that could be disabled but it would help.I was sort of hoping the zombie part was available but that was not the case. And to buy this one just for zombies seems a bit stupid to me.I guess I'm so used to the MW1/2 performance, this one felt really off somehow.However when playing Titanfall it felt exactly the same like the MW(s) so go figure why that is..In the end this one is not for me. I can see why there would be ppl enjoying this one so my vote is between yes and no.But from pure personal view I would not buy it.."
,Not Recommended,292730,30152667,Posted: 24 February,all,♛ Mateu ♛,yeah...dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,292730,30160746,Posted: 25 February,all,KrilleTentacion,Its sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30207723,Posted: 26 February,all,GRIFITHLD,"worst game i have ever played, even though i played on a free weekend. Dont waste your time."
,Not Recommended,292730,30149771,Posted: 24 February,all,Rhulu,"I honestly don't understand why Activision is being so stubborn with the CoD series. It's been trash for years now, and they keep pushing for content nobody wants.This is probably the worst case of copy/paste I've seen by far. It feels so similar to Black Ops 3, I don't understand why anybody would pay more than $30 for this game. Reused animations, copy/pasted HUD, and a lot of the specialists abilities are pretty damn similar to some from Black Ops 3.What little they changed from what they copied from Black ops 3 just feels clunkier. Less wall running, and it takes longer to actually latch onto a wall and wallrun. If you want a good run n gun game like this, go to Titanfall 2. The fact that this has more players than Titanfall 2 is just sad.I'm playing on a free weekend and I feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,292730,30203378,Posted: 26 February,all,PsychoRender,Have fun playing the most inconsistant game ever.
,Not Recommended,292730,30170620,Posted: 25 February,all,speedyrulz123,"Never been able to actually play the game. always chrashes when 'match already started, loading game'. pretty useless been trying for almost 2 hours now"
76561168142659579,Not Recommended,292730,26567419,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TrickyZerg,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30153343,Posted: 24 February,all,Kai19k,"Do not play this game, you will thank me later.Titanfall 2 exists by the way..."
,Not Recommended,292730,29192497,Posted: 11 January,all,Patrick Star,If you're looking to buy this game for zombies pls just buy bo3 and play custom maps and the dlc zombies on there. Also the MWR actually isnt even close to what originally made cod 4 a good game. Dont waste your money pls.
,Not Recommended,292730,30152642,Posted: 24 February,all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,This is not a game. This is a frustration of the frustration. A $60 scumbag.
,Not Recommended,292730,30202845,Posted: 26 February,all,Noob,Played for twenty minutes. Didn't let me load into a game. I want my 20 mins back..and the 12 hours it took to install.
,Not Recommended,292730,30152363,Posted: 24 February,all,EyeMustache,"10/10 Bunny hop simulator. Everyone just jumpshots, the last bit of skill in this nonskill game for 12 year olds is gone. Its just flying, and spray 'n pray for an kill! Welcome to cod. I could've just said: It's a COD game. and that would've been enoughn for a review"
,Not Recommended,292730,26428139,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Shinra,"12 hours play time, barely two keys. This ""bug"" is just hilarious. No numbers by the sensitivity bar, the config file is lazy and scrambled. Settings could be improved. What a disappointment. Feels like a bad Black Ops 3 copy.Although IW is an unbalanced broken mess, which learns nothing from ghosts, I wont be talking about that, but about the bugs and things that are missing from the game.Major bug:The keys and scrap basically don't generate at all for me. I've been playing for 13 hours and accumulated210 scrap and 2, yes TWO KEYS. JUST TWO.I thought that maybe I'm just bad, but I have a 680spm and 2+kd as of this moment.Sprint to cancel reloadDOESN'T WORK.Menus:Matchmaking is long, painful and obsolete.The game starts in windowed mode, although it's specified to start in full screen.No pre-lobby chat.The Menu interface is confusing and unorganised.Challenges are too hard and way to grindy.NO COMBAT RECORD.Video options reset your position in the menu every time you change one of them.91FPS CAP.Only 3 audio presets: Headphones, small speakers and default.Although there is and option to enable and disable ""sprint cancels reload"" it doesn't always work. More specifically it doesn't work when you reload whilst already sprinting.No option to change between toggle/hold the scoreboard.No numerical indicator for the sensitivity which makes it very hard and tedious to configure. (it does say ""0"" all the time in the right of the bar which just shows incompetence)SnD is in the CWL playlist in custom game, but is nonexistent for the public and so are: Hardpoint, Uplink and CTF.Friendly fire in hardcore kills you instantly, making you take the punishment for other people's stupidity and incompetence. (in most cases)No ability to see someone's steam profile, nor to add them.in-game:Broken sprint to reload cancel.Can't jump whilst the scoreboard is open. (died because of this like 3 times)Ping is represented in bars, like on console, not in ms which is just pathetic.Custom games:No ability to save your custom preset.No ability to expand from a 10 point class system to a 17 one.Party system:Party system is broken and in most cases doesn't work properly.No party chat.No indicator who's in a party and who is not.No indicator for the party leader.No ability to set the party privacy.No ability to kick someone.No ability to leave alone from the lobby if you're the party leader.If any of you have something to add, please post it in the comments so i can update this."
76561198192593029,Not Recommended,292730,26425525,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fb||ButtPlug,"Infinite warfare is okay, mw remastered movement feels smooth and looks goodboth infinite warfare and mw remastered full of bugs and missing some important featurestime to kill in mw remastered is way too fast, never seen anything like it and I've played every codBoth games have elements of fun but are completely let down overall by sloppy coding"
76561198267155427,Not Recommended,292730,30926058,Posted: 3 April,all,Amir0111,its really bad i hate this game this game have no good class and i ♥♥♥♥ed my money really titanfall 2 better than this game
,Not Recommended,292730,30166581,Posted: 25 February,all,ＢＬＥＳＳ,A Nightmare of a Game
,Not Recommended,292730,30227290,Posted: 27 February,all,Macky,Awful. No Search and Destroy and useless gamemodes. All the same pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as last year with an updated UI.
,Not Recommended,292730,30155219,Posted: 24 February,all,Alcohol Enthusiast 🍻,piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008057953,Recommended,292730,33938246,Posted: 31 July,all,solitas777,"I bought this game for the single player experience with mind and I wasn't disappointed. The visuals are stunning, the narrative tight, the voice acting great, the setting interesting, and all in all a wonderful single player campaign.If you're like me and you prefer a good storied single player campaign then this game is worth getting for that alone.I can't comment on the multiplayer because I don't like COD multiplayer."
76561198315602931,Recommended,292730,33997094,Posted: 3 August,all,SpaxGaming,"ive only played it for a short amount of time.the multiplayer side of things is ok after all of the updates, i actually enjoyed playing it.the story mode is almost unplayable, the lag is crazy, the fps dropps are stupid and im actually unable to get past the first 20 mins.my specs are:AMD 8350 4.3GHZ (overclocked and water cooled)GTX 1060 6GB (watercooled and overclocked)26GB DDR3 ram (overclocked)Im lucky if i can get above 12 FPS in some parts.after all is said and done im still going to recommend this game simply on the multiplayer experience.its fun and a good laugh!"
76561198244451710,Not Recommended,292730,30178489,Posted: 25 February,all,ThunderClap220,"If you manage to actuly connect to the servers and then find a game, you can then run around on these small tiny maps. Not to mention you get to bore yourself with another copy/paste call of duty with bad voice acting, OP stupid ultimate abbllities and all of the weird 12 yr old sqeekers that for some reason still play on the servers with no one else.Dont waste your time and energy with downloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016050852,Not Recommended,292730,26452497,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Spartan Rebel,Call of Duty Infinite WarfareOk I must say that the singleplayer was really cool butlet me think lets see here oh yeahThe multiplayer I am really shock about the multiplayer and the zombiesFirst multiplayer it is seriously it is an unfinished Multiplayer game I ever played in mywhole life.Second the zombies what I am looking at it is the game it took so long to find players in the gamewhat the heck is going on. They should complete this game . I am really fustrated by playing this and really disapointed because of it is really hard to find the players in zombies. I really like the singleplayer I will give a singleplayer a 10 out of 10The multiplayer and the zombies are 4 out of 10 really disappointing
,Not Recommended,292730,26415911,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Power Forever,I played a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of call of duty MW2 and other franchise series as well. I picked this game up thinking it would be fun as it was back in the day but I was completelely wrong. The multiplayer is filled with hackers already so good luck having fun there. The best part about this game is the zombie mode. That is it.
76561198312047820,Not Recommended,292730,29446881,Posted: 23 January,all,Scrubb,"not good game, regretting i bought it :( no more preorders."
76561198011217617,Not Recommended,292730,26527105,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,lightquick4u,"Don't buy this game, It does not work, wate for all the bug to be work out. the game will not load all the way , no sound and kick out. Don't buy yet."
76561198045428532,Not Recommended,292730,26602392,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Killer MNE,"First I would like to say my opinion regarding Infinity Warfare.Campaing:pretty much great, longer than the previous ones, much better than bo3 one if we can even consider that campaign to be a story at all. But seriously one of the best campaigns in cod history really well connected with lots of memorable characters which cod was lacking in last few years, emotional. I will give it a rating 9.3/10.Zombies I still haven't played so can't rate them but I think they are really fun from what I have seen.Multiplayer of IW I still haven't played but I think I will like it because from watching other replays I can draw a line with bo3's multiplayer which was really solid IMO. Can't rate mp for now.Now the game I was slightly more excited about, Modern Warfare Remastered.God was this game a failure for PC, really terrible port, the main reason I would not recommend this game to be bought at least 80 euro edition or higher, for now at least.Single Player was exactly what I expected it to be from when I played it back in the day, I remembered every small thing in detail, I got all intel from first run, also got all achievements, veteran easily beaten except you know what mission :) I needed 3h for that one (Mile high club)  I think they made it slightly harder, enemies are stronger I think.Flaws of SP, some fps drops I noticed while playing on some missions, nothing major but should be looked after non the less, also one thing I found most annoying while playing was the lack of OPEN CONSOLE.I want to have fun, to fly around the map with noclip and to explore everything, I can't do that now. So if the developers of MWR pc read this, please implement open console as soon as possible.Now for the MULTIPLAYER part of MWR.This was one of the most dissapointing things that happend to me in my life.I was so excited about MP but...I downloaded game.I had finished mwr campaign first, then I have played IW campaign the next few days. Then I went into MP of MWR.Was that an dream crushing scenario.I tried to go into game. I managed to load from first couple of tries. Then the real dissapointment occured. FPS was terrible, a lot of drops espetially during first minute or so, constant small lags (unreal dying around the corner etc.), fixed FPS to 91 I think, FOV too small I think maximum is 80.All these problems I can deal with and I dealt with them somehow.BUT the most annoying problem which I have seen complained abut on many forums, is that over half of PC population has SYNCHRONISING GAME SETTINGS or as they said it INFINITE LOADING TIME. This is sad, at first I was managing to join every third game in average but yesterday and today I tried over 20 times and I couldn't have joined a single game because of the SGS.All in all cod MWR:Campaign 9/10Multiplayer 2.6/10 (because of problems it has otherwise it would be 7.7/10).RECOMMENDATION:I would recommend for an average PC user to buy just regular 60 euro edition because as to this point MWR isn't worth the money becuase of its many problems.I spent 100 euros on this game because I thought that I would be able to enjoy both IW and MWR.But, now this is the last time I have spent this much money on cod game or any money at all becuase It wasn't worth itmainly becuase poorly done MWR in general espetially MP.I would suggest to all PC users, not to buy future remasters, if it will be any in future which is most likely, because for me it was 20 euros wasted (other 20 for dlcs is I think well spent) mainly because they, form my perspective of thinking, abandoned pc community almost completely, espetially the side studios.Sorry for the long post. I hope someone found this constructive."
,Not Recommended,292730,26603583,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FullyX,"If I were you, I would wait a month or two, I personally play on PC, not console and Activisions servers are well... crap..  you will end up waiting an hour to get into a lobby on Modern Warfare Remastered, Infinite Warfare however, you will find a match quickly.As for IW's campaign, it was alright it started to get repetitive half way through, but thats okay.Space combat was amazing.So pretty much, your paying $80 USD + (If you want MWR) to get 2 campaigns and 2 potatoes (Multiplayer)..Wait a while for Activision to fix their kinks.Also if I were you don't post any videos on Youtube, Activision is money hungry and will copyright your videos within a minute of you publishing them, even if you post commentary or not."
76561197976806747,Not Recommended,292730,26627599,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,bobbydacat,"just when you thought they couldn't make a game worst than Ghosts, this garbage comes out.  It's full of glitches and really not fun at all.  makes you understand why they paired it up with the remake of modern warfare...Thank god for steam refunds is all I'm saying."
,Not Recommended,292730,26679551,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Krusher99,"Infinite Warfare has so many problems it's ridiculous. I have a GTX 1070, i7-6700k 4.0GHz, and 16GB DDR4 3200 RAM, and this game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are so many memory leaks this game should be free. The only good thing about my purchase is that I got Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare remastered which runs decently, but there are only 500 people online at one time. Would not recommend to anyone."
,Not Recommended,292730,26894829,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fishb0wl,Needs Tweaking in a big way. Not great but I can't stop playing!
,Not Recommended,292730,26980511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,m1a2tanky,Could be a great game if They add anti cheat nd did not limit the player base other then that great game
76561198171156957,Not Recommended,292730,26988100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KazuneDo,"Poor optimization, Game breaking bugs in campaign, not a great game!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26527520,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PrΣlewd,"The game is what you would expect from the COD series as it continues to add more and more futuristic options. The game is fast paced and hectic at times like I was looking for as a break up from only playing CSGO most of the time. I haven't played COD since Ghosts and I was originally pleased. The single player game was pretty cool with a decent story that is engaging albiet a little predictable. Online however is a different story. Hardly balanced, continuous moments of, ""WTF just happened?"", and my biggest gripe is that after just one week the gamemodes are already nearly dead. I spent about a half hour of searching for domination queues and regularly just popped into a lobby with a couple others. I'd give up after about 5 minutes and only ammassing about 5 players to go play TDM. Then I'd come back to dom and it would be dead still... If you want to play COD, get it on console. If you just want to play single player and TDM online then feel free to get it here."
,Not Recommended,292730,26531025,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TastySchnitzel,"(Good Things down the bottom)So Many HACKERS!!!!! and i mean ive seen games that people hack on regularly. But this....is by far the worst ive ever seen, i atleast find 1 hacker every dayIt has constant game crashes and lag, let alone more hackers than ive seen on any call of duty.The optimization isnt to good but its not bad, it could do better but its still fair enough to play.The constant lagg is honestly one of the most anoying issues, it just isnt fun to play with and especialy on a COD Title .Theres a little bit of fps drops only on a few maps and it didnt bother me, now its on nearly every map and zombies, they have implemented new graphical setting which has created more fps drops and constant freezing/crashingNotice how im not going to buy any more DLC from these developers untill they fix there work priorities and change the attitude they have to there fanbase.The only way you can have a fair chance on multiplayer is by getting a rare variant of a weapon. Unless you are lucky you basically have a 3-1 disadvantage against someone who has either payed for supply drops and gotten a variant or just gotten lucky with the RNG.I have recently returned to playing this game and its not as bad as terms of gameplay and community, However the crashing/fps drops/optimization is still f*^%@# Terrible!!!!""Good"" -The only good thing about this game is the zombies mode, its not the best ive played but it was something different than the original zombies style and not to ridiculus like Advanced Warfare zombies. So thumbs up for that.The weapons are mostly balanced besides some of the varients. They have made every DLC weapon free and everyone can get them and have made weekly missions to get bonus keys and salvage so this means they still want to progress the game and listen to the community, but they are still a little bit greedy."
,Not Recommended,292730,26533704,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,necromaster68,"this is a worse port than black ops 3 was,im trying to get a refund and would not get this game for a few months until it is optimized better. memory leaks are real. i had similar problems with black ops 3 and it was fixed after about 4 monthsmy system specs:win10 pro 64bit16gb ram960 gtx gpu500gb ssdi3 intel cpu"
76561198011847035,Not Recommended,292730,26546814,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bergi,"if you play CoD for the multiplayer. dont buy it unless you have great internet.not only are you gonna face the problem of lag. but your gonna rage at the screen, when they show you that the guy you were shooting in the back, had time to turn around, jump 3 times, and headshot you.to make it short, if you enjoyed BO3 multiplayer, and had no issues with stuff like this, go ahead enjoy this game aswell."
76561198340297768,Not Recommended,292730,26508886,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MooseFPS,"Wait for them to fix the games...well.. if they doBoth of them run poorly.- lag- bad connections- crashing- stuttering/skipping- online progress for unlocks (progress for unlocking some of the attachments is not working)- you cant use your hight refresh rate monitor (144hz) to its full potential (lock on 91fps)- cant turn of V-sync (For G-sync monitors)- and some more settings you cant change because its locked for some reason...- I feel there is something wrong with the audio in MWR. It is perhaps like the original sound was, I do not remember it, but for me, it doesn't feel rightmy spec:I7 4770K @ 4GhzGTX 1080 ROG Swift16GB Ram"
,Not Recommended,292730,26509002,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Matt,"Bad port. I really wanted this game to be good and fun, but I jsut cannot get over how poorly this runs on PC. Many of the visual affects dont work properly on high FOV, the frame drops are constant, and there is a very noticable input delay with my mouses movements. Overall I will not recomend this game to anyone, and I have already been issued a refund for my purchase. Stop feeding Activision money. CoD will never get better untill they start to lose money. Not to mention the fact that they dont give a ♥♥♥♥a bout the PC community, and don't even try to get us beta access or good MM services.tl:dr - If you want a futuristic shooter, dont buy this buy Titanfall 2."
76561198339346709,Not Recommended,292730,26525120,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nawaf,your money are going to kill you if you spend them on this game
76561198056062138,Not Recommended,292730,26530244,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Inticement,game is complete trash
76561198335860922,Not Recommended,292730,26534468,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Raider,"Negatives: multiplayer nothing new and hard to find any other gamemode besides tdm cause of online population, and zombies just seems like one of those things they added at the last min just to make people happyPositives: campaign is actually pretty good better than the last few games.. but i kinda wish they had kept co op like they did for bo3 although not many people were playing the campaign its just nice that there was an option to co op the campaign..."
,Not Recommended,292730,26603962,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CHOKOHAYS,so i pre ordered this and expected the game to be ready bug free on launch ... well they did have a beta ..i cannot play this game due to the crashing and just random freezing on menue screens and ingame . i have an i5 4960k gtx 970 and 16 gigs ripjaws ram ... till this issue is sorted i will not recomend this game to others!!
76561197989170351,Not Recommended,292730,26609782,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,^1Tired Old Man,"Not the best, difficult to tell friend from foe, this futuristic crap needs to go...."
76561197970537584,Not Recommended,292730,26612388,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,|SS|Buzzard,"It s a ""ok single-player game  if you like battlestar galactica its got it down .the maps are ok but not a classic .as for online mult-player Sucks . I cant get into a match you'll  finding a match only to get almost a number of player and have one or two drop out starting the BS over and over till you jest say FU and give up .is the game worth the $59.99 to me ""NO!I know if i hade a ISP that maybe give me more thin 5 megs to play i may get into a game but i dont have that option ."
76561198056335702,Not Recommended,292730,28514476,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,goosentom,"Please be careful if you buy this game - it does not work on my machine and steam won't grant a refund because I've had it for more than two weeks, even though I have tried many times to make it work, and even though I now have a new machine its all in vein. Think twice before you buy."
,Not Recommended,292730,26943924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlicanMD,There's nothing related novelty. If i were you i would buy an ox instead of this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,27397416,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,МАKЯФИ,"I'd love to give this game a recommedation, however, there are too many glaring issues. The greatest of which (and the root cause of all the others) is the re-occuring lack of dedicated servers, and therefore... players, and this is what kills this game the most."
,Not Recommended,292730,27944245,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,9S,"For story, COW always better than BF (both 1~4, hardline)For Multiplayers, BF1 Fair Fight works better.With COW:IW, you need to report cheater(s) per two matches, but they still alive after 2~3 weeks, and their magical gun also upgraded with Close Quater headshots (Kill over 22 man with headshots by sinper gun for single match, single round, within any range). 360' Auto Aim.  Always check and shot the wall first, and shoot you later,,,By the way, you may see someone use shotgun headshot you in sniper range... but you also see him got banned if too many magic power on hand... But COD... so powerful and impressive..COD should add some achievements such as ""Best of the best cheaters (Single Match)"", ""Cheats of the year (Overall Scrolling)"" ""Cheat Master"" ""Witcher"" ... etc.I removed the game, it might be better later but I can't play anymore with cheaters controlled matches"
,Not Recommended,292730,28293912,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,rokinbird,"gameplay meh, alright, camos not hard but stupid like hipfire kills with smgs, not worth it, cant even find lobbies anymore honestly my nat is mostly open/moderate, if u wanted a cod and go for black ops 3 instead, maps are bit that good. NOT WORTH THE MONEY, this game should be about £10-20. dont waste ur money, it might actually be fun if i could even find a lobby."
,Not Recommended,292730,28499340,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The Cheese,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26899925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"you know when big sucsesful franchises get old  (say american pie for instance) and they start selling thier name to b and even c rated movie producers, well thats what this feels like, biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥from a cod name ive ever played, although zombies is actually pretty good, cool map. in my opinion this game is worth about 99 pence."
,Not Recommended,292730,27291765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TurtlePilot,"So, before the game was released I thought this game was going to be awful, I mean it's in based in space. I really do miss the old classic Call Of Duty's where these jetpacks and abilities to wall run were non existent. However, shortly after buying the game, I went straight into some multiplayer and I have to say it's really not a bad game at all, the game is very fast paced which I enjoy. However, there seems to be a lot of lag on the servers, bullets don't register at all, the lack of players and no anti cheat really lets down multiplayer itself. Usually every few matches I'll spot a cheater and most of the time I can't even find a game because of the lack of players. Hopefully while this game is on sale more players will come in and hopefully and eventually we'll get an anti cheat system.So should you buy this game?It's a good game, I think it has a potential. But there are many flaws still which I hope to be fixed. So I recommend not buying the game at it's full price, but buy it while it's on sale because It's definitely not worth the full price.In conclusion, I'm going to give this game a thumbs down for now. However, if the game improves by getting an anti cheat system, better servers and more players then I'll give it a positive review.Thanks for reading my review on Infinite Warfare, I hope it helps those that are wondering about buying the game or not."
76561198018303294,Not Recommended,292730,27367176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nondairycow,"Campaign was incredible, multiplayer is just plain horrible. Que time takes forever, and it seems CTF is the only game type people play. Just something about running in circles..."
,Not Recommended,292730,27400938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YOLOshikuMLG薛甫,Call of Duty:No Games Found Warfare
76561198203804288,Not Recommended,292730,27759436,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mr.stihl,DEFINATELY  glad i only bought for the remastered cod 4 because infinate warfare aside from just not being an enjoyable game it was made poorly no matter what i do any human/robot in game vibrates or maby shutters is a better word i guess whether this was intentional or not its disgusting and may not be game breaking but it shows just how much effort went into the game durring development
,Not Recommended,292730,28012641,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CapN,"so bad its almost comical. the single player does run fairly good other than tearing and lag issues with cut scenes which is odd. also not being able to skip said laggy tearing cut scenes is just about game breaking. I bought this on sale thinking it couldn't be that bad... game is pretty much a reskin of advanced war fighter. save your money even the remastered modern warfare isn't worth the extra money, more people play the original title than this current release so finding games is quite the waiting game. in a nut shell do not break down and give it a try like I did, you will just regret it."
76561197976951907,Not Recommended,292730,28171104,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ProtieuS,"wow lol, get this for £10. crysis 3 looks and plays better from 2007, cash grab company."
,Not Recommended,292730,28174206,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LayersSss,The game storyline and gameplays are rather like Mass Effect while I'm expecting to play a Call of Duty.
76561198031618178,Not Recommended,292730,28354345,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Oh Shit Waddup,"Single player is typical of the COD genre. They tried to borrow from the old cod's by adding quotes but these did not hold the same gravity. Felt really weird and not right at all.Honestly, if they fix the mouse acceleration issues, i would probably still play the multiplayer.Finally, they need to release MWRM by itself. It is quite evident that knowone will bay $70 for the remaster.Do not recommend until this happens"
76561198040977419,Not Recommended,292730,28515001,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hits,Games sucks compared to BO3. Zombies sucks in the new one.
76561198058838965,Not Recommended,292730,27925934,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fresh Case,Dont get this game now theres no anti cheating available too many hackers atm
76561198015557157,Not Recommended,292730,28171281,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chubby Bunny,"Unfortunately, after great effort I am still unable to get the game to load.  Therefore, I have no other choice but to recommend to anyone considering the purchase to not do so.However, I admit I witness a friend playing online and was impressed at how TERRIBLE the game has become.  Someone should tell Activision that we expect things to get better each year, not exponentially worse."
76561198272956931,Not Recommended,292730,28346898,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,javonsaulter,"i'm running 8gb ram, i've downloaded the game and still cant get it to open, this is becoming frustrating"
76561197984565871,Not Recommended,292730,28084150,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wraith,"almost all of the bugs that was in ghost,  Is in this game. I hope it will not take  (IW) as long to fix it as long as it did in ghost!!I could use all kinds of words to describe how bad this game is. But, the English language does not have the appropiate words to describe it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30162748,Posted: 25 February,all,ChickenOfDeath™,free weekend nicewell no you want to play kampain? nope you want to play zombie mode? also nope you want to play multyplayer? oh yes its not locked but you will loose everytime connection to your host even when you try to host it yourself...oh you think i got a♥♥♥♥♥♥internet? tell it to my fiberglasskabel and the 100-200k
,Not Recommended,292730,30196746,Posted: 26 February,all,SYRUP,"I'll be honest. I haven't played Call of Duty since Black Ops 2. Which is why I downloaded this game, in hopes of trying out the campaign. Little did I know that the ""free weekend"" only includes multiplayer. I was very heartbroken to find out I wasted so much bandwidth on this trash. The only good thing about this game was the main menu music, so I'd give the game a 1/10 for wasting my time and hopes."
76561198133108457,Not Recommended,292730,30165297,Posted: 25 February,all,M0NST3R,The game is boring af you play only tdm others modes no peoples and no snd i want to play snd but the game dont have one JUST DONT BUY THIS GAME WASTE OF MONEY
76561198123856921,Not Recommended,292730,30165599,Posted: 25 February,all,Zapchon,I heard really bad things about this game from most people in my friends list.They were right.I tried some of MP since IW is free right now and the gameplay and overall feel of the game is awful.You somehow die even faster than you do in Black ops 3 (Which is a much better game than this by the way.) and the only weapons people will use are the M1 Garand remake and the Auto shotgun since they are overpowered and Infinity ward seems to be refusing to nerf them.Overall I give this game a 0.8/10
76561198330473561,Not Recommended,292730,30238545,Posted: 28 February,all,npm554367,won't start
,Not Recommended,292730,30135892,Posted: 23 February,all,Meowzors,A step backwards in funcionality compared to Black Ops 3. Still no emblem editor three months after launch? No lobby chat? There's none of the fancy features from Black Ops 3.It's still hard to find a game even on a free weekend. Nobody will probably be playing after the free weekend either.The gameplay is basically the same as Black ops 3 but with a few new gadgets and gimmicks.
76561198021465888,Not Recommended,292730,26426314,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ProcrastinatingT,"Can't say I was a fan, Refunded withing 2hours of first launching.."
,Not Recommended,292730,30196346,Posted: 26 February,all,DCGizmo,"tried multiple times to play it, for i can give it a proper reviewbut couldnt get in a single game, i waited 45 mins for it to look for a match and it couldnt find anyone else playing this game so i gave up. free weekend my @$$"
76561198277366207,Not Recommended,292730,26425038,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,acelewis77,"I have a problem that i cant seem to fix, everytime i start a multiplayer game the lobby fills up then it closes it.next, after the opening cut scene in zombies i just get a black screen. Last of all whenever i try to change any video settings the game freezes.(before i get yelled at to update my drivers i have, i have been looking for a fix the only thing i found was some people saying that avg blocks a part of the game and disable it before you start that game. I think this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea but i tried it and it didnt help. if anyone has any ideas please help"
,Not Recommended,292730,30303746,Posted: 3 March,all,Salt=skill,Rave in redwood does not work
,Not Recommended,292730,30206308,Posted: 26 February,all,raul.sf.ferreira,"worst call of duty multiplayer so far, campaign  is good, but multiplayer is pretty bad especially on PC"
,Not Recommended,292730,30608971,Posted: 18 March,all,Jar24,"I really enjoyed this game for the first few missions I was able to play. Now when I try loading my campaign it has a dialog box appear stateing that it crashed. It has done this multiple times, and even does it in multiplayer. Very diapointedInitial thoughts on purchase 8/10 Now 0/10 due to not being able to play it."
76561198113378753,Not Recommended,292730,30181758,Posted: 25 February,all,Xicq47,Failed to connect to a game and got stuck in lobby every time. Couldn't create party with friends.
,Not Recommended,292730,30181787,Posted: 25 February,all,TheFirePaw,"Every time i went into a match for online it is takes a long time to load and when it does load it crashed. Also everytime i changed the graphical settings it just freezes, this was honestly the worst game i have ever played."
,Not Recommended,292730,30181745,Posted: 25 February,all,Darth Vader,Do I recommend this game?Absolutely not.Can't even get in a game with my friends!Don't even try this game for free >:l
76561198011581104,Recommended,292730,29278464,Posted: 15 January,all,Codename B.T.,"This...this is a good game, yes it might follow a lot of the unifortunate cookie cutter tropes of the franchise, but haven't played a CoD since MW1...and being a huge fan of sci-fi...and a lot of the amazing minds they brought into make this a reality...Infinite Warfare is easily one of my top sci-fi games.It feels good, it's short...but it's packed full of *stolen* or creatively borrowed mechanical motiffs for gameplay, but what can really be done at certain points. It's not like we can just not use concepts that are legitimate for the settings, or cast aside the standards of what's conventional, etc. That said, most of my joy from this came from the clearly divergent aspects of what makes CoD ""CoD"" or whatever you want to call it. The space, the slow moments, the almost Mass Effect style RPG elements, it was amazing! I'm not going to lie to join the hate wagon, I still don't like a lot of aspects of this, the focus on MP, the studios...iffy background...etc. But being able to enjoy the Retribution and the srrounding game...Infinite Warfare is actually a good game to me. I want the era of the Retribution to be real, I want humanity to realize it's potential. And that means taking our collective baggage and pushing it to the limits, with time, we will change, and for a time, it will be good. Just like this..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30164140,Posted: 25 February,all,lolakkalol,"The matchmaking system is ♥♥♥♥ed up where you a level 1 and 3 other level 1ns get to play against 5 people, that's at least level 95 with makes the game boring where you spend most of your time being dead or getting killed and sometimes you happen to get a kill. If you still have this game just remember to turn off smooth mouse movement since its default for some reason..."
76561198256167926,Not Recommended,292730,30164214,Posted: 25 February,all,Triple T,"i have all the requirements and yet the game just keeps crashing, WHY? it took forever to download."
,Not Recommended,292730,30164590,Posted: 25 February,all,BrownieBear,"Wait to Download a 40GB game to play zombies. Instead, no access to Zombies, and the multiplayer is nearly empty, only free to play people and couldn't even find a single full lobby... This game is so poorly optimized, and i regret waisting my time and internet to even play this hot garbage. Was considering getting this for zombies but seeing as I can't even test that out, I will not be handing Infinity Ward any of my money. I definetly expected this however, considering they had to trick people into buying it so they could get the Remastered Call of Duty 4."
76561198169227042,Not Recommended,292730,30164517,Posted: 25 February,all,BigFraud17,The Free Weekend version wont work i load a game up wether custom or online and it crashes
76561198065942699,Recommended,292730,31387123,Posted: 26 April,all,HeftyLefty,"I've put in roughly 115 hours of gameplay into this game.  Maybe 15-20 hours in the campaign and then the rest in zombies.  I've spent around 4 hours playing multiplayer.SPOILERS:  The campaign was one of the best I have played since the Modern Warfare series.  Infinity Ward did an amazing job with the direction of the story.  Each mission felt like it had a significant impact towards the actual outcome of the war.  Each mission felt a bit different than the rest and had a twist inside each one.  The interaction between all of the characters resembled a real conversation and had fluidity.  Probably the most spine-chilling part of the dialogue is how true some of their conversations are...and later in the story you practically sense the emotions of all the crew as they understood their final mission would take their life in order to achieve victory.  I'm glad IW killed off some of the characters.  Due to the direction the story was heading, killing off characters added an extra sense of realism to the game.  The cinematic cutscenes were amazing in terms of graphics and stitching (seamless).  Which, compared to BO3, blew it out of the water entirely.  I'd say the most heartwrenching cinematic was when the player had to apply pressure to Kashima's chest after he was impaled by a metal plate.  The player felt Kashima's heart beat through the controller even when it slowed down and, eventually, stopped.  Huge round of applause to you, IW, for adding selectable character death messages in the credits.  This really struck home with me as I was able to fully understand each character's life at home.  I look forward to your next game for the campaign (massive campaign player).  Keep up the great work!I hate the multiplayer.  To me, if it's not a boots on the ground MP. then it's not for me.  MP has been dead for COD since Black Ops 1.  Hopefully the next game you make won't have jetpacks.The zombies was an absolute blast.  I was never a huge easter egg type of player but started to get into it recently.  Going to visit BO2 and maybe BO3 to do all of the easter eggs.  Zombies in Spaceland had a great and unique feel because of the 80's theme.  The whole retro style was done beautifully.  The easter egg is pretty fun, besides the seti-coms, to run solo (finished in 19 rounds but started seti-coms round 4 and wanted to build points for boss fight).  Completed Rave in the Redwoods solo easter egg multiple times.  Love woodland/swamp maps because of Shi no Numa.  Have to work on Shaolin Shuffle now.If you get this game, then only play the campaign and zombies mode.  Keep your mind open.  Instead of looking at the theme of the game and criticizing it...try looking at the mechanics, combat system, idea and direction IW was trying to go with the game, and the story. Judge off of the implementation of coding, mechanics, and story creativity rather than the theme.  It's really a great game, but you have to give it a chance with an open mind."
,Not Recommended,292730,29992769,Posted: 17 February,all,"Convertable Wop, Convertable Top",most of the time i want to play this the servers are down. also extremely hard to connect to players in zombies
76561198261198435,Not Recommended,292730,30148126,Posted: 24 February,all,RustyTheGamer,the free download dosent work for me it just sits at the loading screen
76561198006356244,Not Recommended,292730,30131050,Posted: 23 February,all,Sonofabyss,Everything you heard about this game is true.
,Not Recommended,292730,30147980,Posted: 24 February,all,Vel,Single player not included in the free weekend. Total waste of 40 GB's DL'd.
76561197971163481,Not Recommended,292730,29513673,Posted: 26 January,all,BoBaLoT '-.-',"Do not waste your time or money.The Single Player campaign is short and rather boring to be honest. Not worth the money at all. Most people play these games for the MP side and that is definitely a complete fail. There appears to little to no bans put in place for the tremendous amount of hackers out there. There is an option to report them but don't be fooled, nothing will be done about it at all. And that is of course if you can actually find a game. 124hr on record at time of writing this review and you can bet that at least 100hr of that would be trying to find a game (This can seriously take hours), trying to find a game without a hacker in it, trying to get into a game you know has spots available but fails to let you connect to host. Oh, don't bother trying to find anything other than TDM or HC TDM - they may take hours but you will be a skeleton before finding any other type of game. I tell you what, do yourself a favour and don't bother purchasing at all and save yourself hundreds of hours of frustration and boredom."
76561198138824287,Recommended,292730,31904622,Posted: 22 May,all,General220,I loved the campain to be honest i liked it alot. Multiplayer was♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the Campain really got me to love the game. I never liked COD's Multiplayer i think thats why i hated this one or its just cause  its♥♥♥♥♥♥Peace to the fallen.
,Not Recommended,292730,31792503,Posted: 16 May,all,Beast,"No lobbies, and not worth $60."
76561198050723084,Not Recommended,292730,30159183,Posted: 24 February,all,◥►  ◄◤,COD... You done ♥♥♥♥ed up...
76561198174964567,Recommended,292730,28651486,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Not My Rodrick,"I bought the legacy edition for MWR but I aboslutely love this game! Except for the multiplayer this game is great. The campaing has a solid story line and improves on where the BO3, AW, and Ghosts campaings let us down. The zombies is amazing! This game is a great buy for $35-$40 but...DO NOT BUY FOR $60DO NOT PLAY MULTIPLAYER"
76561198243558136,Not Recommended,292730,28847217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TeRrOrBiTe,THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE♥♥♥♥♥♥WONT START
76561198007529997,Not Recommended,292730,30163224,Posted: 25 February,all,efalex,"Free multiplayer access is ugly decision. I'll never buy the game. I'm a new player and I don't know how to play. I have zero points in all matches. No tutorial, no intro, nothing for newbies to adapt."
76561198074325665,Not Recommended,292730,30154973,Posted: 24 February,all,THE BRUH GUY GAMING,i cant even play offline WTF IS THIS LOL THIS IS A JOKE XD
,Not Recommended,292730,30155044,Posted: 24 February,all,Pvt Ryan,poopoo
,Not Recommended,292730,26432177,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,|K@MI| CruCix,"STARTING WITH A LOST OF CONS:-NO ANTICHEAT SO AIMBOTTERS EVERY SECOND GAME-SNIPERS ARE NERFED TO THE POINT OF BEING BALLISTIC POTATOES-CANT RAGE QUIT DURING CUTSCENES-CONTROLS ARE CLUNKY-HIT DETECTION IS HORRIFIC-HALF THE PLAYERBASE LEFT IN THE FIRST WEEK-MAPS ARE MASSIVE-MAPS HAVE TO MANY TUNNELS AND SHORTCUTS SO ITS UMPOSSIBLE TO BUILD UP STREAKS WITHOUT GETTING FLANKED-WEAPON BALANCING - HOW DID THEY THINK IT WAS A GOOD IDEA TO RELEASE IT IN THIS STATE?-CRYPTOKEYS ARE EARNT WAY TO SLOWLY-SUPPLY DROPS FULL OF USELESS JUNK-ANNOYING WEAPON VARIANT SYSTEM THAT USES IN GAME CURRENCY BUT IS ANOTHER WAY TO STEAL MONEY FROM GAMERS-WHEN YOU BOOST JUMP AND LAND YOUR WEAPON DROPS THEN JUMPS UP AGAIN MAKING JUMP SHOTS WITH SNIPERS IMPOSSIBLE-CANT TEXT CHAT IN LOBBYS ONLY IN GAME-ALL SNIPERS SUCK, EITHER FUNCTION SUPER SLOW OR NEED A WHOLE CLIP TO KILL SOMEONE-MAP SELECTION IS ANNOYING-HARD TO SEE PLAYERS AS THEY BLEND INTO THE MAP MAKING IT A CAMPERS HEAVEN-LOTS OF CAMPERS-YOU LEVEL VERY SLOWLY-MOUSE ACCELERATION CANT BE TURNED OFF-MOUSE SENSITIVITY SETTINGS ARE LIMITED-ALL RELOADS AND ADS TIMES ARE WAY TO SLOW FOR A FUTURISTIC COD-COLOURS HAVE NO CONTRAST AND MENUS ARE ANNOYINGLY DRAB AND LOOK LIKE A PUDDLE OF MUD AND WEEDS-COSTS MONEY TO BUY THIS GAME-WHY IS IT A AAA TITLE?-INDIE DEVS CAN MAKE GAMES BETTER THAN THISNOW A LIST OF PROS:-GAME RUNS WELL.-BEST CAMPAIGN IVE PLAYED FOR A WHILECONCLUSION-THE GAME IS STILL IN BETA AND WILL NEVER BE FINISHED. COD IS DEAD."
,Not Recommended,292730,28827970,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sparty | wildcase.com,"It cost to much for ths game and $80 for + remastert is to much!!They just need to make only remastert for $30 or $20 and not with inf warfare, because inf warfare sucks and cost to much!!!!"
,Recommended,292730,31227700,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr. Coopy™,"I'm not going to lie.I'm not going to jump on the hate train.I like this game.Multiplayer is fun if you can find a good server, but that never happens, so it's a no on the MP front.The Campaign is really fun, but it is poorly optimized. It's the only thing that has frame issues out of my entire library.The Zombies mode is fun in that really stupid way. The die-hard Treyarch Zombies crowd loves to pan this mode just because it isn't super serious, but honestly its lack of seriousness is what I enjoy about it.Out of ten, I'd give this game somewhere around 6 or 7. The biggest issue is definitely optimization, but that is only occasionally an issue. MP is always my least favorite part of a CoD game, but I still wish it were at least playable.TL;DR, don't buy for MP, have a good computer, don't take the Zombies mode seriously, enjoy yourself."
,Not Recommended,292730,31310876,Posted: 22 April,all,TURTLE13,there are never enough people online to even play a game of team deathmatch... the only lobby list that says it has players in it. but still never enough people online to actually get a game to start.  this years call of duty PC community was so split up between steam and windows store... and then remastered vs infinite warfare itself. at first I thought it was just dead because late night there isnt enough people. but even when I try to play at 8pm pacific (prime time)  there is not enough people for a game lobby to start. sit in queue with like 1 or 2 people for 30 minutes and talked about how they havent seen a game actually start in days.
76561198012547049,Not Recommended,292730,26424934,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ChaosShadoWolfe,"Okay, I'm not one for reviews. Hell, I play games simply for fun but... christ all ♥♥♥♥ing mighty, is this a mess.First off, I'm not gonna say the obvious ""I'm a CoD Fan and this is just absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, it's old, it's not relevant, if you wanna read that, go to the next review. What I am going to say is this however;THIS GAME HAS LOADING TIMES AND LOADING BUGS!Seriously, I'm used to crappy releases by now. With Total War Rome II, I've been a regular to this issue when I buy a game day 1 due to it being part of a franchise that I love. However, This game... this game is a whole different story let me tell you that. Honestly, I don't remember when the last time was that I played a CoD game. I still have a CoD Ghost copy on my shelf somewhere for my PS4 which has been gathering dust over the past four years.But that's not really important. The load times in this game, are heinous at best. Every single mode, the same ♥♥♥♥ing story. From the few minutes that I've played this game(And I openly admit that it's been only minutes), I have seen only two of the actual game. The rest have been LOADING SCREENS FROM HELL!Seriously, I'm not running a weak♥♥♥♥♥system with bare-minimum specs. I'm running high-end, GTX1080, 32GB Ram, last-gen i7, everything necessary to play the newest games on the highest settings possible and still get max frames constantly. I've seen so little of this game, I'm not even going to include it in the review. All I'm gonna say is, I made a judgement call between BF1 and CoDIW... I called wrong, and I'm going to change that immediately."
76561197971269757,Not Recommended,292730,28925564,Posted: 1 January,all,tetoebandito,This is a huge slap in the face to the single campaign players. I finished this game in 8 hours! $39.95 down the drain.  I dont have the time and therefore the skills to play the multiplayers. I enjoy the single Campaigns. If it is not $9.95 or less I will never ever buy a COD game again.  I never write reviews I play at my own risk. But you need to be warned about this one if your a single campaign player.
,Not Recommended,292730,28923867,Posted: 1 January,all,+波塞冬+,Worst experience ever! I have played it for 5 hours and basiclly wasted my time finding a match. It's unaccpetable!
76561198142646769,Not Recommended,292730,26426475,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr Bonezy,its a ok game just does not feel like a cod
76561198321121570,Not Recommended,292730,30170153,Posted: 25 February,all,BabaYega....,absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥dont bother wasting your money on this big pile of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198098916941,Not Recommended,292730,29736122,Posted: 5 February,all,XXXRichardspencer,"It's a shame I have to give this a negative review. The campaign is by far my favorite in the entire franchise. The gameplay was fun and the story was better than I expected. This game would be great if the multiplayer and zombies modes weren't so bad. If you're looking for a multiplayer fps, get Battlefield or Titanfall instead. If you want zombies, Killing Floor 2 is pretty good."
76561198137495010,Not Recommended,292730,30385776,Posted: 7 March,all,seneldang,"This game is a big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke, wasted 60$ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥..Infinity Ward should be close, "" back to our root ""...yeah, how about give me back 60$ and you can return to ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥hole...im amazed some♥♥♥♥♥♥head would even let this game developed. BIG♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥JOKE !!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,29375895,Posted: 20 January,all,Electric,Just buy Battlefield 1/Black ops 3.
,Not Recommended,292730,30954350,Posted: 4 April,all,AMISH MAFIA,"This game makes me wait 7-10 minutes while it ""pre-loads shaders"" everytime I try to play. Also it has a 91fps cap which sucks cuz I have a 144hz monitor. The worst is the fact that only about 400 people are online, so good luck playing anything other than horrendously laggy TDM."
76561198178766647,Recommended,292730,33577193,Posted: 15 July,all,Osteopotato,Decent if you can look past the bad reveiws
76561198216896785,Not Recommended,292730,30202872,Posted: 26 February,all,forbes69,i downloaded this free play game for the weekend would not let me play so i wont be buying i hear this game sucks anyway
76561198071294826,Not Recommended,292730,30934168,Posted: 3 April,all,ToxinxTwilight,"Just disgusted that you have to buy the season pass to acess any of the dlc, i only bought this game for the zombies mode, and i refuse to shell out another $50 to play 4 additional zombie maps over the course of a year, this is criminal and now im starting to think like most people when i say COD is DEAD"
,Not Recommended,292730,30186450,Posted: 25 February,all,Skeptar,This game represents how bad COD is now2017 better step it up
,Not Recommended,292730,26428396,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Spliffy,"There are performance issues abound. I really want to like this game - the visuals are gorgeous, the guns feel nice, but for the life of me I can not play the game for more than three seconds without a stutter or slowdown. The task manager shows the game not even pushing 50% cpu or RAM. Would hold out for a patch or just get it on a console."
76561198046133474,Not Recommended,292730,31064549,Posted: 10 April,all,gatesentry,"Multiplayer full of hackers and activision does nothing to stop it, glitches in all the maps, movement isnt streamlined, weapon balance sucks, and the player base is either filled with 12 year old brats that like to act tough online, or adult aged gamers who just want to pass the time and got this game on a whim. the weapon balancing might not have been so bad had they decided to keep the weapon variants reasonable, instead of outlandish and unfair against those with slower computers or reaction speeds."
76561198160103580,Not Recommended,292730,30212504,Posted: 26 February,all,TheLegendCreator,This game is so bad not even worth getting it for free! Online is a ghost town...can't even play single multiplayer on the free trial since there is always an error....
,Not Recommended,292730,30131128,Posted: 23 February,all,xd,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ is this game locked at 91fps? I am capped on it 24/7, with a 1070, and i can't fucign uncap it. ALSO, why the ♥♥♥♥ is it using 7 whole ♥♥♥♥ing gigs of vram??? This game's textures look like♥♥♥♥♥anyways."
76561198054137976,Not Recommended,292730,30413919,Posted: 9 March,all,Draconis233,"Now this is the second review I've done so here goes:As an FPS, I like this game. Nice guns, some have a secondary function like switching to a shotgun spray and the characters are decent. The sort of laser weapon that acts like a lightning cannon is rather lacklustre honestly in terms of damage output.I enjoyed the space/air missions though.For me the game runs pretty stable and I haven't gotten lag in the zombie missions.But now to why I don't recommend this game: Activision's greed.As this game has not been doing so well in terms of sales, they added in game purchases(drop boxes being one of them), the separated the playerbase between those that bought it on the Windows Store and Steam (don't know if they fixed it though.), the Remaster that does not have all of its content(Which comes as DLC, yay, *roll your eyes here and shake your head*) but they also made it so you can not get it unless you get the Legacy Edition.Also it takes forever to find people to play with anymore thanks to all the hate this game gets and rightfully so. The only way a studio heeds anything is by hitting its pocket and with CoD being one of its big cash cows, if people hate on it and don't buy into their cheap tricks, they should break their habit. In an ideal world though.TL:DR, good game, horrible studio with greedy tendencies."
76561198132191322,Not Recommended,292730,30466074,Posted: 12 March,all,pain,Lets be honest i bought for cod 4 remastered but cod 4 has really bad optimization and Im really impressed from infinite warfare its better than cod 4 remastered
,Not Recommended,292730,26422198,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kae Nyn,"Tried every game type... game wouldnt load a single map, or let me change graphic settings.... going to get a refund very quickly"
76561198154771843,Not Recommended,292730,30645461,Posted: 20 March,all,AyyLMAO,"All guns feel the same, graphics aren't even that good compared to advanced warfare and black ops 3, and if you're thinking about spending money to buy this game and MWR, spend your money somewhere else because infinite warfare is bad and mwr has lots of issues towards optimization."
,Not Recommended,292730,26428241,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lieutenant Dan,really good game
76561198159372848,Not Recommended,292730,30040267,Posted: 19 February,all,Tf2_Bastard,I say ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ON PC SINCE I GOT VAC BANNED FOR NO REASON !!!!! GOOD JOB INFINITY WARD YOUR GAME SUCKS !!!!!I WANT TO REFUND THIS GAME ! BUT I CANT SINCE I GOT A ♥♥♥♥ING VAC BAN !
76561198141835399,Not Recommended,292730,31850117,Posted: 19 May,all,Jon Savage,"Bought this for Modern Warfare remasters since Activision knows they couldn't come up with a new cod worth buying so they squeezed every last dollar they could from people who wanted to play the remaster. Infinite warfare isn't even downloaded to my pc anymore. That's how terrible it is. I played through the campaign and played two rounds of the online to confirm what I already knew, it's boring starwars parkour bs that only weirdos and folks who have never had the pleasure of using real guns would enjoy. The infinite warfare campaign was boring and I could'nt wait to get through the garbage space age crap. The modern warfare remaster would be great if it wasn't so hard to find other players to get into a game. Also, they added crap to it that is nice but still no EO Tech or propper red dot like an aimpoint. Of course you can however make your rifle glow into a bunch of rainbow colors if you are a homosexual. I feel like everyone who bought this should be refunded. It's barely playable and the optimization is trash too. You'll be glad to get 60fps every few games or so while the rest of the time you'll be running at 23-42 fps even if you have a Nividia 1070 graphics card, I7 7700k, 16gb of ram etc. You'd be better off using your $80 for almost anything else."
,Not Recommended,292730,30159764,Posted: 24 February,all,Leofr200,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30159922,Posted: 24 February,all,KillerRoo,"Having been dissapointed for a couple years now, this is the first CoD I didn't buy. They run a free weekend, great, I'll pick it up and just see how it is.In the 30 minutes I played, the game crashed 10 times, mind you, I have the best PC money can buy. I attempted to load into 20 multiplayer games, none of which worked. It simply did not get past ""connecting to match"" then after 5 minutes, could crash. Zombies was locked, horrible move... Does Infinity Ward (Do they still make cod? god knows) even want me to play the game? Over the course of the whole weekend, I did not play a minute of Call of Duty.9/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,292730,30159998,Posted: 24 February,all,Pimp Daddy Llama,"Absolute garbage lol, even the time to even download and try this game in free weekend is a waste... Don't waste your time and money (due to new stupid network bw cap) with this pos... I have never felt so slapped in the face from trying out a game in Free weekend. DOESN'T F@CRKING WORK AT ALL!Loaded in...checkVideo Settings...checkControl mapping..checkGood to go, as I start multi... Oh great connection lost. Maybe If I open NAT..  DC AGAIN, NOPE! Looks online, NO FIX!?10/10 WOULD WASTE TIME AND MONEY FOR FREE GAME THAT DOESN'T WORK!"
76561197986916697,Not Recommended,292730,30159850,Posted: 24 February,all,Maximushski,Doesn't float my boat
,Not Recommended,292730,29511943,Posted: 26 January,all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"This game starts off with some serious promise, and I was very, very much excited for it. But alas, the interesting experiments and good ideas only have half a plot holding them together. The writing is prety terrible too, and it just gets worse the closer to the end you get. I didn't think it was possible for a campaign mode as short as Call of Duty's to drag, but this one somehow did.Luckily, Zombies mode is a whole lot of fun and I very much enjoy it, but ultimately you're probably better off getting Titanfall 2 than this. It isn't the worst game in the world but there exist far better ones."
,Not Recommended,292730,30139985,Posted: 24 February,all,SEKO farmskins.com,"This game is garbage, PLS DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PPL PLS PLS PLS AND PLS CLAIM YOUR MONEY BACK FAST AS POSSIBLETIP OF THE DAY: sue the company"
,Not Recommended,292730,26445225,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DuncesUnited,modern warefare remastered is simply a turd with polish. You can dress it up all you want but in the end you are♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30232397,Posted: 27 February,all,KeanKink,"very poorly optimized especialy for controller users, zombies is fun but gets boring, not like codbo3 at all for zombies, made for console not for pc, frame rate is low on a high end system graphics are that of modern warfare, and  target lock on controller is gone, disappointed in this cod unlike the cods from the past."
,Recommended,292730,31893046,Posted: 21 May,all,Jay Dust,"You've read the reviews. I don't feel a big need to contribute to the specifics of what has already been said about this game. The truth is, it probably would have been all around well regarded if Call of Duty wasn't in the title.The same could also be said for the past few Call of Duty releases."
76561198086662825,Not Recommended,292730,31836076,Posted: 19 May,all,xotho,"BE AWARE, READ CAREFULLY PLEASE!I bought This Game but after 3 weeks of support request I DID NEVER RECEIVED a SOLUTION from both STEAM and ACTIVISION too!This product hang up at startup at the main center-screen logo and the same happen to all the product delivered with this product too.The product has been installed on a fresh pure installation of WINDOWS 10 PRO X64 v1703 Os build 15063.296 ENG:DELL 7710, XEON E3-1535M V5, 32G DDR4 EEC RAM,  2 X PCIe M.2  1 TB RAID 1, MPWS1T SSD, NVIDIA QUADRO M5000M DDR5 8G RAM, DISPLAY IGZO UHD (3.840x2.160), INTEL DUAL BAND WIFI 8260.CHECKED ALMOST 95% OF 3D GAME'S ENGINES ACTUALLY USED TO REALIZE GAMES AND THE ONLY ONE THAT IS NOT RUNNING IS IW FROM ACTIVISION.FROM MY POINT OF VIEW A TERRIBLE FLOP, MISSING REAL SUPPORT.I WAS REFOUNDED AFTER FIGHTING A LOT THANKS TO NO SUPPORT FROM BOTH STEAM AND ACTIVISION, BOTH RESPONSIBLE EQUALLY.PERSONALLY I WOULD SUGGEST YOU ALL TO BE AWARE FROM BUYING DIGITAL DELIVERED SOFTWARE BECAUSE A SHOP IS MORE EFFICIENT! IF SOMETHING DO NOT GO RIGHT THEN YOU GET MONEY BACK IMMEDIALTY, NO NEED TO REQUEST SUPPORT LOSING TIME.AND I AM A DEVELOPER TOO, AND I AM RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT I PRODUCE, WHY BOTH STEAM AND ACTIVISION DO NOT RESPECT MAIN COMMON SENSE RULES?TAKE CARE U ALL."
76561198059463178,Not Recommended,292730,30154197,Posted: 24 February,all,OOster,"Felt too clunky, i had to wait till i was in a match to change my video settings, the 5 matches i played none of them were balaced player wise. 2 out of 5 were 1 v 6. primary weapons felt useless. TBH I'd rather play Halo ODST or the equivalent of ♥♥♥♥ing an angry meat grinder."
,Not Recommended,292730,30198098,Posted: 26 February,all,iDan',poop
,Not Recommended,292730,30198734,Posted: 26 February,all,Scrappy Doo,So I cant give this game a fair review because I can not join a game lol.
76561198112208549,Not Recommended,292730,30247672,Posted: 28 February,all,Inslytik,very dissapointed in infinite warfare. still dont have all the gamemodes xbox one and ps4 have. lots of connection issues takes almost 15 minutes to find a lobby and when you finally get into a lobby its with people you have played with before countless of times. DO NOT BUY
76561198018944227,Not Recommended,292730,26436876,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JuicyOrange,Just got a refund in time..... LUCKY ME !!!well I have been a COD FAN for all my life since COD4all i can say is... this one is the worst one.. usually i hate to play COD from treyach....and always waiting for Infinity ward but then.... this ONE !!I lost hope now cuz BO3 is much more better FFS !!so sad that i have been waiting for so long and just have to refund the COD game the first time in my life... dang it...ps. i was talking only about Infinite one tho not the remastered one.
,Not Recommended,292730,30185237,Posted: 25 February,all,Carbon,♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,292730,30194463,Posted: 26 February,all,radiKal,It gets boring so fast...
,Not Recommended,292730,30245103,Posted: 28 February,all,OrangeGamer.exe,Got it FREE. Played it... deleted it. Just don't waste you life and money waiting for this to download.
,Not Recommended,292730,26412971,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Evan E-leet,Oh look another call of duty game that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love how they dont put anytime into making sure their games run correctly on PC. I have a good computer and meet the requirements and dont have this issue with other games. I mean it even lags during the menus. That to me shows its not optimized well for PC. The gameplay itself seems OK. Even that I wouldnt say its anything special.
76561198107170923,Recommended,292730,31678523,Posted: 10 May,all,b.r.i.o,"When they finally went to space, fans started to be afraid of aliens!!!... so they wanted back on Earth, in the arms of their mums, enjoying to play a century old conflict that has been turned on all sides by now. There will be nothing majorly new in the COD WWII game, but there was great potential in Infinite Warfare...It is a real shame that, like someone else already said in a different review, the community killed this game. I agree completely. I've played the Modern Warfare 1-3, but I didn't enjoy the story and presentation. I enjoyed Black Ops 1 more than 2, but they still didn't quite hit a chord with me.Advanced Warfare is when I started to feel so much joy in playing the COD games because the story, presentation and game mechanics really resonated with me. With Black Ops III, once I did understand the complex story (shame on those who dismissed BO3 for its ""bad story""), I fell in love with the direction that the COD games were taking. I felt they were becoming more distinguished, more refined, establishing an interesting universe on which it could build on.And so they did, Infinite Warfare is in my opinion the MASTERPIECE of all the COD games. Better frames per second than most other COD games, even on my laptop. But the best part of this game is the story and the game mechanics. It is interesting, fresh, distinct and well acted.Shame on the COD fans with no taste!!! Infinite Warfare is an awesome game and I am saddened by the ""returning to the roots"" attitude that they wanted, because in a world of remasters and recycled stories, Infinite Warfare was new, maybe so new that these ""upset"" fans couldn't handle it. Let Battlefield 1 be what it is, because Activision/Infinity Ward had enough creativity to make their space setting feel unique.Real shame and I hope COD games will soon return to the setting that Advanced Warfare, Black Ops III and Infinite Warfare have taken !!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30179111,Posted: 25 February,all,Will Smitd trade.tf,"this game is the reason why the original counter strike has more active players. You can do limited missions, you have to ♥♥♥♥ing buy zombies on a free weekend to play it. I regret wasting 4 hours of my time to download.People scrolling down. DO NOT INSTALL THIS TRASH"
76561198028188755,Not Recommended,292730,30904485,Posted: 2 April,all,Rory_merchury,Good storyline space warfare... however... Its sad that this game Fails to meet what players want... ofcourse campaign got improved but zombies WTF 1 damn map Nothing more rest Full of microtransactons same for Multiplayer.... this is yet again one of those horrible failures After BOP I liked Every game up to bops 1 after that i lost interest... decided to buy this game on the day it came out ok good to see if it got improved... Huge waste of moneyPro Cons:Pro's :+ SpaceWar!+ long campaign Confirmed!+ Graphics Pornifyingly decent+ Story of campaign Good!+ Robots in multiplayer YAS+ gender choice Good+ Customization confirmedCon's :- Multiplayer Sucks Horrible- Zombies 1 map... Ok good idea but no just no! why 1- Lagg Horrible lot o latency not on my end..- Game tends to crash a lot like SRS- Needs to Buy Digital Legacy to get Modern Warfare Remastered wich costs 20 euro's more- lot Content Ripped out of game and turned into DLCOverview:Dont buy this Game Its a huge Waste of your money like serious DOntLet us wait for the Upcoming WWII game instead... i wonder what they are gonna do with that
,Not Recommended,292730,26438023,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CrunkFreak,"Refund requested and received. So uninteresting, COD lost it's essence with all that space BS."
,Not Recommended,292730,30161743,Posted: 25 February,all,✪ Dogan,"First of all, this doesn't feel like Call of Duty at all.Stopped playing CoD series after Black Ops 2.I dont know whats going on with activision.Now about Infinite WarfareFairly Optimised game but i experienced too many crashes.Was searching for a multiplayer match, but no one ever connected, maybe no one plays this game.Very expensive for what its offering.I wont recommend this for the price."
,Not Recommended,292730,30161383,Posted: 25 February,all,Build a firewall around Russia,"complete trash, would rather play farming simulator."
,Not Recommended,292730,30169095,Posted: 25 February,all,чакар,"I feel bad for the people who paid 60$ for this..Also this ""free-weekend"" is bs..Zombies locked,Singleplayer locked.."
,Not Recommended,292730,26417474,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DancingPoo,"Bought the game for MW:R, of course.IW SP starts off with a bang, amazing tone and pace. But because there's no review page for MW:R, i'm gunna rate IW instead.Being a long fan of MW, the graphics is a good upgrade. But the downsides to this?1. Amazing lag (latency) in MW:R MP.2. Amazing loading time just for a 75 man kill.3. Amazing gun sounds (god they sound so great they sounded like i was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the toilet. Original was way better)4. For the love of God, where's the server browser? Why remove something that's not broken?5. Ok, ok. I'm from SEA, and yeah, SEA internet sucks right? Yeap, mine's so bad that i can download a 1gb file in less than a minute.6. EXTRAS!: Jesus christ, I suck at this game. Emptied an entire clip of MP5 clip to a person's back, and another half a clip just for it to register and killed him! Yippeee!! (I think it took me 4 seconds + reload to kill him. I'm sorry, i'm just bad)7. EXTRAS 2!: I seriously think that this game is not meant to be released in 2016. Probably 2018. I scored a 15fps on a GTX 1080 SLI! IW, please do kindly sell me the system that you guys are using to build this game. You guys are from the future indeed.God i love this game, i'd love so much drop a thumbs up for it, i really do. But it's so damn disappointing that even Soap cant wash it off. I'm sorry, Soap."
76561198135115907,Not Recommended,292730,29453102,Posted: 23 January,all,MrCrustxNasty,"Infinate Warfare atleast has better optimization than the Modern Warefare Remastereds Campaign.  Modern Warefare Remastered Campaign can't run at a constant 60fps at 1080p on a rig that has a gtx 970, i7 6700 (non-overclocked or unlocked), and 8gbs of ram.  So basicly don't buy this crappy game."
,Not Recommended,292730,28123017,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jasonhalejph,"Zombies is good, multiplayer blows cheeks."
76561198137222993,Not Recommended,292730,28439918,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Feminist Slayer,"Here are my first impressions of IW;Pros:1. Nice solid Guns2. Frame rates feel more consistent than bo33. Lots of ways to maneuver around4. Decent movement systemCons:1. Takes like a full round of ammo to kill2. Majority of maps lack colors3. Matchmaking is still pretty bad4. Some of the maps have to many corridors5. Still has horrible spawnsOverall, I can't say much about this game. You might like the futuristic-type cods, but personally it wasn't for me. Would I recommend it? Idk, it's up to you. I thought it was just a waste of $60. You might as well get a much more well made game for that amount."
76561198212488033,Not Recommended,292730,28349825,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheEmerald,not that fun
,Not Recommended,292730,27767290,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[ZM] Twizzlers,"I gave it my other award for ""Good Try""It's not bad... but its not an improvement in the series either so... :/"
,Not Recommended,292730,27778131,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moose,I was jebaited into buying Infinite Warfare because of MW nostalgia. Gave IW a try after Modern Warfare and the game crashed 6 times and failed to load into 3 multiplayer games. Getting a refund ASAP.
,Not Recommended,292730,28176248,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,EliteSquad,Graphics doesn't feel natural anymore and gameplay isn't as good. Also the menu transition and everything seems really bad. It has a feeling like playing in a cartoon. Also maps are either too bright or too dark. I think it'd have been a better decision to just add new maps to the Black Ops 3 rather than butchering the game :(
,Not Recommended,292730,27489642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thunderbvddy,♥♥♥♥♥game so many hackers
,Not Recommended,292730,28017034,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,despacito,"Honestly, great game. People are just tryna follow the hype train of hate just to look cool, or they just don't like the space and advanced crap.NOTE : I DONT HAVE MW3 REMASTERED SO IM NOT GOING TO HAVE PROS AND CONS ON THAT GAME.Pros :Zombies is AMAZING!Easter egg is so fun.Campaign has a well thought out, long story that kept me excited for hours.They brought back some classic guns (OSA, Intervention, and M19 or whatever that gun is called which is the M1)Rigs are good, but almost like a BO3 Copy, aswell as the ""ultimate"" as I call them.Cons (a lot of opinion) :The game is a pain to play in multiplayer, choppy, freezes every second, laggy, too much HUDIt takes WAY too long to rank upThe queues are so broken because you have a team of noobs and the other team is ESL ProsThe starter guns do absolutely no damage so the game is pay to win instantlyThey brought back SUPPLY DROPSYou die way too quickly, it is frustratingGame is very overpricedVery unnesscessary things are included like motion blur and ect.For my final opinion, I honestly don't recommend this game unless you want to pay $60-$100 for only zombies. Multiplayer and Campaign is good and all but it's just so annoying. Plus, theres like 5 million hacks already released for the game so, hackers are everywhere. The P2W is over the limit at this point. Ripper is OP, and it is a P2W gun aswell so you will get SHREDDED (if you play zombies you would mabye get what i tried to do there :P) when somebody on the other team has the gun. Well, thats my opinion on this game, GL if you play multiplayer because it is an ABSOLUTE PAIN."
,Not Recommended,292730,28177071,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tape It's Tape,"The single player campaign is fine for CoD, but if you are here for multiplayer this game is a total GHOST TOWN. Sometimes waiting 5+ minutes during off hours if I can even find a match. Any mode besides Team Deathmatch and off-peak multiplayer is impossible. You'll find matches at prime time, but the crappy matchmaker might pair you on a team that's 3 vs 6. Repeatedly. After many hours of playing, I'm giving up trying to wrestle with the multiplayer. It's just not good enough to be worth the effort and it's not getting any more popular as the days go by."
,Not Recommended,292730,28319676,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Schadenfreude-Chan ( ºᴥº),"I like this game, but the game broke with the most recent patch so I can't play it and can't get a refund.lol"
76561198100790873,Not Recommended,292730,26763475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,clawsonk123,Finally finished the campaign.  Have no ideal what I just played.  This is it for me when it comes to the COD games.  So far removed from it roots.
,Not Recommended,292730,27780062,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,johnweythek,"Graphics are crap, worse than BO3.Cutscenes are choppy but the game works fine? WTF?MP is so full of hackers it's totally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,292730,28088649,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Blasian,Bad Stuff-So many crashes in multiplayer-Not a lot of players-No Anti-CheatGood Stuff-Campain-Looks Cool
,Not Recommended,292730,28191838,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Klocker,HOW DO I PLAY SPLIT SCREEN MULTIPLAYER!?!?!?!?!?!!
76561198080270244,Not Recommended,292730,28209622,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Henshin,"The games great before the update, but now everytime in lobby for multiplayer it suddenly kick me out without notice and when i tried to exit it freeze. Dev .....come on , get this game work again. it fell like the worst $79 game purchase that i ever made."
,Not Recommended,292730,28322672,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,"i 6, 我味不好I","Infinite Warfare single player = Very good, probably the best SP in COD so far.MW Remastered = A piece of trash:1. There is NO ANTI-CHEAT.. 9/10 lobbies will have someone aimbotting shooting heads through walls (in Australia anyway, they were all criminals onces, probably explains why).2. Everyone gets frame drops at the start of the game, regardless of the gaming system.3. No ping indication, you can only tell by counting the delay of throwing a grenade.4. This engine seems to be the advanced warfare engine rather than inifite warfare engine, AW engine is trash. The new IW engine is really smooth, too bad.IW multiplayer = okay game, runs very well, one of the smoothest running COD engines since cod4MW."
76561198313374038,Not Recommended,292730,28481732,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,cleonliew.cl,"Actually this game campaign is quite good ,just that there are too many bugs.In the mission operation burn water : fight or flight .After being attacked by the Olympics, I can`t continue the mission. Since this is a main mission, I can`t proceed the compaign any further.P.S. After a few months, this bug was being fixed, but there are still other bugs haven't been fixed such as some of the cut scenes are being played twice and other problems."
76561198015832083,Not Recommended,292730,28193245,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Late4Dinner,"I have been playing this game since release and I like all of the features that have been put in the game. But the amount of Hackers/ Cheaters take all of the fun out of the game, and it doesnt get fixed."
76561198071987228,Not Recommended,292730,28088083,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lcid54,Cant Find a Lobby no ones playing T.T
,Not Recommended,292730,28174267,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JKNuke12,"This game makes me miss CoD:Ghosts.In my group of friends, I'm still the only one who plays or ever played Call of Duty. I did enjoy Black Ops 3, but this game is so much worse. Campaign is enojoyable but short. Zombies felt forced because CoD = Zombies right? Multiplayer is trash, especialy since the series started putting variations of weapons in crates to buy. Community is small and shrinking, but people do play. Every match has people flying around for 75% of the rounds.Don't bother with MW:Remastered. It's a terrible PS4 port, crappy connections, and almost no player base. They even patched out the numbers to precentage of players because the numbers were so low.BTW: I'm still waiting for my shader cache to update..."
76561198014426763,Not Recommended,292730,28317071,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DiM,"Well, first of all, I DO know CoD has always been a multiplayer game, but guys...seriously? 8 hours? It took me 8 hours to finish the campaign. With coffee breaks. Of course, I have to admit these were great 8 hours, but no way it should be a full campaign in any game. Especially for that price."
,Not Recommended,292730,26793666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XERO,"Year disappointment, I think the game has become more and more damaged they could just as well call it Black Ops 4 and Dominion achievement (Win 5 online matches in Multiplayer) can not be unlocked"
,Not Recommended,292730,30195443,Posted: 26 February,all,Jambers,A waste of £0
76561198033682655,Not Recommended,292730,26573567,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,..,"It is still a hopper's game, which competes on the players' net speed or if he/she have the boosting patch installed."
76561197970941674,Not Recommended,292730,26423610,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Slippy,"Doesn't run.  ""Input No Support"" error message from someone not in English speaking country."
,Recommended,292730,31218225,Posted: 18 April,all,Rick Sanchez,"I really do like this game. My only problem is that there's not nearly enough players, presumably because of the hugely negative reviews and people assuming it's because the game is actually bad, when in actuality like half of those reviews are (ironically) from people complaining about the playerbase being too small, contributing to the very problem."
76561198201776079,Recommended,292730,34338202,Posted: 18 August,all,MailmanMaksim,you should only buy this game if you want to be meme supreme from all the memes this game has spawned it has truly changed the way i think of gaming.Sch as now thats a supply drop or good day fleshy mammals.Trust me when I say you are not meme supreme if you don't own this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,29528983,Posted: 27 January,all,NIPPER,Input from the arrow keys is still bugged.  Game is unplayable for arrow key users without extra software.
,Not Recommended,292730,26606397,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gunnur,"Only bought this for the zombies and the remastered modern warfare (IMO, cod multiplayer started dying after Black Ops 1). Hopefully they will eventually sell modern warfare on it's own though since that seems to be why the only only people actually able to play this game buy it (M for mature yet you'll find a lot of younger players here, especially on consoles)."
76561198004711076,Not Recommended,292730,26608504,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Grimmjack66,"I tried... I really tried... some times the game played like it should and I had fun... But I would say over half the time it stutters and skips.. I think i am getting killed in one shot but when I watch the kill cam I am sitting there staring blankly as the dude pumps 3-6 bullets into me. I try wall running and hit a lag bomb and fall to my death. When I complaine the people going 30-1 say I am just a bad player... But can go 20-3 in BF One on Ultra and feel like I was treated fairly. I want a refund.. but have played too long... Don't make the same mistake... it does not get better... Get BF1 if you are into FPS's...My guess is cheats for this game are cheap and no one is going to police it... so if that's your thing get this game.Dec 8, 2016... Just tried to play again after the latest update. Still laggy and the netcode is still crappy. Not worth $9.99 let alone the amount they are still charging. For God's sake DO NOT BUY the season pass!!!! People claim there are a lot of cheaters but it's hard to tell because the lag and jumping around."
76561197993844904,Not Recommended,292730,26608850,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mnmlst,"No wonder they forced me to buy this piece of cr*p to get MW. Infinite warfare multiplayer is garbage. Terrible sound design, art direction and even worse maps. So disapointed. Clunky movement, it's like titanfall while robo-tripping, but not that fun.Never again, I'm done with cod."
,Not Recommended,292730,26625589,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Loko,"Can't find a game- neither regular TDM or HC, laggy with GTX 1060. Singleplayer is boring and repetetive. After trying for 20 min to connect to ANY game requested refund.UPD. 2 bugfixes later multiplayer is much better. Less lag. (BTW steam CS - suxxx). I still think singleplayer is boring.UPD2.  I still find UI confusing after 140 hours of playing :) Connectivity sucks: sometimes I can't connect to any game, for like 20 - 30 minutes, and then it fails to connect... Great!!!!.  Connection quality level is ALWAYS showing 4 bars for all players which is not true. If I leave a lobby and trying to reconnect again I will be placed to the same lobby, period, no alternatives. And about single player: it's stutters on videos, badly. I hope I can force myself not to buy COD crap anymore. Should've buy Titanfall 2.UPD3. I bought TF2... And looks like I like TF1 better. Am I getting old and don't like changes?COD IW still sucks :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,26606039,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mattgyver317,"Game doesn't work even when all specs are met. They have a flaw in the programming, need to fix some code with DirectX, mostly dealing with version 12. I do not recommend, Devs and CEOs ""Oversold"" with ads and marketing the paperweight, worthless POS game, if one could call it that. Will no longer be trying or purchasing anymore thru this game Company or it Publisher or any of the affore mentioned related."
76561198041181859,Not Recommended,292730,26608359,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,aploginer,"Personally speaking, this is THE purchase I would regret for the rest of the yearRidiculous campain-In this campain, the total number of ships in earth fleet is about 20 while the mar union has hundreds-The Olympia Mountain can instantly eliminate 8 ships with ease. Yet with this technology, the maraian choose to hack the earth's AATIS defense-The main canon of OM does not match its size, that's the canon for an AA ship.-An earth fleet carrier could only hold two fighters and two transporters-The large ships are just glass canons, even two or three fighters can eliminate a carrier. If I were the authorities I would build carrier only. This is also an explanation why the marians need to destory AATIS-The fighther has the most advanced auto-lock system, yet no long-range radar to indicate the position of enemies.-Missiles are useless-You have to take off and land on carrier again and again-Side missions? Come'n this is not a sand-box game-You have new equipment unlocked, please check in the armory. WHAT?-You never lose the battle, but always lose the war when in story-line missions-Actually this game only has 5 story-line missions with 10+ side missions-When hunting agent Riya, you have to catch him and watch him destroying AATIS instead of killing him on the run.-When finally get the  OM, what Rayen did is to jump to Mar, destroy less a dozen ships and a shipyard, forcing almost everyone of his crew to die on a suicide mission. Most of the time, Rayen's fellows are just too reluctant to die.Zombie Mode-The game should receive better marks if it's titled Call of Duty - Spaceland-I don't want to waste time watching a dozen of walkthroughs online.-Easter egg is not a mission to accomplishGraphical IssuesThe game is quite laggy in full graphical setting while my GPU usage under that setting never exceeds 20%Overall-It's even worse than CODOL in China-I feel sorry because instead of supporting those real good games I supported you guys, for a d*** 80 dollars-1/10, no more"
76561197966647517,Not Recommended,292730,26576866,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,W00,"The only mode I can play is the Infinity MP.  The SP has ""imagefile29.pak"" error. Working on it.BUT also!Very disappointed about the other errors.  This morning Modern Warfare Remastered is offline and yesterday I played only a few minutes.Online servers or hosts not accesseble.My NAT is moderate. Have to find out how to fix that. 80 euro's not well spend. Sniff."
76561198067516011,Not Recommended,292730,26625426,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Stealth Inc,"IW MULTIPLAYERPlenty of other reviews about it, but not so much about the cheaters.  Aimbotters and wallhacks running amok in multiplayer.  VAC is disabled and no word on when it will be enabled.  The ""Recent Players"" Steam feature is also unavailable for this game, which means unreportable hackers (unless they have a unique name that can be searched easily) have zero reprecussions for ruining the game for everyone else and there's nothing that can be done about them other than just hope that they get bored and leave, like everyone else.  The game still uses the same old Quake 3 engine that COD has been using for so long, still full of so many exploitable security holes.  Don't buy if you're in it for multiplayer.IW CAMPAIGNCampaign lacks replayability just like BO3, there's just no weapons/level progression this time around.  The story is less♥♥♥♥♥than it has been in the previous few games, but it's still pretty whacky and leaves gaping plotholes to the imagination.  The gameplay has seen great improvements, and also a spaceship battling system as well as optional missions to assassinate primary enemy targets that are pretty cool.  Like in all other CODs, the campaign is still underwhelmingly short.MWR CAMPAIGN/MULTIPLAYERThe MWR campaign and multiplayer are both a carbon copy of the old COD 4, it is just a reskin that looks somewhat better, does not have as many cheaters, and nothing more.  The multiplayer also has bonus crippling performance issues.  No balancing or bug fixes.IW ZOMBIESZombies is great, if you use guides.  The obnoxiously convoluted easter eggs from BO2/3 zombies have only gotten worse, and you pretty much have to do them if you want to survive for too long because the zombies are much beefier than they have been in previous games.  The zombies gamemode otherwise generally plays somewhat shorter, more rewarding, and (arguably) harder than previous COD zombies modes.ACTIVISION BUSINESS DECISIONSThe Windows 10 store and Steam both have this game.  They both use the same platform...  The PC.  These two versions of the game are not connected to each other.  You'd think this was a decision on part of Microsoft shooting themselves in the foot to try to get one at Steam, but no, this was a decision by the publisher of IW."
,Not Recommended,292730,26542646,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,EX1ST3D (TheExistedHim),Bought the ultimate edition and never even recieved my season pass or 10 rare crate keys.Nobody plays this♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol
,Recommended,292730,30278189,Posted: 2 March,all,B-Boy-Drake,"Time For A Come To Jesus MeetingI have been reading through some reveiws on this game and seems no one knows how to actually be honest so after 40 hours of playing within a week I would like to say something actually helpfull. Lets start off with the negatives for this game.Negative'sIs this just another Call of Duty game?Yes, you will play multiplayer with prestiged people, hope you dont get your♥♥♥♥♥whooped but get addicted to leveling up and whooping some♥♥♥♥♥yourself.Well that campaign is just going through edgy cut scenes and looking at horrible graphics right?No, this is actually one of the more in depth campaigns for call of duties I have seen. Now mind you I did not play Ghosts that much (Lets be honest who did) But on playstation 3 I have been playing call of duty since World At War up to the release of Ghosts and the freedom you get in this new campaign is honestly amazing! Now the campaign does start off very annoying and starts off feeling just like any other COD campaign in all honesty.I downloaded the game for free weekend and I dont want it...Well cool no one cares, first of all the whole game is around 60(ish) GB to download, the free weekend is 30(ish) GB so no your not getting everything for free on a free weekend which really irritated me. But no one goes out to buy a COD for the campaign, most people play the multiplayer, and Zombies but no you dont get Zombies for free either which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to honestly.Positive'sWell the campaigns just gonna suck like most other COD's...Not so much, theres alot more depth in it this time around then I honestly expected. I was shocked to see you get to decide your own missions (whether its a story mission or side mission) although I would have liked to see the side missions be more impactfull, but all in all I am very impressed with  how different this campaign feels from the traditional COD recipe of the campaigns.Hows the multiplayer?Its a COD game and the multiplayer playes like one, so dont be that idiot that downloades it on free weekend or buys it and expect it to play like a battlefield game or CSGO THATS NOT WHAT THIS IS, this is a COD game so treat it as such. If you dont want a COD game then dont buy a game with ""Call of Duty"" in the title. But the multiplayer does have a little bit of pay to win but nothing I have honestly noticed. I started out without paying a dime and could hold my own against the higher prestiges, and even when I spent some cash on the supply drops I didnt suddenly start destroying games I maybe even started having a harder time.I kinda miss zombies how is it?Zombies is amazing! First of all you dont need 4 people anymore to do any easter egg so if some D-bag randomly leaves your still a-okay, not to mention you get to customize your stuff, zombies is what I am honestly going to be playing most off and if you can get thise for 50% off just for the zombies DO IT. Its worth every penny there is a leveling system and cards you get to intensify and adds so much more depth to zombies then just learning how to train zombies and do easter eggs all day.ConclusionWell I havent seen an honest review for this in the top section for a while and I got tired of idiots saying ""Got it for free and still dont want it"". So to those who want an honest opinion here it is.Your buying another call of duty, the multliplayer is just like another call of duty for the most part, zombies and the campaign are a different story. Also if you skeptical and arent sure then buy it on sale if you care about zombies.All around if you like COD and/or did in the past this is an awesome game to get back into it."
76561198191101778,Not Recommended,292730,26426448,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kewl Guy,"Please dont buy this game. My specs are a nvidia gtx 960, core i7, and 16 gb of RAM. i cant load a mp game or campaign! The only thing that does work is the uninstall button...."
,Not Recommended,292730,28402208,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TurtleBoys,"Cool storymode, Zombies Fun, Multiplayer is pretty good too. Only problem is the community is REALLY small and there's a lot of cheaters.New Update: Their new update is broken and gltichy and made the multiplayer and zombies unplayable. I'm not talking about it being super laggy (which it is), but you literally cannot access the multiplayer and zombies."
76561198030678851,Not Recommended,292730,28404822,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nate Ack,"Didn't enjoy this game at all - I like it when COD keeps it simple, which they have not done in a while.  Last COD game I will buy until they change my mind."
76561198092244577,Not Recommended,292730,30129206,Posted: 23 February,all,iekm,SHITY
76561198123911835,Not Recommended,292730,31381473,Posted: 26 April,all,DopeyDarkhorse,Thank goodness refunds exist
,Not Recommended,292730,30162559,Posted: 25 February,all,Blue,♥♥♥♥edy ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,292730,29997301,Posted: 17 February,all,Riotvenom,"This review is not about Infinite Warfare, that game is alright (single player anyways, didn't really dabble in the multiplayer). What can I say, it's fun to shoot dudes in space, and shooting dudes is what COD is about. Now for the game I actually want to review. Modern Warfare Remastered. The single player was a blast, a nice nostalgia trip back to high school and I was hoping the multi would be the same. And it was... For about 10 seconds before the horrendous framedrops and stuttering happened. I chalked it up to maybe some setttings being wonky or a shoddy host and chug through a match. Alright, next match. Same thing. As with the one after that.I dropped the game for a few months after that. Came back and same. ♥♥♥♥ing. deal. Except this time on top of all the other problems I now crash every few minutes. I'm gonna have to say with a not so heavy heart to stay the hell away from this game. I am far from the only person experiencing these problems and the devs show absolutely no sign of trying to fix any of them. Oh, one last kick to the nads. They added everyone's most favoritest thing: Microtransactions!The basic specs of my PC:- Nvidia 980ti- Intel i7 6700k- 32 gbs of ram"
,Recommended,292730,28921659,Posted: 1 January,all,Driftgod,this game is one of the few cods i've played that actually doesn't suck performance wise. The story is super interesting aswell and the multiplayer feels pretty much like black ops 3.do I recommend this game? yea.
76561198078619703,Not Recommended,292730,30166878,Posted: 25 February,all,jamesmee33,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CANT YOU GET THE THE MENU ON THE FREE DAY TRIAL? WHO BUILT THIS AAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS C===========3
76561198033530290,Recommended,292730,31711524,Posted: 12 May,all,equester81,"I'm not big on multiplayer, so I bought this for the single player. This game is a lot of fun! I can't comment on the multiplayer, but as a single player experience you could do a lot worse."
,Not Recommended,292730,30229620,Posted: 27 February,all,ja231c,I suggest that you go to Origin and buy Titanfall 2 instead.
76561198231060272,Not Recommended,292730,30169636,Posted: 25 February,all,exNvP,Nop...
,Recommended,292730,28787605,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rocket-Bot,"my review for cod IW/MWRiw:very fun, guns are pretty good. nobodies online lol wonder where they are.i had some frame skips pretty bad ones but i turned on sync every frame (vsync) and it works yaymwr:same thing as cod4 but made more like IW so now its like its own cod game.very funI got it when the delux was on sale for 60 dollars so its pretty good"
,Recommended,292730,30400830,Posted: 8 March,all,Dudeinco,"I didn't come for the multiplayer, but the single player was excellent.  At times, the graphics were outstanding, and the gameplay was very enjoyable.  The story line was good, and overall, I'd consider it a great game from a single player perspective.  One of the best campaign experiences I've had with a Call of Duty title.Did I mention I had absolutely no glitches or crashes during the entire length of a game?Excellent work from a single player perspective."
,Not Recommended,292730,30159277,Posted: 24 February,all,Shaedowhunter,This is the sort of game Mac gamers and 12 year-olds play.
76561198354711614,Recommended,292730,30861178,Posted: 31 March,all,boocester,my review for this gAME IS defitley 5 stars the combT IS GOOD multiplayer is good and zombies is awsome.The only problem i have is the campain wasent as good as black ops 3.
76561198107807818,Not Recommended,292730,30126473,Posted: 23 February,all,Eldershadow13,"Tried to play during the free weekend, the entire time I tried to play was taken up by useless cutscenes and constant crashing during everything ranging from changing a video setting to trying to join a match. I've had a more enjoyable time dealing with burning garbage. Do not buy under any circumstances because it's not even worth your time when it's free."
,Not Recommended,292730,30196793,Posted: 26 February,all,StyledBear,"free weekend,installed, 50 GB...played one multiplayer matchuninstalled"
,Not Recommended,292730,31000607,Posted: 7 April,all,TheMacauOne,just here for Modern Warfare Remastered
,Not Recommended,292730,30420849,Posted: 9 March,all,Shi,"All around poor game. No anti cheat, no lobbies, and extreme frame drops.I dont have great specs, but I cant even run the game on low without experiencing frame issues.FX-8350GTX 10608GB Ram7200 RPM performance DriveThis video shows one of the better experiences I've had with the game, and it was still horrendous.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhpPYgmm6koActivision has apparently exhausted all suggestions for me, and suggested I refund the game, but Valve says no because I have 7 hours of trying to fix the fram drop issues logged. Maybe 20 minutes of actual gameplay. Avoid at all costs, Modern Warfare Remastered has just as many issues."
,Not Recommended,292730,30222909,Posted: 27 February,all,Camo4th,"played during: FREE WEEKENDHonestly, i did not like the game.Optimization is 'ok'. The playerbase is too small to play a normal match and/or have normal connection.There aren't a lot of guns. Movement is fine."
,Not Recommended,292730,31787438,Posted: 16 May,all,Lightning,i can see this game is heavily influenced by Bad Rats.
76561198366170843,Not Recommended,292730,30298261,Posted: 3 March,all,RAGIRAG,craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap
,Not Recommended,292730,30741799,Posted: 25 March,all,MacrossFiru,"Spent a week trying to get this to work, checked all the forums, updated drivers, uninstalled and reinstalled, verified game cache integrity, removed antivirus, reinstalled antivirus, rebooted my computer more times this week than I have all year.Can't get past the Splash Screen, jesus, I'm not running a dinosaur here, I'm on a 4K series i5, 16 gb of ram and an R9 270x with 2GB vram, I'm running Mass Effect Andromeda and NieR with no hassle... so why this game doesnt work is beyond me.Don't bother wasting your money on this, pile of junk, Activision have been unhelpful or incapable of providing support."
76561197983788193,Recommended,292730,28673550,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Trigun,"FIRST OF ALL before everybody loses there♥♥♥♥♥♥i have to say online game play is pretty bad.......Now then, the story and single player game is a very profound and emotional rollercoaster.You must be thinking ""what!"" Well to tell you the truth im sad that it was so short, the game by itself was very fun.I Got very attached to the characters and wanted more. And what sealed the deal was the pretty good detail and the phenominal Interplanitary gameplay. over all just based on the SINGLE PLAYER GAME i would rate it a 8/10"
76561197984949094,Not Recommended,292730,30186633,Posted: 25 February,all,Demic,Absolute bag of **Since cod 4 this series has got shockingly worse.This free crappy weekend cant find a game to play hardly and it is a total waste of the 70Gig hard sick space
76561198178857491,Not Recommended,292730,26445619,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sayo Hitsugi,Bleh! Call of duty Infinite Warfare doesn't load two maps properly in single playerThe textures are p*ss poor-awful even on high
76561198325630435,Not Recommended,292730,26411347,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Davy Jones,"So i played exactly 59 minutes of this game. I dont like how they made it so you have to click the RMB everytime you wanna aim in and out. Its stupid to say the least, but honestly it just seems like COD is trying to get with the times. COD:IW is like that grandpa that wants to be cool but he knows hes not cool. Id love to see them go back to the good ol Black Ops 1 days. Anyway if you spent the $59.99 for this game, i hope you enjoy it more than i did."
,Not Recommended,292730,30819450,Posted: 29 March,all,AFarCryAway,"Stay away... Stay Far FAR away!I should've listened. The warning signs were all there. But no, my nostalgia boner for Modern Warfare was too strong. Activision has lost any and all trust with the consumer at this point. The company is willing to sell their loyal fanbase in exchange for a quick buck. If the next Call of Duty (possibly a WW2 game) is Anything like IW or MWR, we are not in for a 'return to Call of Duty's roots' but yet another shameless cash grab playing at our nostalgia for previous great games.OH and can we please get server browser support back? I like playing my online games without hackers infesting every lobby thank you.PROS:-The Campaign is not terrible like Ghosts, but suffers from the tried and true COD formula of set peice moments.There are sections that give you a bit of freedom, but they were too scared to commit on it.-Zombies is not a bad mode here, but why play this when you can play modded maps on Black Ops IIICONS:-Activision-hackers-anti-consumer practices-holding another videogame hostage-poor community managment-lack of updates addressing PC player concerns-shady business model-optimization-lag/teleporting players-much, much more...TLDR: Just don't. Get Titanfall 2 and support a developer willing to give FREE content to the player instead of making them buy something they have already bought."
,Not Recommended,292730,30174375,Posted: 25 February,all,Glopin Boopin,"It can be fun but not worth the price, I only played this during the free weekends. Basically just a worse version of Black Ops 3.(Good day fleshy mammals)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30155936,Posted: 24 February,all,Giovanni,My first impression will also be the last for the game unless these terrible excuses of video game developers actually provide display settings for PC users without locking them out for no and/or unexplained reason why.You know I honestly thought that Black Ops 3 wasn't all that great despite how much it satisfied me to provide specific display settings to my needs.But THIS IS SOME STREAMLINED SIMPLICITY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.Thank you Steam for giving this free weekend to reconsider my thoughts about buying this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse of a game that tries to call itself a Call of Duty game.
76561198034562320,Not Recommended,292730,31680085,Posted: 11 May,all,GM*Desperado,"For my whole life, I've made only 2 big mistakes:1. Washed my genitals with menthol shampoo2. Bought CoD: IW"
76561198029637256,Not Recommended,292730,26474410,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Xperienced Virgin,"Bought this game, runs really bad even when the graphics were set to low... full refund!System specs:i7 4790k @4ghzRAM= 16gb2x GTX980 sliWindows 10"
76561198157247019,Not Recommended,292730,26466242,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GoatRoach,I should have bought battlefield.
,Not Recommended,292730,26621493,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Reaper Main BTW,Only for MWRIW is trashwant good games to play?Overwatch and Battlefield1
76561198300324818,Not Recommended,292730,26550209,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,big_asian_oreo,"the game keep crashing even thouht i have the right specs for it and i also payed for Cod 4 remastered, I cant even get pass the title screen"
,Not Recommended,292730,26497709,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,D4RT,one word.. LAG
76561197988098878,Not Recommended,292730,26667445,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Seatwo™,"Dont by it complete waste of money, wait for price to drop and buy for a campaign one of the best ones. Multiplayer as usual with COD games seems like a complete after thought. The matchmatch is utter rubbish as i have come to expect since COD 4ish, most servers are laggy even if the pings are completely fine. Also since the first update 18/11/16 the graphics is all screwy even with the correct COD:IW specific drives. Player base is very small and most games are riddled with hackers using shot scripts and players running around like crazy with akimbo weapons not needing to aim at all. Im never buying another COD game again."
76561197967524117,Recommended,292730,35015696,Posted: 16 September,all,darshie76,"WARNING: IF YOU GAME IS SLOW, CHANGE THE REFRESH RATE IN THE SETTINGS TO 59!!!!!This game has been bashed so much; and I do not get why.The story so far has been awesome; the space combat is fun and entertaining although messy, with more explosions than a michael bay movie.I did get the game only for single player, and I can say that it is totally worth it. The graphic is awesome; the various gadget used (like the hacking tool) are really useful and with a purpose; and having limited charges make you think a lot before use it. Being a fan of space games in general, can't find really anything too bad about this game, after playing few hours of the campaign.I wish the game was less ""on rails"", but this is COD; it has always been like this; so no complains here. If other games would have the same level of graphics and animations, but with the freedom to fly your own ship, I think they would be really on top.AI is decent; they move with you, and do a decent job shooting enemies, although at times they are just stuck, and no matter how close an enemy is, they won't take him down, until you do and move forward. Again, this has been in COD games for long time, so nothing new.Can't say anything about the zombie mode, nor the multiplayer because I do not care at all about that aspect, so if it is good or bad, I don't really know, and honestly, I am not even interested in trying it. The main reason for me to get the game was the single player campaign after all.The game need a very strong hardware; so if you do not have at least a GTX980, better to move on; otherwise I have been playing at 60FPS in 1080p without problem.IF you like single player campaigns, with awesome animations and cutscenes, and enjoy COD stories, this game won't disappoint."
,Recommended,292730,31461848,Posted: 30 April,all,Raptor Rex,"i quite enjoyed storymode and cant play online cuz ppl themselves wants to keep community dead.ive no problem playing online if ppl join it.anyways, i enjoyed storymode as well as modernwarfare RM so simply thumbs up from my side."
,Not Recommended,292730,31217415,Posted: 18 April,all,CrC,Probably the worst decision of my life
,Not Recommended,292730,30589305,Posted: 18 March,all,Jackbelfast,We dont want more space sims :?
,Not Recommended,292730,29733137,Posted: 5 February,all,Grizzie,take black ops 3 and subtract everything fun about it. you have infinite warefare!!
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,292730,26592288,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Absynce,"I would like to say this game is good, it has a lot of high points, but its the same♥♥♥♥♥♥in space. most of all, it fails with poor respawn placement during the campaign on max difficulty, leaving you to respawn in front of a firing squad of 15 troops over and over again until you randomly get out, even if thats not how you died. the weapon customization system tries to create a bunch of hybrid weapons that look innovative but in reality are just a swap between a SMG and a rifle, its nothing new. The story is great, I love the acting and the chapters, but the gameplay is 2004, its up to you to buy this or not. BF1 was great for 6 hours, the campaign was severly lacking, this campaign has a lot more put into it, and it is enjoyable to play, but I have to give it a thumbs down for expecations from the studio, its a cheap ploy and im more so looking forward to playing the MW remastered campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,26584560,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[BS]DynastyG,"Runs Terribly on my i7 32gb sli 970 system.  Had random frame spikes/drops from launch night until recently when a patch came out.  after that patch, game runs at 17fps MAX.  changed all my graphics settings to low.  shut off SLI.  no difference.Not to mention the fact that the best weapons are going to be behind a randomized paywall (read: GAMBLING).  I feel duped for even buying the game.  Never again."
,Not Recommended,292730,30207846,Posted: 26 February,all,Sir Fluffybottoms III,The worst CoD game ive played by far the story was♥♥♥♥♥♥the zombies were♥♥♥♥♥♥the multiplayer was laggy as hell the supply drops were cash grabs and the ♥♥♥♥ing Remastered MW was♥♥♥♥♥because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥connection problems dont waste your money like i ♥♥♥♥ing did
,Not Recommended,292730,30129644,Posted: 23 February,all,Sgt Brett,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26479985,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,George,"It's an enjoyable game, but if you're looking for innovation... sorry.Call of Duty is going to die soon if this keeps up."
,Not Recommended,292730,30211085,Posted: 26 February,all,Travis,This game is a dumpster fire.
76561198296013423,Not Recommended,292730,30381472,Posted: 7 March,all,RipeRazzberrys,"Nothing works, pay to win."
,Not Recommended,292730,35229786,Posted: 26 September,all,FoofDeckman,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥where do i start with this, Oh i forgot i killed myself midway through the dlc season."
,Not Recommended,292730,29855848,Posted: 11 February,all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],this game sucks buy cod4 for a better experence
,Not Recommended,292730,29262172,Posted: 14 January,all,Unlucky,"They RUINED call of duty, should have stopped after Bo2.I can't believe I paid 129.99 for this terrible product..I have requested a refund. I pray they let me have my money back or it will be the biggest waste of 129.99 ive ever spent.Took 50 minutes to find a Zombies Match as well... nty"
,Not Recommended,292730,28134080,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,✪Rehlein™,"♥♥♥♥ing random frame drops and a hacker's galore, there isn't any type of anti-hack. Can't play more than a game without a hacker coming in and ruining the fun, also serious unbalances in alot of the guns"
76561198268896583,Not Recommended,292730,30162017,Posted: 25 February,all,SaLty???,Multiplayer Is Dead
,Not Recommended,292730,26422424,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Probably a Weeaboo (Lolita),Pay2win in a game that may as well be charging $100 for the full game? Yeah. No thanks. Not even the remaster of CoD 4 make's it worth it. Good thing Steam refunds exist.
76561197987332536,Not Recommended,292730,31309695,Posted: 22 April,all,Prophet,Absolutely the worst waste of money.  I feel cheated in buying this game
76561198063978480,Not Recommended,292730,32462499,Posted: 15 June,all,Twitch.tv/FoxtrotOmen,"Simply put, I regret buying it."
76561198110356986,Not Recommended,292730,30186947,Posted: 25 February,all,Pepe Silvia,Infinity Ward. Stop. This game is bad. Stop. You are bad. Stop. Stop.
76561198066758138,Not Recommended,292730,30222865,Posted: 27 February,all,ADZY,"Horrible game, do noy buy this"
,Not Recommended,292730,26411402,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Panda,"TERRIBLE SLI SUPPORT. Go figure.Infinite Warfare: Multiplayer* Lobby system is terrible.* Constant 'Disconnected from Host' errors when trying to join a lobby.* The movement feels clunky and weird. Sliding and jumping is not smooth.* Mouse tracking is really bad. Like really bad. Like random mouse acceleration (i made sure the setting was off in the menu).Infinite Warfare: Single PlayerOH MY GOD ITS SOO SMOOTH. The gameplay is phenominal. The story is pretty typical COD style so if you like it you'll like this. It's very well optimized though - which I was suprised about.Modern Warfare: Remastered:Garbage. It can look pretty but I get massive frame drops and it feels very laggy. It's almost like the servers can't keep up. With the settings turned all to extra, I got massive screen tearing and stuttering with 2 GTX 780's in SLI - cards more than capable of running ultra on cod4 remastered. Anyways, both GPU's were only being utilized @ about 20-30 percent reguardless of my in game settings (low or ultra) - telling me the game is not optimized.Once again, this COD release seems premature, overhyped, and underdelivered."
76561198050271397,Not Recommended,292730,26428065,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Daftkicks,I been waiting for this game to install for 3 and a half days i finally got my hands on it and just damn is all i gotta say i try zombies mp and story mode NONE OF THEM WORK i know it's day one of it being released but damn man don't let a game out like that if it's not fully ready i see half of people who have gotten this game and saying they have crashed i crashed 3 times within 10mins that's just bad. Infinite ward better get there sh!t together before this fails fully i truly wanna love this game but i can't if it's like this so come on guys please fix this make this game good and smooth once it's fix I'll change my dislike
76561198193876928,Not Recommended,292730,30416359,Posted: 9 March,all,lutz89,"it was nice knowing you activision, Rot.In.Feces"
,Recommended,292730,33349861,Posted: 7 July,all,SuccuLyxX,"Excellent campaign that explores sci-fi warfare in a kinda interesting way. Loved the art style and the graphics in particular, the game just looks drop dead gorgeous at times. Also loved the commendable acting, especially from Claudia Christian of Babylon 5 fame.Multiplayer is a bit mediocre. It gives what you'd expect but doesn't really do anything whole lot different from Black Ops 3... And there's a serious lack of players at times, making it hell to find anyone playing anything but TDM.The zombies mode is fun for a while and has a great 80's soundtrack. Definitely worth a shot if you enjoy CoD zombies!"
76561198134342370,Not Recommended,292730,26468655,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,KC,"OK lets start off with my specs : MSI GTX 1080 gaming X @ 2101 MHZ, 6700K@4.8GHZ 16GGB ram. the game runs real good. The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean stinky dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only good this about this game is the campaign. it feels like ur paying 80$ just for the campaign. If they focused more on campaign, made it a lot longer and a lot more idk 'uncharted or last of us like' you know i mean, then id pay even a 100 bucks for this , like the campaign was real good but it just wasent worth 80$ u spend on it. if ur a sucker for good story the this is umm a buy id say, if ur just gonna play the campaign and muliplayer casually then just wait for sale. if ur a sucker for multiplayer then this thing is cancer stay away"
76561197990272171,Not Recommended,292730,26535642,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zero5_Kev,"pros.comes with remastered. if you pay more.cons.remastered long map loading times and disconnects. since there 4 day old update. (released 7 days ago.)no ANTI CHEAT vac. both games. hackers run wild.  (seen 1 obvious hacker in IW. auto killing)reskin of black ops 3.wallrunning is mega messed upsent a tweet asking when we are going to get vac anti cheat. and all i got was .....   use in game reports.NO THEATER MODE.headshot hit reg is b.s.P2W..season pass holders get rare suply drops. and things to craft better weps , attachments with out using up a slot.laggy servers. so much lag comp its unreal.sitting in a lobby waiting on players for over 5 mins..no player count in the game modes. you cant see what game modes have players.kill cams dont play sound.. (you hear reload or enemy run / boost. in kill cam there is nothing.)lack of game modes compared to consoles.lack of players. 1 week old game and at most there was 14,000 players on PC. playing IW. and 4,000 on remastered.now its not even 7k on IW. and 3k on remastered.THIS GAME HAS THE WORST EVER TEAM BALANCE I HAVE EVER SEEN ......  so many times its been  6 v 2... 7 v 1... 5 v 2..  ITS A JOKE.no support from the devs on PC.my list can go on....i know they dont care for the PC. anymore. and its so obvious now.NO i do not recommend this game.look at this team balance.....   oh yeah and the top player in enemy team has AIMBOT.  snapping from player to player headshots only.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=799901073more info on this pic.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................EDITED.....ok so i now have...  173 hours on INFINITE WARFARE.still riddled with hackers. more and more every day.so many people are using glitches under map. on roof. and most of it if not all glitches are made by using FLT. boost jump... should be removed from the game..no anti cheat in place.sent multi tweets to avtivision . and members of team.   all i get back is report in game...then im told by activision assist. he is a tech support and dont deal with  reports.  he also said if i want to know about VAC. i have to get in contact with steam...  (and you cant)want to see the confo for your self i took a steam pic......http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/108479918421716022/2D5BE2D44DA7A7301780DFB1FE799DCE57E81E42/AS YOU CAN SEE ACTIVISION IS A JOKE... all online multiplayer game should come with a anti cheat enabled.... or some kind of anti cheat in place.no theater mode. no patches. no support. nothing."
,Recommended,292730,28308856,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ACTIC,It's not that bad honestly.It was just unfortunate timing to release this game at the time where the hate on futuristic CoD games peaked.
,Not Recommended,292730,27512353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cloud,yh its ok
76561198215373827,Not Recommended,292730,27590628,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kim namjoon,just dont get it
,Not Recommended,292730,27615746,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Major_Tinz,"No SLI support. Absolutely, completely and utterly gutted. I have thousands of pounds worth of advanced PC gear itching to party, and this game failed to turn up. It looks great, I just can't play it at 4K."
,Not Recommended,292730,28235955,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ph3rN3x_h1z1.plus SKINS-BETS.COM,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!! Once again Call of Duty has another ♥♥♥♥ed up game added to their franchise. Whats the problem this time you may ask??? Well it's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥from Black Ops 3. Hit Registration doesnt work properly, guns shoot marshmellows, no games, tons of hackers and just in general ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,292730,26592979,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hazard,"Activision still capping multiplayer at 90fps after all these years.It's 2016 guys, get with the program."
,Not Recommended,292730,28235681,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dark Knight,the game it self its rubbish the remaster cooler than it...
,Recommended,292730,34905422,Posted: 12 September,all,HHulk,The zombies one of the best zobies ever and the campain is amazing but the multiplayer sucks. The zombies is really good and well designed and so is the campain. Multiplayer is to boosty but if you like that then you will probaly like this. If you play this game for the zombies then this is the game for you
,Not Recommended,292730,31725851,Posted: 13 May,all,Rhino,aids
,Not Recommended,292730,28571351,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Milky Tittys,"No mans sky v2, fun at first, than you realize it's awful"
,Not Recommended,292730,26615794,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,VASELINUS,Campaign 2\10Multiplayer 5\10Optimization 6\10Textures 2013NO STEAM TRADING CARDS IN 2016!
,Not Recommended,292730,27526854,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Colonel Rabbynun,"good  on console, horrible on pc because of optimization and servers, and also mouse movement is not modern, cod4 remastered on the other hand suffers the same issue, both are fun to play if you can get past those 2 though!"
,Recommended,292730,31856484,Posted: 20 May,all,TheLegend27,"Honestly don't know why theres so much hate, but I've been enjoying all game modes of Infinite Warfare. Worth my money though."
76561198012544370,Not Recommended,292730,35098471,Posted: 20 September,all,Ainz Ooal Gown,"This game is trash plain and simple, you can't even play it, every time i try to play zombies or multi it forces a restart loop"
76561198123468242,Not Recommended,292730,35223304,Posted: 26 September,all,The Black Zordon,"this game is so terribly buged that i feel like going back to ps4 , call of duty infine warfare? need to call it call of duty infinte boot it tells me i have to restart after update i tried all fixes and still im stuck in infinite loop mode only thing i can play is the story multiplayer and zombies are both unplayable. the 2 most valued game modes i cant play. after i did my research i found out this problem been around since the game been out and here i am a couple of months before wwii drops and nothing has changed game just got worser and less fun now all this game does is loop, i should have listened to the infinite amount of bad reviews"
,Recommended,292730,30363016,Posted: 6 March,all,bepsi,"Good campaign, and the multiplayer is good in my opinion."
76561198327484845,Not Recommended,292730,32453783,Posted: 15 June,all,THE ONE MEME,idont like this game because every time i install and uninstall it crashes while preloading shaders dont waste your money on this get something from the lack ops line instead
76561198304225388,Recommended,292730,28886734,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,109,"This was the best call of duty i have ever played! Gameplay was good, story was AWESOME! best game i have played in some time."
,Not Recommended,292730,30131999,Posted: 23 February,all,penguin,"it is just simply cancerous, people who play it and the game itself. :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,31884759,Posted: 21 May,all,ninjakittyz,game sucks
76561198031256306,Not Recommended,292730,26455754,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,𝐻𝑈𝙇𝒦𝙈𝒜𝒩™,Dis kak . moenie koop
,Not Recommended,292730,26438793,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vengeful,DO NOT BUY. First off if you having fps problems vhange your resolution to match your monitor as its set higher and some other graphics that you may not fix like the clunkiness.. 2nd. It takes a long while to preload shaders on both IW and MWR. Secondly you wil be kicked/host left/Cannot connect to servers/cannot connect to host. This will run your game well over 2hours limit for a refund and ste will not give it to you even if you explain the problems. As I have 4.8 hours but only 45m into playing and steam will not give a refund even if its a tech error. Save your money. As Im waiting for a refund and will everyday ask for one or until further action will be applied.
76561198276304568,Not Recommended,292730,27690337,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr.Who,♥♥♥♥♥ this game its piece of *****
,Not Recommended,292730,28183731,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Feels Bad Pat,No Multiplayer CommunityBuggyNot OptimizedBoring CustomizationPay 2 Win
,Not Recommended,292730,28456006,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Epic,HORRIBLE GAME. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!! PLEASEEEEE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,292730,26458820,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Seahawks 24/7,"If you have a non-gaming PC, such as I, just get out. You won't get more than 30 frames, no matter what you do. Wether you optimize your disk, or not. Do the coding, etc. JUST DON'T GET IT. THE GAMEPLAY IS CRAP, TOO."
76561198384180561,Recommended,292730,32644235,Posted: 22 June,all,OverClocked97,"Decent game, don't understand all the hate!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30779977,Posted: 27 March,all,TAMIRmp4 (2),"really *BAD* ""game""! please do not buy it i beg you!"
76561198261050079,Recommended,292730,28178465,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,udoPolar,Let me put it this way.  If you liked black ops advanced warfare then you will love this.  This feels odd compared to bo3 but I really did enjoy this game.  Only gripe is that well... it's to easy.  I can't recall a game where i had a KD under 1.5.  Maybe it's my 2k hours in csgo that made me a robot?  I really don't know.  I wish this was the case in siege and battlefield 1
76561198154283302,Not Recommended,292730,30219597,Posted: 27 February,all,vulcano2078,"cant play with gtx1050, downloaded to try but nothing, useless."
,Not Recommended,292730,27519863,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/fr3shaf,Sucks so much
76561198049717684,Not Recommended,292730,30223842,Posted: 27 February,all,tomktom3,horrible
,Not Recommended,292730,26420782,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[RIP BARV] Jukaton,"Well I bought this game early with the plans to play with a few of my friends on the remastered CoD 4 (MW)  but then we came across a problem that apparently was very common and caused us not to connect to matches simply because our PCs weren't monster PCs that streamers use. We could not load the maps and it would say there is a timeout from connecting to the server, he never got to play except on certain maps and the same with me but I could play on more maps, Infinite Warfare is a joke as well, the run of the mill ""new"" CoD game that has guns that look very similar to guns we've already had, and unbalanced game mechanics. This game is going to die out just like Advanced Warfare did because of the problem with Modern Warfare, you couldn't load maps if you were on PC. And to boot the bug itself won't be fixed because it has to do with the engine that both games use, they're the same one."
,Not Recommended,292730,35247983,Posted: 27 September,all,Alexandremix,"Not worth buying, The game has its FPS locked to 91 and it feels to unresponsive. There is no players.It's very hard to find a match and impossible to find any match other than Team Death Match"
,Not Recommended,292730,35318528,Posted: 29 September,all,EucadianSergeant,"Get it for PS4 or Xbox One. Call of Duty on PC is built horribly. The game itself seems better than the other futuristic CODs but it as a game it still doesn't feel like a COD, it feels the game doesn't even know what it wants to be."
,Recommended,292730,28310635,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,✪Hollow2k,"Story was awesome, 8.5/10Multiplayer, not so much. 4/10"
76561198112379405,Not Recommended,292730,33471935,Posted: 11 July,all,Xeno,Worst 4 hours of my life. First thing on I see ppl flying around like OH BOY LET ME EXO SLIDE IN YOUR EXO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WHILE A GET EXO FISTED
,Not Recommended,292730,26417218,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,KierronIsOn,bought this because I'm a fan of CoD and didnt realise I was paying for halo. the movement is clunky the guns feel heavy and all the new advanced exo suits and stuff completely ruin the game not worth the money go buy battlefield 1 its soooo much better
,Recommended,292730,30211316,Posted: 26 February,all,likeaboz2002,"Honestly, this is not a bad game, as far as Call of Duties go. The gameplay is good, the weapon balance is great, the scorestreaks are good, and the supply drops aren't op. The setting is basically that of a halo game. The playerbase truly sucks for a brand new triple a title, though.IMO the only reason the reviews for this game are overwhelmingly negative is due to bandwagon haters of the setting, who blindly trash talk the game due to its setting and supply drops. The game is actually decent, and way better than black ops 3. The supply drops were well done, as the variants aren't actually op, and you can unlock whichever ones you want by saving up scrapI do recommend this game"
,Recommended,292730,30204730,Posted: 26 February,all,The Senate,"What sucks is that so many people down vote the game, even though they have never played it. The game isn't nearly as bad as people think. I played the 2 day free event and ended up buying the game because it is actually decent. If you haven't played the game, don't vote on anything until you have actually tried it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26425246,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Suriize1g,Bought the game to get MWR and to write a bad review for this game.. so here it is..
76561198222406736,Recommended,292730,35202841,Posted: 25 September,all,Lex,it was fun while it lasted.
,Recommended,292730,30533139,Posted: 15 March,all,Toshik,"I was very sceptical of this game before it came out.I can't say it is a great game. But it is definitely not terrible. If you want a good FPS with interesting story, you can wait for sale and get this game. The story was my favorite part about this game. Much better than BO3 in my opinion."
76561198043048919,Recommended,292730,30318368,Posted: 4 March,all,hitbm47,"I have purchased this game over a 50% discount weekend and so far I am very glad I did!! I have only played custom games versus bots so far and couldn't find an online match, but from what I can tell so far,-The graphics is very good!-The game is definitely better optimized than Black Ops 3 on my computer.-The physics and impacts and gun reloads looks very nice.-The graphics looks good and quite similair on normal to high settings.-The sound of the weapons sounds cool!-The map design looks great.I have only tested the custom games so far, but it definitely feels like one of the best Call of Duty's I have played so far gameplay- and movement- wise. Furthermore, I still have to play the other parts of the game sothat I can find out why it is getting such bad reviews, because from what I can tell it looks like a great game to be played with friends.In addition, I also liked the WW2 themes, but this future theme adds other mechanics and fun to the game and maybe more features which makes multiplayer fun.//further editEven though the theme is not traditional Call of Duty, I can see that developers, Infinity Ward and Raven, have actually put A LOT of effort into making this game great for what the theme is; including the artists and sound technitions. The only downside is that very few people are playing multiplayer.Some more pros,-The campaing and zombies have really nice features, quite a few famous models of actors, of which I have seen so far; including,*Conor McGregor (an MMA champion),*Head actor of the old Baywatch series as a DJ in zombies,*Actor from (Game of Thrones) as main enemy in campaign,*Actor playing the role as head of D.E.O (green marsion) in supergirl,*Louise Hamilton (Gran Prix World Champion) working at a computer just before armory on spaceship in the campaign. Furthermore,-The graphics animations of the weapon shooting and reloading is great, 2 animations for reloading when the magazine is empty or non-empty.-The characters faces looks very real, and the design of everthing looks very good!-When you revive in zombies you can play arcade games in the reviving room, before deciding to go fight more zombies again.-The 3D environment looks great with good texture detail and shadow and lighting effects.This game has the potential to be great if more people play multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,292730,30203972,Posted: 26 February,all,SuckSoBadMightAswellbethrowing,"This game is trash on every level. The maps are nothing but door after door. No wonder why everyone just runs around with a shotgun. This game is alreasy dead as i recorded a video of me in matchmaking for 20 minutes for a TEAM DEATHMATCH!Not to mention how the game still is laggy as ever in multiplayer and it took me an hour to get the game to work because it would only run at 20 FPS. The game also crashed when i tried to record gameplay. If someone says it because ""you're pc is just bad"" then they're full of♥♥♥♥♥♥and have no idea what they are talking about. Please do not waste money on this game. They thought making the game free for a week would make people buy it, but instead it just lowered the Overall rating from ""Mixed"" to "" Mostly Negative"". Great job Activision/Infinity Ward!"
,Recommended,292730,29025018,Posted: 4 January,all,kennyfrommodesto,Very cool Sci-Fi campaign for the single player.Graphics are fantastic.Menu system is fast and easy to navigate.Sound effects and voice talent are excellent as well.Single Player = Buy.
,Not Recommended,292730,29012563,Posted: 4 January,all,wem,"never loads for me, ive re-installed it many times and it says ""match started. loading level..."" then never loads, wouldnt rate this cod at all."
76561198157881249,Recommended,292730,28792647,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Grey_Omega_hellcase.com,This game is actually not bad. People are just angry from all the future things to even try it. So what they have supply drops. It doesn't mean you have to buy them. Just play the game normally and have fun. People rant about supply drops. Well stop buying them and the developors will see that they are good because they aren't making any money from them. I mean really stop being a baby and deal with the game. Updates will come and make it better. You eaither like or don't but give it a try.
,Not Recommended,292730,31120767,Posted: 13 April,all,Blungus,this game is terrible i wish i didnt buy it
76561198269166602,Recommended,292730,28666381,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Supernova,"I have only played around 20 minutes of infinite warfare as i only brought it today, however i have played a few hours of MW Remastered and there seems to be 2 issues.- At the start of any game there is always a mass amount of lag- you will have a streak of 4 good games and then some ♥♥♥♥ing hacker will join and merk you.... what im trying to say is these game developers need an anti-cheat system.The campaign however is perfectly fine. The reason this is a positive review is because the game is worth buying just for MW Remastered, but if you happen to find a hacker in your game then its best to just leave. People are starting to get banned for them anyway as they are getting reported by the CoD communityInfinite warfare also runs pretty smoothly, just again..watch for the cheaters, they mainly plat TDM so play Domination to avoid them"
76561198048962994,Not Recommended,292730,33105305,Posted: 1 July,all,CFeanaro,I spend more time trying to get the game to start/load then playing the game.  Would not recommend.  Simply a waste of50 bucks.
,Recommended,292730,28565292,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sabrina Carpenter,i like the game allot! but there are things that needed to by fixed or chanced. but for the most part : Cool
,Not Recommended,292730,30174026,Posted: 25 February,all,Chrysler.exe,"It is a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This so called ""game"" keeps crashing when looking for a game, I did everything to try and fix this  luckly I didn't buy it. If anyone reads it please don't buy it just don't"
76561198200043495,Not Recommended,292730,28710053,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,redrum73(RR),"RubbishI got this game for Christmas  installed it tried to play it but I just got a  stuttering video then a loading screen waited for it to load but it said it had stopped working so I put on lowest settings and it happened again tried a clean reboot and still no joyMy PC has gtx750ti, 8g of ram and a i5-4570cpu on windows 10 home"
,Not Recommended,292730,29541069,Posted: 28 January,all,StyledCross60,"I Payed for this product and it dosnt work I have tried various ways to fix it and it is still is broken i have spent time trying to fix this but they are saying that i cant have a refund because 2 hours on the game but I didt get to play that time was just trying to fix it THIS IS A SCAM Why would they sell a broken product is beyond me! This has put me off this series alltogether THEY ARE SELLING  A BROKEN GAME , They should not be able to take my money for nothing I expeced a good time when i payed for this product and now they do this!?!? DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,29815758,Posted: 9 February,all,Colten,"This game is a copy and paste of BO3 but somehow they made a copy and paste game even ♥♥♥♥♥ier.  Don't get this unless you want MWR which, other than stuttering at the start of games, is very well done"
,Not Recommended,292730,28634088,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PianoMan5,"Mindless shooting, 1 path, senseless game."
,Recommended,292730,28836146,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VeXiS,THIS IS MY BEST GAME :)
,Recommended,292730,29253029,Posted: 14 January,all,Weezy,Awesome campaign
,Not Recommended,292730,30209069,Posted: 26 February,all,AfungusAmongUs,"For 10 bucks i would by this game, its not terrible and its not good.You get the best of both worlds."
76561198068953592,Not Recommended,292730,30211500,Posted: 26 February,all,GOGO,No.....just......no
,Not Recommended,292730,30210649,Posted: 26 February,all,BanditFly,"Multiplayer was ""meh"".  Game might be worth the sale price for the campaign though."
,Not Recommended,292730,30211923,Posted: 26 February,all,Doggo,"They said it'll be free this weekend so buyers can play  a little and like the game, but they also blocked the game from being play ""You're not an owner of this content"". Honestly this entire franchise died once BO2 eventually died out. 0/10 would not smash again"
76561198188670882,Not Recommended,292730,30212059,Posted: 26 February,all,Daweirdkid,"This game is probably ""THE"" Worst game out on the market, I downloaded the 2 day trial, tried to play it, and it was so trash, after the first game, I deleted it.... Don't ever buy this game, PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!"
76561198138131479,Not Recommended,292730,30156782,Posted: 24 February,all,Gr33nman11,"Connection was ♥♥♥♥♥♥, since there is only a few thousand on at peak hours. You will never play anything but team deathmatch. The jetpacks are aids (especially with the connection). If you want a good weapon you have to pay for it (even though you would already be paying $60 for the game). The game is very free to play like in its buisness model which is unfortunate. They still use VAC so any cheat since like COD 2 could get past this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everytime you press a button on the menus with the mouse or get into a gunfight it seems like the FPS will drop. Same old problems on PC like all of the other COD, the mouse problem, the lack of players, the hackers etc. So all in all I guess I can give it a 6/10 because at least it works, the graphics are ok. Would I ever pay for it.... no. Would I play it for free, eh occasionally. But definitely far from triple A quality. Give next year a try."
,Not Recommended,292730,31928251,Posted: 23 May,all,Dr. Doop,Multiplayer is garbage .. worst i have played in a COD series yet.. the real money cash shop is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. multiplayer is the same thing only shinier and dumber. Get killed by some ungodly weapon in ways you cant understand.. The game caters to people that spend money over those that do not.Dont waste your time with this if your looking for a multiplayer game .. just dont.
,Not Recommended,292730,28918146,Posted: 1 January,all,GitRekt,Worst piece of trash Ive ever spent money on.
,Not Recommended,292730,28918341,Posted: 1 January,all,Tyler Mawdsley,Worst call of duty ever made the franchise i getting worse and worse only keeping it cause of remastered.
,Not Recommended,292730,30128095,Posted: 23 February,all,Wulter,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cant start the game cuz they dont know how to fix servers. Dont waste time and money for this♥♥♥♥♥♥go play BF1 thats the game that worth.
,Recommended,292730,28843118,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne,"Bought it only for the campaign and wasn't disappointed: strong story, stunning visuals, just great fun. Only drawback was the unusually long loading screens between scenes even on a RAM-heavy SSD-only system. If you looking for a great SciFi-story with space battles and ego-shooting against robot armies, buy it!!!PS: For me as a single-mode player it's definitely the best COD ever :-)"
,Recommended,292730,28988041,Posted: 3 January,all,scream,NICE
,Not Recommended,292730,29909146,Posted: 13 February,all,Jason,"For MW1 remastered. ok we all know how good the original game is. so I'm not reviewing the game itself. I am reviewing  the optimisation and graphics.   The game at first will be very laggy when you first get into the game, (no it's not my system).  frame rate drops are way to often with this. The whole new lighting looks washed out/blury like i had the brightness on full. i personally do not like that. seems like a downgrade if you asked me if you wanna play this game just get the original stills looks good till this day. don't waste your money on legacy edition its just  not worth your hard earned  money.Just get the standard if you want infinite warfare."
,Not Recommended,292730,30185344,Posted: 25 February,all,xIIPRIIME,♥♥♥♥ING trashcan Garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worst ♥♥♥♥in COD ever made you dumb ♥♥♥♥ing money hungry ballbags
,Not Recommended,292730,30163239,Posted: 25 February,all,dylan_kona,"PLEASE, DO NOT SUPPORT THIS RUBBISH BY PURCHASING IT.Really, COD is dead. I grew up on this franchise, and it lost its touch 2 or 3 titles ago.So dissappointed......I was kidding myself thinking this game was an improvement."
76561198037173374,Not Recommended,292730,29039982,Posted: 5 January,all,NearvasH,"Rating 0/10Not worth to buy this game!I’ve past all minimum requirements.Sad part is that I can’t get past the first loading screen even knowing that I can play Rise of the Tomb Rader almost on max graphichs.So I’ll say this once, Activition you must fix your game asap!!!"
,Recommended,292730,28898298,Posted: 1 January,all,EquilibriuM,"I played the single-player campaign and have to say its awesome :DIf you like Sci-Fi, FPS-Games and  spaceship-battles than thats a must have."
76561198339570765,Recommended,292730,28949408,Posted: 2 January,all,The Ocarina of Time,This game is asesine. Multiplayer is really cool with salvage and supply drops. Zombies adds so much new stuff. 5/5
76561198036868523,Not Recommended,292730,30156601,Posted: 24 February,all,WitchesFry YesMenDie,"Haven't played a single match. Spent all my time losing connection on match startup or can't find a match on free weekend, are you kidding me?"
,Not Recommended,292730,30219400,Posted: 27 February,all,HumanLunchMeat,Was not even worth free. Its a shame i use to like this series but dont waste your money the user base will be dead in 2 months time.
76561198053263306,Not Recommended,292730,32117187,Posted: 1 June,all,Source Of Salt,Biggest PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥Steam has ever tricked me into buying. No search and destroy at all. Servers are basically dead. Steam needs to stop selling call of duty games because people like me get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and end up buying a console to play games on instead. =)
,Not Recommended,292730,26412270,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,G8Commodore,"I was excited to try Call of Duty after the mess they've made of it, last one I bought was the original Black Ops. They are still clearly far from a desired experience, at least on PC. Control are slow and bulky. Feels like you're in an out of shape 50 year olds body when playing. Was hoping for a fun game to play but was disappointed, especially since I got the Digital Deluxe for $100. Already requested a refund after a few hours of play time. It'll just boil your blood if you try to play."
,Not Recommended,292730,29567976,Posted: 29 January,all,Grizzly Man,"Well...I waited a year to get this game...and refunded it after about 1.5hrs of actual gameplay.I have BF1 as well so I don't exactly know what I was expecting here....it is like a discount Halo 2 with the writers that never made it to Star Trek due to their complete lack of originality.I am ashamed I took up any space on my drive with screenshots, let alone this turd of a game.0/infinite"
,Not Recommended,292730,30187465,Posted: 25 February,all,SilverPaw,"I tried it out for the free weekend event. I enjoyed it for a bit, But than I lost all intrested. You'll have to have a really good PC to run it, So if you dont have a very good computer don't buy it. For the free weekend you couldn't play the zombies mode, Only Multiplayer and the Campaign. I didn't play the campaign so I don't know what it's like. The game is very nice looking and runs smooth (If you have a good PC) so it's not like this game is all that bad. Graphics in the game are beautiful (Once again if you have a really good PC) but gameplay isn't all that good. I just recommend buying Call of Duty: Black Ops lll insted of this, Only if you're looking for a exo-suit CoD game to buy. If you're looking for a boots on the ground CoD DON'T buy this game. Buy one of the Modern Warfare games, They're worth your money. Saying all of this I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,26422392,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,iN_MoTioN,"MWR must be the most optimized port for PC. It's not ""just my pc"". 16gb ram, i7 4790k, gtx 970. Check reddit and the discussion tab under steam and you'll see enough people complaining. Im refunding this game since I can't even play the game with stable FPS."
76561198046896224,Not Recommended,292730,26428040,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,kenshnx20,"poor game will not load anything, save your cash, read a book than play this game"
76561198331604052,Not Recommended,292730,30189237,Posted: 26 February,all,GamingProdigy,"The game really isnt that bad to me to be honest, similiar to advanced warfare. My only issue is how hard it is to join a match, its takes for ever to find all the players and its like a 50% chance i will get disconnected from host. my internet is fine all my other games play normally. For Multiplayer, atleast let 4 or more players go into a game instead of waiting for it to be exactly the maxium amount of players like 8 for an example. For zombies, i actually like the zombies its pretty easy to catch on and its simple not as complexed as some of the older ones. My only is with zombies is once again i have to wait atleast 15 min in a lobby to locate all 4 players to start. All in all the game is ok if i can actually play games ill be happy just gotta fix the connectivity issue and allow a lower amount of players to start matches as in previous call of dutys."
76561197971948699,Not Recommended,292730,26422222,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AdmiralJack,"IW just doesn't work. Constant freeze/crash. Same for Zombies. Sat through an incredibly long cartoon cutscreen that i couldn't escape from only to freeze up and crash.For the record, i have an i7-4770k processor and a 680 4gig video card. I play Bo3 with this on ultra with no issues.Remastered actually worked fine. Not sure why the two areas of the game are so incredibly different.Oh, and i couldn't even start a private match in IW, as it would sit forever trying to launch the match.Refunded. First call of duty product to get returned by me.Sad, really, as i enjoy their products.I guess you can tell that this game didn't have a beta for pc players.Maybe in the months ahead they will fix some issues. Until then, save your money and your sanity."
,Not Recommended,292730,30150055,Posted: 24 February,all,[FN] Mr Zombie,This is one of the worst games i ever played i got the demo thinking it would be good but i soon changed my mind
76561198240380854,Not Recommended,292730,29306065,Posted: 16 January,all,ohajha,horible
,Not Recommended,292730,30219879,Posted: 27 February,all,len,meh.
76561198370065482,Recommended,292730,33413301,Posted: 9 July,all,Coldzera,why i cant play multiplayer?
,Not Recommended,292730,32670772,Posted: 23 June,all,BEBOP,cant even start a game. it freezes. uninstall.
,Not Recommended,292730,30158512,Posted: 24 February,all,Shamlock,♥♥♥♥ youThis game was a waste of my time. It is abysmally optimized; can't find any games.Don't download this rushed garbage.0/10♥♥♥♥♥♥off Activision
,Recommended,292730,30166054,Posted: 25 February,all,Bumhole Toucher,Beleive it or not..this game is not♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
76561198007394386,Recommended,292730,33117993,Posted: 1 July,all,Upgrade to Max,I hate every hater of this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,33863129,Posted: 28 July,all,BreeDaddy,This game runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashes all the time.
,Not Recommended,292730,30128846,Posted: 23 February,all,sourax,the game can´t even preload shaders
,Not Recommended,292730,33864509,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr RSpeedy,"Terrible PC port. The console version is the best version. That's coming from someone who got the digital delux day one pre-order on PC, and  2 months later again digital legacy edition on PS4. PC is missing game modes, and even if it had those game modes they would be dead because people only play TDM. Campaign though is supposedly great though. The zombies mode is knock off Treyarch, You might have fun with it or not.Overall a 4/10"
76561198330030850,Not Recommended,292730,30836511,Posted: 30 March,all,XxX_TheLastKFC_XxX,Press F to pay respectCall of Duty is DEADR.I.P.
,Not Recommended,292730,30176618,Posted: 25 February,all,F.,so bad
,Not Recommended,292730,33894369,Posted: 29 July,all,Gopnik,Campaign is good.Zombies is meh.Multiplayer is trash.
,Not Recommended,292730,30177396,Posted: 25 February,all,CubeSuperiority 11,Can't even connect to a multiplayer match
,Not Recommended,292730,30177586,Posted: 25 February,all,HitMarkSnipSnap,"Sweet, Another free gift weekend hosted by infinity war! Thats great untill after downloading 50 Gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Starting it up we noticed Everything is locked but mutiplayer because we dont ""own"" this product. I wonder why it saids free when things are locked. Overwatch did not have this which got me intrested about buying it. Its kinda BS. Another problem is the game freezes after 30 sec!!! And i have a good pc!!!!. This makes me wonder why i downloaded 50 GB when everything is locked. This game and this ""free weekend"" is utter and complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,33711978,Posted: 21 July,all,nicholas1017g,Lags too much
,Not Recommended,292730,30177549,Posted: 25 February,all,SmugGoat,"During the free weekend the only part of the game that is available to play if you have not purchased that game is the multiplayer. Newsflash, COD multiplayer sucks, the only slightly respectable part of this game is the campaign, and ""You are not the owner of this content."""
76561198015741991,Not Recommended,292730,29950169,Posted: 15 February,all,dec[O]y,"They try their hardest to rob the most amount of keys from you possible. Period. Oh, your name is longer than X amount of characters? No keys for you. Oh, you put in over an hour in zombies, the host leaves, and we can't establish a connection to a new host (or the game crashes)? No keys for you. Oh, you're playing multiplayer, the host leaves, and we can't establish a connection to a new host (or the game crashes)? No keys for you. There is no compensation or even a mention. Lost over 300+ keys cause of this nonsense. Until they fix this, there is no way I can upvote when you don't get rewarded for your time and effort."
76561198362029622,Not Recommended,292730,30213641,Posted: 26 February,all,ZzFynn,The game mechanics are silly. Weapon variants is the worst thing to happen to Call of Duty.
76561198159197369,Not Recommended,292730,30213987,Posted: 26 February,all,gari6976,This game is piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198335706657,Not Recommended,292730,30067392,Posted: 20 February,all,Goldgunner1,"Offline often, especially on double xp weekends... and no cheat gaurds. Too much aimbot,walll hack,and most of all lag comps. Not happy, cause reporting hackers and laggers booosters etc seems to do nothing. Wasting time..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30130358,Posted: 23 February,all,Kilianthebeast,1 game and uninstall... boring
,Not Recommended,292730,30130365,Posted: 23 February,all,Pandaww,woah i thought cod ghosts was bad ..this is even worse
76561197968817099,Recommended,292730,30230676,Posted: 27 February,all,rich417,"I only play for the single player and I thoroughly enjoyed this.  Great story, like a really good action movie, and I like the futuristic setting.  Good to see some space air combat as well, I've missed it (though no joystick support -_- ).  Lots of weapons but they could have been better differentiatied I think.  I wouldn't pay full price for this but I bought it on sale and am well satisfied."
,Not Recommended,292730,30154147,Posted: 24 February,all,EggsDee,Lag spikes way too often.
76561198123414819,Not Recommended,292730,30154153,Posted: 24 February,all,Pre Malone,I WUDNT IF IT WAS FREE
,Recommended,292730,30806037,Posted: 28 March,all,CROSSEYED,"This is one of the most buggy, if not the most buggy AAA games I have every owned. It's really kind of sad and I wonder if the people at Infinity Ward are actually OK or are they sick or something... I know they're not stupid, but they could be sick, maybe they have brain cancer...It's just a weirdly broken game when it's all said and done. From matchmaking, to frame drops, to aim bots galore, everything is just a little bit off.I actually enjoy the game overall but the issues are frustrating.Hopefully they get it all fixed up."
76561198115729539,Not Recommended,292730,30180702,Posted: 25 February,all,zumberos_shadowwake,can not stay in a match
,Not Recommended,292730,29008888,Posted: 4 January,all,The Antoino Pisho,"Horrible. it crashes every two minutes, should of just listenend to the 2M dislikes"
76561198093052830,Not Recommended,292730,30220046,Posted: 27 February,all,MukinTukin,Has bugs while on Campaign. . .The story was good but has bugs. .
,Not Recommended,292730,32229414,Posted: 6 June,all,Jaihyun,"Single missions are not bad, but I can't say it's good.First, it's poorly optimized. Several lags and frame drops I have gone through.Second, the main stories are too short compared to the price. Story is not bad, but little childish I think.Third, battle motions are too simple and seem outdated. Look at Battlefield4 or Titanfall2.Last, multiplay games are boring and take too much time to find matches."
,Recommended,292730,30408633,Posted: 9 March,all,moomoojubu,"I definitely do not under stand the hate for this game.Yes, this game may not be the best FPS game out there but it certainlt is not a bad game. I enjoyed the campaign. It's the one of the best campaign that I've played after crappy campaign in recent games. I also own Battlefield 1 but for single-player, COD still won. I rarely play multiplayer but I have to admit that it's very hard to find a player in lobby. If you wants to play campaign just wait for discount and go for it but if you prefer to play a good, crowded multiplayer then this is not a game for you."
,Recommended,292730,33212836,Posted: 3 July,all,Nick_GoVols,"This game isn't bad if you like the Call of Duty style, but the jumping makes is so hard to hit people."
,Not Recommended,292730,30262337,Posted: 1 March,all,ReACTxCrypt0,The campaign was half decent. Rest was TRASH.
,Not Recommended,292730,30183147,Posted: 25 February,all,MilkieBagsS hellcase.com,Terrible
,Not Recommended,292730,29936118,Posted: 14 February,all,SuperSweetSucc,CoD on PC is♥♥♥♥♥ fix it
76561198069815235,Recommended,292730,30223291,Posted: 27 February,all,deoxxys,"People are far too harsh with this game.They even attempt to improve on certain instances, such as the map is color coded for different areas and it lets you know the name of the place you are at to give your teamates the chance to make call outs.  All guns can be obtained eventually through the crafting system which is a huge improvement over BO3.  Theres also no mouse lag issues as long as you turn off mouth smooth.  I had awful stuttering with BO3 which in this game I have next to none, though I may need to upgrade my ram.  The time to kill is far improved from BO3, it just doesnt make sense to have a slower TTK with a game where players have space jumps and this allows you to get doubles and even triples consistently opposed to BO3 my consistency was a lot lower.Ive played almost all the CODs on PC check my games list for details on my hours but I played Black Ops 3 for 384 hours.But yeah I had a lot of fun playing this game on the free weekend and plan to buy it once it gets a little cheaper."
76561197972459225,Not Recommended,292730,30183236,Posted: 25 February,all,ej13,Wasted a few hours of my weekend. Not one minute of game time. Glad I waited prior to purchasing this.The first COD game I haven't purchased and that seems to be a big win for me.Sad when the repackaged repeat is worth more than the new release from the last decades number one game designer.If you can't interpret this review - the game is broken and there is nothing on line to guide you to a repair.
76561198030497356,Not Recommended,292730,29197077,Posted: 11 January,all,Amora Shepard,"Left an exploit in the game that, when it was discovered, gave the exploiters as many keys as they want. Patched the exploit and gave out 48 hour bans. Decided the exploiters can keep their ill-gotten gains and just walk away keyless and salvage-less. Also dropped a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of stuff into the supply drop in the same fell swoop. Please, just stay away. At this point even Zombies isn't a good enough selling point.EDIT 2/14/17: The game got bricked with an almost 7GB update that completely threw off the matchmaking(IW: What's a balanced match up?) and made every way of playing Solo Zombies, giving a constant ""Lost connection to host"" when you launch a solo match or a one man custom match."
76561198106940224,Not Recommended,292730,30300513,Posted: 3 March,all,MIKEEDEEE,"If I wanted to play Starcraft then I would've bought it. After playing Black Ops, I am really disappointed in this game."
76561198065559104,Not Recommended,292730,30180707,Posted: 25 February,all,batman,"not recommended, dont waste your money, 50gb of waste that I need to delete"
,Recommended,292730,28652547,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KingEvolved,"Its actually really fun, people under estimated it tbh, worth it in my opinion (i waited till the sale doe)"
,Recommended,292730,29305371,Posted: 16 January,all,radda,Campaign: AlrightZombies: GoodMultiplayer:♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,26445568,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Seny,"Infinite Warfare has the same multiplayer experience as Ghosts... Only with the jumping and wallrunning fad crammed into it. The engines of the two games are so similar that it is obvious that they didn't bother optimizing the game at all. Treyarch, on the other hand, improves their engine with every new game they make.Tried the multiplayer twice. Lots of spawn kills and more equipment to spend the first 100 hours learning how to use and as usual, Inifnity Ward goes way overboard with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t gear that allows you to *see the other players without a UAV*. The entire setup of this game is just as bad as IW's previous installments, which again goes back to my point of lacking any actual advancement in the game's core functionality. The multiplayer is still an absolute pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and that will never change for IW.Zombies was an absolute joke. Think of how dissapointed true fans were with extinction and then just add zombies. A lot was copied from Treyarch, which is evident from the moment you see the ""Zombies"" option on your main menu all the way to the addition of a Fire Sale power up in this game. The voice acting and opening cutscenes? Super cringey. Not to mention that this new ""demon antagonist"" has the same actor as Ivor from Minecraft Story Mode. It really just shows how low their budget was in comparison to the expectations that were *supposed* to be met.All in all, the game is just a copy of Ghosts with the same horrid multiplayer experience (the only way to win is with the most try-hardiest of class setups), dried up zombies to mooch off of Treyarch's idea, and a Campaign that simply lacks any actual change in the terms of plot; the protagonists have their backs against the wall, outnumbered against the enemy... Nothing we haven't had before with the number of games in the series.My reconmendation is to stick with Treyarch and the masterpiece MP in Black Ops 3. The mod API lets you do pretty much whatever you want.  Don't even wait to see if IW makes any positive changes, just keep this abomination off your wish list. It's not even worth getting for just to play the Remaster."
,Not Recommended,292730,28874371,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PukeBoii,"Meh, multiplayer wont let me party up and single player is bland and forgettable."
,Not Recommended,292730,30201256,Posted: 26 February,all,for heck's sake,terrible
,Not Recommended,292730,29098344,Posted: 7 January,all,FAT CUNT,"just dont , please just .................................dont the only ok thing in this game is the zombies but its kinda ... meh just dont buy this game if you want to have fun for 2mins +"
76561197995111318,Not Recommended,292730,30174348,Posted: 25 February,all,[OMA]ShenRyu-]E[-,"Free weekend. Wanted to test zombies but you cant because its a free demo version. Multiplayer lobbies take 20 minutes to fill and then I couldnt even connect due to ""lost connection to host"". No worth even with disount."
76561198280906413,Recommended,292730,30178468,Posted: 25 February,all,olimar1010,"To all the Negative Reviews and people who want to see any good review, here i am. All the people that review have under 1 hour or so but i have almost a day. This game is very fun and i would love to see it grow in the future. I haven't played the full campaign yet, but its very good. The Multiplayer IS SO FUN!!! You get all the better guns at later levels, so you need to work for better guns. Zombies is fun with my friend because we're both so bad at zombies, so we have a good time. Overall if you dont like the future, wait for CoD 2017 or buy this half off, but if your a CoD fan and don't care, i recommend this game because of all the fun i had from it so far. Again i would love to see it grow and dont listen to reviews that are from people saying it's ""bad"" even though they only have 1-2 hrs of the game. GG to all the people who read this and have a good day!EDIT: I finished the campaign and it is GREAT. Awesome story and interactions. If they could just make a story for iw2 but not a full space game (just the campaign) that would be awesome. I wish they could include some of the things into mp and the things they did in this campaign should go in to Ghosts 2 campaign!POST EDIT: to many deaths ;-;"
,Recommended,292730,30651231,Posted: 21 March,all,knoblin,"An actual review for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.REVIEW WRITTEN - 21/03/17FOREWORDAs with any review, take my opinion as a grain of salt. I seek to bring a fair review to the game that has been so harshly bad-mouthed and doesn't 100% deserve it.Overall, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare doesn't deserve the negativity it gets. While it doesn't have the playerbase of previous CoD games and definitely didn't have the reception either, it doesn't deserve the hate it received per say. No, IW is a fine CoD game, with a not ridiculously broken MP, a decent, not bad, not great campaign and a zombies mode that revitalises and refreshes the series.It's definitely not a 10/10. But it's not a 0/10 either. Best bet it sits in the 6-7 range, just like most other CoD titles in the series. I feel though that each section stands out on it's own and deserves it's own ratings.CampaignPlayed on Veteran.The campaign is good at best. Not good enough for me to care about characters, but cool enough to get a decent score provided that the reviewer isn't getting high of rolls of $100 bills provided in the back alley by certain game devs. It feels like Star Wars in a sense, and you'll hear me raving this quite a bit. Space battles fighting flagships and fighter craft almost give the game a RoTS feel to the game, with the decent and desctruction of huge cruisers being flashy lightshows before boarding raids by a 4 man squad, of who are useless on any difficulty below Veteran.At the Veteran difficulty, the Star Wars atmosphere grows. Ducking between tight corridors of ships before running into huge open areas makes the AI actually useful for things other than sponging bullets. They actually kill. While being invincible AI takes this magic away somewhat, it definitely does make it feel more fairly aimed than what other CoD titles do, in which chucking useless teammate AI into the fray hurts you more than it helps.Have I finished the Campaign? No.Do I want to? Eh.At best it's the shenanigans of Star Wars Battlefront 2's Instant Action fights. Fun for a few hours and cool to come to and from every once and a while, but never enough enjoyment to stay and play for a 24 hour marathon.Alone, it's worth a 6/10.MutliplayerI didn't really get much time to play the MP, maybe 3 games at best. Now, I've never been a fan of CoD's MP, nor MP games in general, but compared to Bo3, it seems much fairer. The killstreak riding shenanigans from Bo3 has vanished and a more leveled playing field has been created, but not enough for me to care about it.A 5/10 would fit right here, this score would change, but I can't be bothered waiting 3 hours to find a single lobby of Standard TDM.ZombiesA fresh new look onto the popular survival mode has brought me quite a lot of fun. I won't rave into it too much, as I would bias it so heavily that the rating would swap from a 6-7 to a 10, just because of how much I fanboy it.Definitely however a good reason to buy the game, if only seeking it. A 7/10 easily.PerformanceThe menu's are clunky and horribly. But the game runs smoothly at High, so I can't really complain.To conclude, IW doesn't do many things great,  nor does it do anything horribly, it seems to be just a middle point for the franchise. Not new, not old. Not good or bad. Just, average. Pick it up on sale, or don't, but it isn't the horror that the reviews point it out to be."
76561198037067843,Not Recommended,292730,30132132,Posted: 23 February,all,nomeddas,"So its a free weekend, but you can only play one mode... smooth."
,Not Recommended,292730,30131952,Posted: 23 February,all,rat,garbage
76561198088681049,Not Recommended,292730,26440301,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,anime679,"within 20 seconds of my first round of COD 4 Remastered I knew it wasnt going to be COD4  ,, It plays and feels  more like BLOPSNo serverlist, No ping, ,, JUST ANOTHER BAD CONSOLE PORTrequested a refund and got it within 40 minutes"
,Not Recommended,292730,29108298,Posted: 7 January,all,lil D,well what do you expect its cod...
,Not Recommended,292730,28877552,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Johnny Appleseed,"Pros:-Gameplay is fast paced.-Challenges are nice.-Ok campaign. Lot of interactions.Cons:-Campaign is the same over and over and over. Too repetitive.-Multiplayer is extremely diffucult to play with mouse and keyboard. I decided to use controller and felt gameplay was a bit easier.-Zombies is absolute trash. Wont even explain this point since most people should already know what I am talking about.-Too many hackers on multiplayer.-Small variety of guns.-Matchmaking takes way too long.-Multiplayer matchmaking is queuing me with LVL 55s, which is about 5 times higher than me.-Bugs...everywhere.-Little to no response from Activision regaurding any of the problems.I hate this game. I loved all the CoDs before this and I think this is where my respect and love for this franchise ends. If you plan on buying this game, get it while it is on sale. Dont waste your money for this crap."
,Not Recommended,292730,26430435,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Magnus1570,"not going to lie, but i did what most people did and buy it only for the remaster. yes the remaster is oka but it does not justify spending a full £60 just to play it. i played a little bit of the infinte warfare campaign and not going to lie, thought they could have done a better story instead of coping mass effect and most space genre games. tried to play the mutiplayer  and to my surprise, DOESNT want to connect to anyone. goes to load a match and, nope disconects. the game has a weird fps stutter for some strange reason. im sorry but i just think this port could of been handled with a little bit more care due to being developed for 2/3 years."
76561198063357465,Not Recommended,292730,34012137,Posted: 4 August,all,Foolish Commander,"This is by far the worst game in the series, the physics are just laggy and broken feels like I'm playing an indie 15fps ♥♥♥♥ fest, Somehow they managed to make the spawn system even worse than the predecessors which before now I thought was utterly impossible.  If they didn't spend 90% of the development time and resources on making ♥♥♥♥♥♥ low quality cosmetics, maybe the series wouldn't have died at the hands of these ♥♥♥♥ing ape devs."
,Recommended,292730,29304462,Posted: 16 January,all,Rush Me Please,"First impressions: no zombies played.First of all the campaign start is gorgeous. You are taken into the future, new world, new conflicts. There are some issues with the cinematics having a bit of stuttering but that doesn't ruin the gameplay. When you take control, the game runs smooth, fluid and has awesome graphics.The multiplayer feels a lot like Black Ops 3 and even with starting gear it feels good. You have a ton of specialists and things to experiment.About the hatred this game received: First of all, COD MW1 was missing from my collection and it felt a bit annoying to be forced into buying COD IW in order to access COD MW1 Remastered. From all CODs i have played, i enjoyed the most MW2 and MW3 so it felt like i should have MW1 also. Then i realised i actualy wanted both games. Yeah, i do want to experience Feet on Ground from MW1 and i also wanted to see the new game. I thought about it, and i did pay for COD MW3 100 euro to get the game and the DLCs. Now for 100 euro i got IW + DLCs and MW1, so in financial terms i did get more for 100 euro than before. It is a lot compared to other quality games like CSGO that cost little and offer so many hours of gameplay, but there is also a lot more content to explore in CODs. Compared to CSGO, you get single player campaign, quality cooperative maps and bigger multiplayer content. You cannot compare the competitive parts because in COD games you have to play to unlock things while in CSGO you get everything from start and all you need to develop is the skills to become better.What i dislike the most about COD games is that when new game appears, the previous games become deserted. They should sell old versions that lack people for a lot less money. You do not have 50.000 players online so why ask for a full price when you should ask for 10-15% of that price? You already made the sale when that game was released, give people old games for cheap and they will make efforts to buy your new releases. Why settle with 100.000 premium buyers when you can have 10 million happy customers? Lower prices = good business. Think about it!Back to IW, if you can afford it, it is worth buying it, otherwise you can just watch the walkthroughs and gameplay on youtube and still experience the game that way. Enjoy it!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30160587,Posted: 24 February,all,leonstk,"nice ~ downloaded Play for free to try the game!  50GB~ then ?""You do not own this product"" at single player ~ donwload crack version to try the game better then this Play for free demo"
,Not Recommended,292730,30653268,Posted: 21 March,all,NINJAPLZ,"IW took a bite of Battlestar Galactica, washed it down with Black Ops 3, and crapped this out.:)0.5/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,31363559,Posted: 25 April,all,SpickFotze,i'm glad i'm not the one who payed for the game
,Recommended,292730,29127403,Posted: 8 January,all,SuperPug,"After finishing up the 20 hours campaign, I must say I am happily surprise by the production value and enjoyable experience I had playing through it.After Black Ops 3 and Ghost, my expectations were dim and my faith in Call of Duty campaign died out. Infinite warfare took the CoD formula and boosted it back with refreshing characters and mechanics. I was engaged through the whole experience. The dreaded vehicule segment were much more enjoyable than previous entries and yet felt odd at first.The outer space battles as a soldier controls felt quite odd with the rotation of the camera and movements, yet with some tunning felt at home afterwards.Didn't try the multiplayer yet.Great job Infinity ward"
76561197983758407,Recommended,292730,29128749,Posted: 8 January,all,phermitgb,"I enjoyed this game personally so much that I felt I'd like to write a review for it, so that other people looking for the same things I look for in video games might give it due consideration...Overall : this is the most satisfying COD single player campaign I've ever played. Make no mistake, it does not, overall, veer far from the standard COD formula, and suffers from many of the same basic problems that all COD games suffer from i.e atrocious ally AI, uncommonly accurate enemy shooting, and obnoxious difficulty differentiating enemies from the surrounding environment. Nevertheless, I have enjoyed this COD game single player campaign vastly over all other COD games...The multi-player aspect of the game is an entirely different story...but I'll get to that later1 - fair warning - I vastly prefer modern, ultra-modern, and sci-fi era shooting games, and as such, Inifinite Warfare falls exactly where I want it to as far as the setting goes. For people who dislike sci-fi-esque era games, be warned. But as an example of a good solid sci-fi era ultra-modern-tech kind of environment, IW nails it. actions all over the solar system, in space and on the ground, offer a fantastic variety of different looking and different acting environments that I found very satisfying2 - this COD game carries a considerable amount of reasonably varied single player content - I've got nearly 12 hours of single player campaign time in, and I'm only now reaching the end.3 - The game offers a fairly wide variety of engagement types - reasonably fun, fast, and simple space/aerial battle zones, ground stealth combat, a single ground infiltration mission, a reasonable variety of regular ground combat zones in a variety of interesting locales, and some zero-g combat. All of which follow *mostly* the same basic mechanics, but the mechanics work pretty well, and the slight mix-ups on objectives and styles of approach makes for a satisfyingly varied gameply4 - the story is...reasonably...fun. The main enemy is routinely one-dimensional, which is a tad disappointing, but nearly all the rest of the cast are reasonably memorable, interesting, and fun to watch as the game plays it's story out.5 - while I find most of the gun visual design to be bafflingly ugly, the mechanics for how the guns work are excellent - all the standard variations are here...smg's for rapid fire, AR's for mid-range rapid fire and accuracy, shotguns, sniper rifles, etc...they all sound pretty good IMO and they operate differently enough that it's relatively easy to find a few that work with whatever shooting style you might prefer6 - the secondary devices (grenades and special equipment) are, I feel,  a highlight of the game. Offering a suprisingly effective variety of very different effects, it's easy to find something that changes up the game while also being fun to useOverall, between the choice of era, the relatively large amount of content, the solid gameplay mechanics, and the wide variety of visuals and game-play types, I've found this particular COD single player campaign to be one of the most satisfying in years.My multi-player experience has been far less satisfying, for numerous reasons, however, my MP experience has also been far less numerous, due to the many unsatisfying reasons...so take that for what you will.MP is just about everything COD is known for, love it or hate it. It's fast and it's twitchy and it has at least it's fair share of hackers, if not more.  Worse, however, is that this is the first COD that I've had innumerable connection issues with - usually COD is a relatively fun if somewhat unfulfilling mp shooter for me, but at least it's usually stable and I can count on it - so far, I've been dumped by at least close to 9/10 of my matches due to being ""unable to establish secure connection with host"" - there are numerous threads online bringing the problem up, however, solutions seem to be...inconsistent at best. For my own part, after managing some rather detailed port forwarding, I've had exactly 2 games out of nearly 20 attempts that I've been able to play all the way through - and they weren't that much fun...at least not for me.still, if you can find it on sale and enjoy an active shooter single player campaign in a sci-fi era environment, I highly recommend Infinite Warfare. I'm a less valuable advisor on whether you should buy this for the MP component - if you do, I strongly suggest that you find out first how to reach your router menu, call up the guidelines on steam and activision for port forwarding, and then flip a coin..."
76561198011521529,Recommended,292730,29114551,Posted: 8 January,all,duraden,"Such a hit and miss game.The single player campaign, like the campaigns of Titanfall 2 and BF1, Infinity Ward actually got it right.Its an amazing campaign that really makes you feel involved. Love the story, the gameplay and the settings.There really isnt much more I can say.  From the CoD campaigns its my favourite since MW series.In fact, when I saw the trailors for it, I thought it looked epic despite the bagging it got/Call of Duty hasnt been a go to game for years. In fact, after the MW series and World at war, I thought it really lost its way in both single player and multiplayer.Now, to the multiplayer. Just like all the cods since the above mentioned MW series and World at war, It fails epically to be entertaining.  The map set out is just bloody terrible and the gameplay is shocking.  Infinity ward have really lost it and need to re-look at the original MW series for gameplay and map design.I will stick with Titanfall 2 and Battlefields 3, 4 and 1 for multiplayer. In fact, as far as Im concerned, Titanfall 2 did everything right in multiplayer that this game and previous cods have lost.Damn shame since I have played Call of Duty since the first World War 2 based game came out.But, at least the single player was freaking awesome.If you enjoy single player then dont hesitate to buy it. If you only bother with multiplayer then run with Titanfall 2 coz this  multiplayer blows goats and titanfall is insanely brilliant"
,Recommended,292730,29265092,Posted: 14 January,all,Reasons/B/,"Not worth the 60 dollar price, but if you can get the game for 30 the single player is one of the best in some time.Multiplayer has less players the Black Ops 3 can be impossable to find games other then tdm.Worth it for ~30 for single player."
76561198354772785,Not Recommended,292730,28880101,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ceaden.lenny,"havent injoyed infinite warfare i wouldnt recomend buying it if your buying it for multiplayer only beacause there is a lot of hackers/modders, not many players, i liked zombies  its really fun. i havent played campain yet, if buying it best to wate till its on sale or buy it on xb1 or ps4!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30159995,Posted: 24 February,all,Sleet Games,I really don't want to join the hater bandwagon but the game simply does not work. Pre loaded shaders froze my PC the first time. On the second attempt it was ok. Changin any option in the Options menu freezes the game. The only way how to quit the game is with Task Manager. Multiplayer doesn't work either. I was attempting to join a TDM but it just kep on loading the levelInfinitely... My PC's specs below and I have a 200Mbps connection. Latest Nvidia updates.i7-5960X32GB RAMPalit 980Ti1 TB Sandisk SSDWindows 7 64bit
76561198122683813,Not Recommended,292730,30159649,Posted: 24 February,all,(VoA) KimiGaNozomuEien,Doesnt even let you play private match cause you need a host connection like what the ♥♥♥♥ it  is a  offline match
76561198073675294,Not Recommended,292730,30548487,Posted: 16 March,all,SpartanViperz ツ,"♥♥♥♥ing joke, wish I could have my money back, Bout this on sale for £44 including MWR - the reason I bought this and wow, never ever will I be so stupid again. The campaign of MWR is great no doubt but the multiplayer is dead and its the same story for Infinite warfare, not only that but they added new guns to MWR which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and you have to pay for the DLC maps like wtf, no thanks. ♥♥♥♥ you activision you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥"
21313123909301245,Not Recommended,292730,30168349,Posted: 25 February,all,Jägermeister,Shieet
,Not Recommended,292730,30194208,Posted: 26 February,all,♛ Pablo Escobar CSGO-SKINS.COM,"You can't play single and zombie but you can play multi BUT ITS NOT EVEN WORKING!!!Dont buy it, its waist of money...."
76561198316765100,Not Recommended,292730,30194354,Posted: 26 February,all,E|3cTr0LysiS,"WORST GAME EVERi got this for free, from the offer and NOTHING WORKS. everytime i try and start a game, it sais connection to host lost EVEN IF I'M THE HOST.Nothing works in this game, it's just a waste of storage."
,Not Recommended,292730,30194385,Posted: 26 February,all,Mr Meeseeks,Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ was not worth the harddrive space. Whoever came up with this should be fired....
,Not Recommended,292730,31908013,Posted: 22 May,all,MaG|THESIS⋞⊹⋟,"Overall the game I thought was pretty decent. Entirely too many spaceship missions. The story was alright but nowhere near as gripping as the early games.As far as mutliplayer goes: The community is nonexistent, finding games is a nightmare, however, you'll find familiarity in the trash talking.Wouldn't bother with it, not worth it at all."
,Recommended,292730,31287508,Posted: 21 April,all,Autumn Littlebyte,"As a disclaimer, i have not tried the multiplayer nor do i think i need to. After just now finishing the campaign i'd wholeheartedly say that this is my favorite of the call of duty franchise as of yet if not one of my all time favorite games period. The campaign is far worth the 60 dollars, a very smart investment, even if not on sale. 10/10."
,Recommended,292730,31223689,Posted: 18 April,all,DaG,"Great Game! 10/10 Zombies, Top notch Stuff Kid!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30210248,Posted: 26 February,all,Chinese Money,"My profile pic, as of 26/02, shows what most IW Players look like"
76561198195245589,Not Recommended,292730,30590795,Posted: 18 March,all,Bermuda,I can't enjoy this game. I have no while playing fun.
,Not Recommended,292730,30161640,Posted: 25 February,all,Sated,iTS JUST BAD
76561198119414328,Not Recommended,292730,30161296,Posted: 25 February,all,D3athsShadow,Lol. if ghosts and Advanced warfare had a kid this would be it
76561197992271488,Recommended,292730,29396640,Posted: 21 January,all,Katz-P,"Rule one: ignore all the fkn haters, judge for yourselves.In my humble opinion this game worth it for the campaign alone. The best campaign since modern warfare 1+2 and black ops . The futuristic setting doesnt harm it but gives the game variety with technology and weapons. Realistic military story with  strong characters that make you care and mourn their loss. The story also talks about how  being a man and a leader involves making hard decisions and it is a great aspect of the story.Gameplay: The weapons sound and react  great, each one is unique and doesnt feel like watergun. After you finish the campaign you unlock specialist difficulty that makes it feel like another game with different gear you must use to survive and your limbs gettin shot. I wish they used the wallrunning and jumpkit better.And on top of that you get multi and zombies which are good.Overall the team showed great talent in gamedesign, and this game deffenetly deserves better than the reviews it received."
,Recommended,292730,30441938,Posted: 11 March,all,Starset,"I don't know why all the hate on this game. I find it pretty fun. And the campaign is truly amazing, and interesting story. (I Don't play COD for multiplayer)"
76561198114206219,Not Recommended,292730,32471643,Posted: 16 June,all,maurice_71081,DO NOT BUY. It crashes about 5 minutes after everytime I start it. I haven't even began the first mission yet.
76561198365628073,Recommended,292730,33455178,Posted: 11 July,all,MR_L3G3ND4RY,Campaign was okay to play once. Multiplayer I was honestly disappointed with. Zombies was very fun I enjoyed it so much.I was annoyed that there was no local play though. I am rarely online because my internet is crap so i can barely play it.overall enjoyable...bring back local play.
76561198121149450,Not Recommended,292730,30161837,Posted: 25 February,all,Kris,Waited 2 hours to download the game on the free weekend. Campaign is locked and I was unable to play even a single multiplayer match. I don't know what this kind of advertising it's called but it's stupid. To all who want to download the game for the free weekend trial - just don't.
76561198064572427,Not Recommended,292730,30161839,Posted: 25 February,all,FIBA,I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥for free and i can't play multiplayer because it crashes every time.
76561198015787402,Recommended,292730,30310195,Posted: 4 March,all,steebs,"I initally purchased this game for access to the remake of MW.   I have played it through and whilst it was OK, it still doesn't match up to Tom Clancys, The Division.I think one flaw with just about every COD I have played, is that if you advance past an enemy, the enemy just seems to miraculously forget about you.   With The Division, they hunt you down unless you run for what seems forever.I understand different developers, different ideas, but for me COD is just lacking.I cannot say that I would recommend the game, but on the same token, I cannot say that I wouldn't.   It would be down to your personal taste to be honest.   Having said that, I do not resent having bought the game, but its likely to sit in my library, maybe brought our when friends are around.I hope that my review helps others deciding whether to purchase or not.If I were to score it, I would say 60 to 70 out of 100.I do dislke the fact that I have *HAD* to select YES or NO to the question of recommendation, when I really didn't want to answer either way.   Nice one Steam!!!"
76561198266708744,Not Recommended,292730,32293184,Posted: 9 June,all,$lick$loth666,I lived in the US bought the game there. Moved to Japan for military reasons and i cant even play any of the CODS online.....thanks
76561198098949695,Not Recommended,292730,30463175,Posted: 11 March,all,zemonzorack,"First review for steam. NO ONE, I repeat, NO EVEN ONE PERSON is in multiplayer now."
,Recommended,292730,30280472,Posted: 2 March,all,Huayra,"I personally enjoyed this game. I haven't played a cod game since Ghosts, and while I still don't like the jetpacks and all the flashy stuff. The multiplayer was suprisingly fun and fast paced. as I have not played the singleplayer or zombies yet I cannot give a full review however based off of the time I spent in multiplayer I can recommend this game----------------------------------------------------------------------------Downsides-activisions prices on steam-micro-transactions-Peer-to-peer----------------------------------------------------------------------------upsides-fun mulitplayer-good ranking system-great gun sounds-easy to pick up/put down-----------------------------------------------------------------------------This review is based off of multiplayer only due to the free weekend only giving access to multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,292730,30436465,Posted: 10 March,all,CTZ I AlliGator,"zobmbies are ""fine"" .. multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥""if you could play it"".. whene ever i join a lobby i get kicked before the match start.. the thing is COD is dead and this game is a disgrace.i want my free back !!! it's making my library ugly."
,Not Recommended,292730,30436855,Posted: 10 March,all,Guitarded,Really great game but the lag is insane. I've had times where it runs flawlessly at around 90fps then all of a sudden i get 3fps and then instantly goes back to 90. FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥COD!!!
76561198354061162,Not Recommended,292730,30484537,Posted: 12 March,all,AdventurerLikeYou,"I really wanted to like this game, I really did. But it's broken, it won't play anything and it takes up 82GB of my space. I;ve tried to fix it, but nothing works. And it's 82GB, just too much. It also happens that it took 5 hrs on startup to load, which means I can't refund it either. Well played Infinity Ward. Well played."
,Not Recommended,292730,30224299,Posted: 27 February,all,Ongo Gablogian,derivative
,Not Recommended,292730,30218047,Posted: 27 February,all,You kill me ? I fuck your mom,Give me a sick Game in this year and together  (i never lost my cost with Sick CoD game it's end after mw 3 )
76561198237145660,Not Recommended,292730,30289603,Posted: 2 March,all,vickodua,THIS IS THE BEST CALL OF DUTY IN HISTORY !said nobody ever
76561198253567087,Recommended,292730,30542443,Posted: 16 March,all,timmystixgaming,Good story mode with good graphics
,Recommended,292730,32229141,Posted: 6 June,all,Skate | MS,How to de-salt from league
,Recommended,292730,33381599,Posted: 8 July,all,mr wingdings,nice
76561198028066778,Not Recommended,292730,32125535,Posted: 2 June,all,[RCF] Moose,Could have been a great game if only there was dedicatewd servers!
76561198149068810,Not Recommended,292730,31291937,Posted: 22 April,all,After_Grog_Bog,"This game overall is a huge improvement on the previous iterations in every way since Modern Warfare but for some reason no matter what time of the day, any day, it is impossible to connect to 'online services' meaning my game is null and void.  First CoD i actually shelled out on for the full price with season pass so i could play zombies.  Won't do that again.  Don't reccomend you do either.Stop trying to make money, start trying to make a good game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30170180,Posted: 25 February,all,Shooterperson,noobtube over and overop payloads everywhere (those little sentry turrets)BO3 was not bad.. but this is the worst lolsrsly get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together cod
,Not Recommended,292730,30170097,Posted: 25 February,all,My nUgga,You sure is this free? It isnt free! You cant play anything !! You will just hangin out in the menu of the game! You sucks guys!!! Dont lie the people! Its♥♥♥♥♥♥!! I waited 50  GB to download this game and what i get? Nothing!!!
76561198164061563,Recommended,292730,32175852,Posted: 4 June,all,SumiYa be like..,"guys , i just bought this cod , then why i can't find match?pls , i need your help i'm from indonesia T_T"
76561198273979601,Recommended,292730,33617166,Posted: 17 July,all,Clue,"Amazing game, not many players sadly. Do not hesitate to purchase. Campaign is very fun, zombies is amazing with a lot of content, and multiplayer is very good."
76561198370315778,Recommended,292730,32206386,Posted: 5 June,all,Sweden1997,"Blood, A lot of it. Action, space, call of duty and a lot of blood. First person shooter is very great. Give this game a hotshot and a try, it´s fun."
,Recommended,292730,33547367,Posted: 14 July,all,[KC]ValoTheBrute,This game supprised me i never expected it to be this good just buy dont lisen to the haters
76561198341954935,Recommended,292730,33612696,Posted: 17 July,all,✟Neon✟,Its ok if you are a rage type person like me not reamended
,Recommended,292730,33884752,Posted: 29 July,all,CookieChristmas,"I would that Infinite warfare is an okay game while it does have it's problems I still enjoy the sapce setting and futuristic setting this is coming from the guy who love the modern warfare series and I would say its not as bad as black ops 3 most the weapon variants dont require the slot machine system now you can get crap out of your supply drop and get salvage to work towards the weapons you want so you don't end up wasting all of your money. The gameplay is satisfying for me at least moving fast through the map killing your enemies. The zombies for infinite warfare is also okay I'd they've done a good job creating these maps zombies introduces fate of fortune cards which are much better than gobblegums machines. The maps are huge and if new to them might take a week to get used to, but when you know how play the maps you'll have a fun time playing people's all time COD favorite gamemode zombies."
,Not Recommended,292730,33022445,Posted: 29 June,all,BAD BLOOD,Complete garbage.
,Not Recommended,292730,26431110,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Spicy Pleb,I would rather have my hands get run over by a car than put them on my keyboard and mouse to play this game. Extremly choppy and terrible frames. I have an OC FX6300 at 4.4 and a OC R9 380 4gb with 8gb DDR3 ram. If you have worse than me than good luck to you and enjoy your headaches. 1/5 stars the only good thing is zombies but that isn't good enough to carry everything else out from the mud. It isn't activision zombies.
,Recommended,292730,28771536,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Harondor,"After seeing all the bad reviews I waited for the holiday sale to dive right in.Only played campaign, Normal Difficulty, took 8 hours completing all side missions and main lineOverall, solid 8/10Runs brilliantly, they did an amazing job here and is very well optimised.Awesome for any scifi fans.Shooting mechanics were similar to other CoD's + some interesting gun and equipment mechanics for the futuristic setting.Story was fine, nothing that will change you for life but you'll get the motivation of the characters.Space combat was fun, felt a little guided but made for a nice change of pace.If you're looking for a fun, scifi themed, single player shooter campaign made by those withon years of experience in the genre buy and enjoy your 8-10 hours!No comments on multiplayer as haven't played."
,Not Recommended,292730,29897949,Posted: 13 February,all,CAPT KIDD 1991  -_-,I dont recommed playing anything COD on pc since no one really plays the game. No lobbies in black ops 3 this game or MWR
,Recommended,292730,28775757,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ChirpChirp,Big Big Big thumbs up to SP.  Thumbs down to MP simply because it feels really cheap and the performance is totally sketchy. It is still fun though lol. That is important and will keep me coming back although mp feels like a bad free to play.
,Not Recommended,292730,29890449,Posted: 12 February,all,Suzy,Best Cod I've Ever Played....LMFAO SIKE Dont Buy This Garbage
76561198296834534,Not Recommended,292730,29065038,Posted: 6 January,all,Emperor Palpatine,Call Of Duty: Infinite Cancer
,Not Recommended,292730,30192850,Posted: 26 February,all,Sexy Iron Maiden,Couldnt find a game
76561198284908053,Not Recommended,292730,26426533,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,psyy10245,♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ infinite ♥♥♥♥ the whole universe
,Not Recommended,292730,30237459,Posted: 28 February,all,Speedyt,i did not really like it i mean not like that bad but still the only thing i like is that u can fly for a second or two.
76561198050704362,Recommended,292730,33252507,Posted: 4 July,all,ZoRa,I absolutely love this game! I don't play the Campaign but i do play the Multiplayer which is so much fun and the guns look awesome. Sadly the player count is a bit low i'd wish more people were on it.
,Not Recommended,292730,26423955,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Toasteddude,Runs poorly on a 1070
,Not Recommended,292730,26426299,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bonjour_Mom,"Wow. I am shocked that Infinity Ward and Activision would release this game in the terrible state it's in. The game is constantly crashing or freezing. It took me 2 hours before i finally got into a match because it kept freezing whenever it wanted to load into another screen. But of course it crashes just seconds into the match once i finally get in. Also the framerate seems to be extremely unstable and dropping reghularly. I'm running a i7 3820 with 2 GTX 980 tis and 16GB RAM so it shouldnt be an issue with my hardware. I also tried disabling SLI. Didnt work. I tried adjusting settings (resolution, texture). Nothing. I even went as far as turning off my anti-virus. Nope. This release is absolute garbage. IW and Activision should be ashamed. Im surprised STEAM would sell such a terrible product. DO NOT BUY!!!"
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,292730,26426263,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Is it as bad as they said? Oh yes, it is.Clunky movement.Graphics from a better indie game.Movement is somehow broken. Input lag I think, but I can't really put my finger on it.Really, don't buy this. It's what we all feared it to be. It's not fun."
,Recommended,292730,34052638,Posted: 5 August,all,pooshit,"♥♥♥♥ all the ♥♥♥♥ing neigh sayers. This is a good♥♥♥♥♥mother♥♥♥♥ing game. The multiplayer is fun and fast (if people are playing), but I came for the story. I thought they couldn't top Black Ops 3, but somehow Infinity Ward did. Relentless, raw, and epic in scale, from the minute you jump into the seat of your aircraft, you're lifted to a new world of warfare."
,Recommended,292730,30159626,Posted: 24 February,all,F1205TY,Preloading shaders...[EDIT]Searching for match...
,Recommended,292730,30158171,Posted: 24 February,all,joshmoshpit,"The majority of these negative reviews are from a bunch COD stans who don't like the transistion to futuristic/space concepts and stories. I understand, because I once was angry when the Power Rangers & Pokemon left Earth and went intergalactic on us all when I was a child.The graphics are insanely awesome and I'm using a GTX 750 TI. The cinematic cut-scenes in solo mode look promising as I've only downloaded and played multiplayer mode. The online community isn't chalk-full of ""professionals"" who live and die by a simple FPS while living in their mother's basement. I'm new to this game and although I'm not the best, it's incredibly fun and great practice for online multiplayer. I recommend this game off multiplayer alone, and if you can, I'd snatch this game while it's only $29.99."
,Recommended,292730,33105271,Posted: 1 July,all,chojnacki.krzysiek,Being mainly single player I  adore CoD series for action and plot. Infinite Warfare gave me all I wanted and more then I expected as this episode takes place in space travel future and reminds space operas like Ian Douglas 'Star Carrier'.Great game!
,Not Recommended,292730,29359521,Posted: 19 January,all,Kill Roy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QtokETDSiQ
76561198012431408,Not Recommended,292730,26441827,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zephyr,"First off, 70GB to download? Really?I'm 1.5hr into the game and I simply don't see the content that justified the huge download. The premise of the game is nice, fighting on other worlds, cool backgrounds... but that's about it. The story is ridiculous.You have a nice fleet, so you put together the whole fleet on parade??? So people could just sneak up on you and blow the whole fleet? Seriously???Than it's just one ship vs the gazillion enemies one???"
,Not Recommended,292730,30180829,Posted: 25 February,all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"TOTAL GARBAGE!!!!!I have tried to play ANY MATCH on multi, but unsuccessfull!!!There were only broken connections, nothing else.All the rest is buy-me content only, even single campaing.Just wasted my time..."
,Recommended,292730,29445793,Posted: 23 January,all,_AlxoM,"Студия как всегда отлично (в этой части действительно отлично, не сарказм) поработала над одиночной игрой: сюжет имеется и он на уровне, причём в этой части он имеет ветки, т.е. с возможностью выбора прохождения (можно удариться в основной сюжет, а можно перед этим пройти все второстепенные миссии)/* СПОЙЛЕР */Прохождение второстепенных миссий не влияет на финальную концовку, но оказывает влияние на уровень сопротивления вам на змеле!/* КОНЕЦ СПОЙЛЕРА */Уровень сложности Ветерана доработан идеально, сложно, но возможно (в отличие от Remastered, к примеру), миссии пропаботаны шикарно, ИИ умеют (наконец-то!) думать, и даже разговаривают с Вами на мостике :)А вот с многопользовательской игрой всё не так хорошо. Она испорчена разного рода дроп-коробками, оружием из лут-боксов, имбами в лице некоторых моделей и прочим ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ом. В общем, лучше туда лишний раз не заходить.ВЫВОД: пройти одиночную игру стоит однозначно (причём полностью!), она очень интересная и увлекает. Как только пройдёте - удаляйте игру или перепроходите одиночную, если Вы ценитель серии - не ходите в многопользовательскую! Не стоит оно того! Приятного прохождения! :)P.S. Почему-то отчаянно не хочет давать мне ставить русский язык на обзор. Sorry guys, can't choose russian language at ""language"" list-box."
76561198398565802,Recommended,292730,35033038,Posted: 17 September,all,autonomous2017,Best COD since MW/MW2. True courage for Activation to venture into SciFi and Space genre. The single player campaign is way better than BF1. Wish the graphics could be a little better and they could fix the virtual memory over commit problem. If you don't have virtual memory turned on you need at least 24GB of RAM to run it and most of them are committed but unused!
76561198094003359,Recommended,292730,28830114,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spartaneri,"ive never liked CoD, this isnt so bad. Its perfect to casually play for 45 minutes after a frustrating game of warthunder, CSGO or anything where getting killed seems like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, a calming run and gun. The singleplayer is actually kinda fun, and zombies is zombies. I recommend getting some friends because not many play this online"
76561198077090017,Not Recommended,292730,26480103,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MOFONGO,changing resolutions is a nightmare on a tv.plays and looks like a stipped down version of black ops 3...frames are capped at 91 fps..REALLY?..do they even know how that looks when its trying to sync at 120 htz?..you die faster than if you were playing hardcore.REALLY?...graphics look like theyre from 2001...did you guys even try?..980ti in sli..i7 6700k..32gb ddr4 ..1300 watt evga supernova..950 pro ssds...i have gaming equipment..its the game thats utter garbage..battlefield 1 and titanfall 2 will now be where my money goes..you guys should partner up with hello games..you both are chock full of brilliant decisions..stop embarassing yourselves and go do something else.REFUNDED...thank you for that option steam
,Not Recommended,292730,26481028,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,2ez4techies,worst cod
,Not Recommended,292730,26494228,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,✪ TAVii,#WeWantBootsOnTheGround
,Recommended,292730,26632657,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RdJokr,"NOTE: This review is made as of November 16, without any patch having been released. Thus, things could change in the future.Infinite Warfare is actually a great game, don't let the negative reviews fool you. It has issues, but we're still in the early stage. It's too early to write off the game. And I'm gonna tell you just why you should pick up the game:The IW Campaign is by far one of the best COD campaigns ever created, and for good reason. Helmed by two former Naughty Dog developers who now join the ranks of Infinity Ward as Narrative Director and Studio Design Director, these guys have helped to craft a solid, beautiful, emotional campaign. This is a redeeming factor for IW after the shamble that was Ghosts. My only complaint was a lack of development for the antagonist, Salen Kotch. But Kit Harington still manages to make him shine.The multiplayer is, for the most part, a more polished extension of Black Ops III's MP. That may sound like a bad thing if you have been burned out of BO3, but the experience is still unique enough to keep you interested. Now, if you're not informed enough, then here's something you should know: weapon variants are in this game, but they are nowhere near as OP as people make them sound like. They do have bonus stats, but provide very little advantage in comparison to the base weapons. And yes, COD Points will be making their way onto the PC version soon. I'm not telling you how to spend your money, but do spend them wisely.Zombies is a rather surprising part of Infinite Warfare. Infinity Ward actually made a Zombies map that could rival Treyarch in terms of gameplay. It's fun, it's unique, and it's challenging, while still providing new players an opportunity to learn. Obviously, balancing still needs to be done to make the map the best it can be, but I have faith in IW to pull it off.Now for the part you all want to hear: the PC performance. As of the moment I'm writing this, the PC version runs smooth as butter, but at the same time is plagued with quite a few issues. Frame rate caps of 125 in campaign and 91 in MP and Zombies, mouse movement issues, among other things. Now, it's still too early to call it off, so please do give it some time before you decide whether it's worth buying.Lastly, Modern Warfare Remastered. Now I'm amazed at what Raven did with this game. It looks stunning and beautiful, but the sad part is, the MP gameplay is still as unbalanced as ever. Don't let the nostalgia blind you: if you're not fine with weapons having damage bonus, then you should not be fine with this game at all. A rifle that can kill you in one burst of 3 rounds, combined with a perk that boosts your damage by 40%? Nah, screw that.In conclusion: I recommend buying Infinite Warfare for campaign and Zombies, but MP players may want to stick to BO3 for a while. Also will not recommend Legacy Edition at all. Either standard or Deluxe, folks. You'll get much better value out of those two packages."
,Recommended,292730,26632031,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ragoons,"*Single Player Campaign Review*The single-player campaign is the culmination of Infinity Ward's best efforts. Previous titles had rail thin plot, shallow character, and little ability to keep one engaged. However, IW puts all that to rest. I've never been more impressed with their use of plot, cinematic spectacle, and character. What makes IW great is beneath all the glitz-and-glamor, the twitch-action FPS shooter roots are still there. Put all this together and what comes out is a game that feels like a 5-star sci-fi war series released on Netflix. The whole season is released and I'll be damned if I leave my seat before glassing the surface of Mars. There are legitimate criticisms leveled at the single-player campaign, but compared to its blockbuster-AAA rival, I'd choose a Jackal armed with 20mm Dragonflies over a horse and a sword any day. Yes. The single player is that much better than BF1's. Its 1v1 space-superiority figher ship vs horse better.If you want a tightly-paced, well-designed, elite-military-sci-fi-opera-badass-action-hero-simulator with a casually sloped learning curve, IW is where it's at. However, if you're looking for a more tactical/stealth based single-player experience, with no discernable plot, a heavy handed ""you should give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about history"" theme, and a realistic experience of how horrible it feels to slowly slog through knee deep blood mud, go with the competition.COD IW has completely embraced its own identity. Infinity Ward has crafted something genius despite the wide ranging criticisms it recieves on a daily basis. The tiny details that catch your attention between the caucohphony of galactic combat are what sets apart IW from its predecessors and even its competition. Its the small moments: When the boatswain rings an arcahaic bell, salutes, and announces ""captain on deck!"" every time you walk the bridge. When the dialogue hits the perfect balance between tacticalese and hero-banter making you feel like war is ez. When you feel respect for a Marine when he starts treating your  8 foot assasin-robot as a friend and not a tool. When the SDF hits hardest when your guard is down. When one second you're shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥with your XO, the next you're truly dying. When its the first time, in a long time, you hope this Call of Duty character doesn't die like this.The well thought out weapon design shines in tense moments, when your primary's low, you're taking fire from some super-collosal OP Mars Gundam robot thing, you snag a bloody half-mag Martian SMG from some SDF soldier missing his face, and fuitly return fire. From the moment you pick up a weapon for the first time, you know exactly how its gonna fire, how it should be used, and if you're ♥♥♥♥ed.  There's a dialoge box in the upper right that gives you specifics, but I rarely found myself in a position to ponder details when I'm dropping my mission kit for another.  The way a gun lookcs, fits in your hand, and even the mag size is all trickle up designed with IW's gameplay in mind.I could say otherwise for IW's counterpart.This sounds like a circle-jerk CoD fanboy preaching to the choir, I'll admit that. But, to be fair, for the longest time I was one of the elitest tactical/competitive FPS players. I've spent a thousand hours in CSGO, rippin on scrubs to go play the♥♥♥♥♥♥tier COD FPS. I've rode on the Battlefield train since 1942 and wanted everything but success for the series. But unfortunately, it seems the train's been off the tracks since BF3. It feels that Battlefield is to be going through an identity crisis. Up until BF1, the singleplayer campaigns of the series were, at the least, enjoyable and uniquely battlefield. But now, when people think of Battlefield there seems to be a nebulous nature to the thought. What exactly IS Battlefield? It once was a full-spectrum modern war FPS but now it feels more like a poorly disguiesed history lesson. ""Aha! You're participating in trench warfare! Isn't it horrible?! WWI is totally hip and relevant! Look at all these famous people playing it! Respect history!""  Its like your highschool World History teacher who tries too hard to make you care. Herein is the problem. You can use Gordon Ramsey-class icing to dress a♥♥♥♥♥♥cake, but at its core its still a♥♥♥♥♥♥cake. Character-driven lone wolf stealth missions aren't battlefield. It never was. Why the hell is it 80% of the single player campaign? The other 20% is spent piloting a plane held together by engine grease and paper mache or on foot defending a tank made of glass. Battlefield 1 feels like Dice forcing its brand as ""bleeding-edge,"" ""different than CoD,"" ""I listen to P.O.S. not mainstream Drake. I'm edgy. So play me."" In such fervernt pursuit of being fresh, different, and innovative, Dice lost sight of what made Battlefield a success. It lost its core. It forgot what made Battlefield the ""mature-post-puberty FPS shooter.""BF1's single player was designed to make you feel small. Insignifcant, and alone, against a machine you aren't supposed to beat. One could say that the single-player had a Lovecraftian mood, ""Oy Player, our♥♥♥♥♥♥tank Betty just took a dump the size of a full-grown stag. Here's the plan: You're to go on a solo stealth mission to infiltrate the enemy occupied city down the hill, while the remaning 5 of us will have a jolly wank and spot of tea.  Take this iron-sighted bolt-aciton BB gun, 4 pellets, and a bayonet. Btw, by enemy, we mean Chutulu. Good Luck,♥♥♥♥♥♥"" You're kept on your toes throughout the soldier based ground missions, but for the wrong reason. You'll die, but you don't know why. You'll play by the rules, but it turns out, that isn't even fun. In the end you'll find a way to break the intended game constraints just to get the mission over with. Horseback solo stealth mission in the Arabian desert? Howbout, grab the light tank before the enemies spawn in? When the player's resolve is to beat the game and not enjoy it, the game no longer becomes fun. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing chore-challange. Overall, BF1's single player feels like a poorly disguied tutorial wrapped in poorly designed stealth puzzles meant to substitute true enaging gameplay.BF1 Single player: The poorly written manual from that off-brand thing you got off a shady Amazon Prime deal.But I digress.Infinite Warfare's singleplayer is a cinematic rollercoaster that's so thrilling, you'll hop back in line to ride it once more. Maybe another. CoD knows exactly what it is, and has no shame for it. Its balls to the wall, edge of your seat, white knuckle action. It doesn't teach you history. It doesn't tell you war is hell. It doesn't bloat itself with period-accurate deliberately unbalanced weaponry. What Infinate Warfare does, is something that other game companies can only dream of: Certainty. Its the certainty that every Call of Duty game will be exactly what it says it will be. You know exactly what you're dropping that $60-$75. Not some shill of period game. (Battlefield Vietnam/2142 flashbacks anyone?) IW is undoubtably Call of Duty. Its this infallable understanding of what I'm getting which makes IW deserving of praise. Not only does IW warfare deliver on its CoD single-player promise, it defies expectation.  IW's single-player is a tightly-placed and detailed sci-fi war opera that could only be pulled off by a team that buckled down on its success, embraced its core identity, and challlanged itself to do better. Through this, it defied expecations, disrupted the FPS genre meta, and converted a long time gamer who had his chips on the opposition. Need to feel like a badass after getting rekt in CSGO? Sell your skins and your well-worn safari-mesh butt plugs. Don't forget what gaming is about: time well spent. Lest we forget: Fun isn't found on a leaderboard.  Well done, Infinity Ward. Damn good job."
,Recommended,292730,30194655,Posted: 26 February,all,Ahmed,Am I the only one who likes this game?
76561197971770710,Not Recommended,292730,34095976,Posted: 7 August,all,*RvR* mR.rAPTOR,"Game is a joke, while i understand there is a vast number of combinations of systems, this is first game I]ve bought that won't run properly. Running an Windows 10 Prof. (X64)/FX-8350/GTX-1080 /32 GBs Ram, system. Starting prolog of video for game runs fine then game refuses to load first mission, and game simply stops running after being unableto load mission, even with safe mode, and trying different settings, same results occur.At this cost point of game this is unacceptable, why should one have to mess with clean boot features, or system settings to get game running, this is Actvision's  job in testing an removing bugs, not mine, last Actvision game I will buy! Sad as was looking forward to getting new Call of Duty WWII, sorry Actvision, but screw me once, shame on you, it won't happen a second time as you won't rake in any more $$ from me in the future, lack of updates in response to others with like problems show complelte lack of care and concern once the gamer's money is taken, to update and correct game issues.Bad to see such an extreme sad excuse of a developed game at this price point, and COD series."
76561197967061433,Not Recommended,292730,34095363,Posted: 7 August,all,Captain Ron,worst game ever.
,Not Recommended,292730,34613719,Posted: 30 August,all,-Roie-,"Bad game, bad colors, lag issues even when I have gtx 1060 and really same to COD BO 3Dont buy this game , buy black ops 3 instead"
76561198253583883,Recommended,292730,35145929,Posted: 22 September,all,Bunnybones,"This game is extremely underrated. Most people disliked it since the beginning for not being a boots on the ground game. But this game is filled with great and polished content.It still has its many problems, like the grinding (which has been there since the begining of multiplayer CoD), the matchmaking (it's quick, but it's hard to find a good lobby) and the season pass (which has also been in the last CoD games and will be i  CoD WWII). Most of the problems Infinite Warfare has are not because of the advanced movement system, but because of the Call of Duty formula. If you still like the Call of Duty formula, you should give it a try."
,Not Recommended,292730,30196700,Posted: 26 February,all,JeppeBoy,On par with CoD: Ghosts
,Not Recommended,292730,30209670,Posted: 26 February,all,Ouff,poop
,Not Recommended,292730,30188607,Posted: 25 February,all,MgK,It's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198122998045,Not Recommended,292730,28272924,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,holy-leo,"只想说一句，妈的服务器是个屎 啊屎啊屎啊，还是亚洲不友好，那干嘛出简中ONLY one thing i want to describe:The server is a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!Perhaps it s a♥♥♥♥♥♥because i m in Asia,then why provides simpfied Chinese"
76561198012328687,Not Recommended,292730,28279542,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,WaRPiG*5811™,This game is everything everyone hates about COD.. flopping hopping and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers.
76561198037368871,Not Recommended,292730,28285712,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Blue555,"Best thing about this game was the Sunny Genesis map.  It made a change from the many dark, night time, rat run mazes which are claustrophobic and depressing. But I couldn't find it in custom games and it stopped appearing in the multiplayer rota.  Now I hear it might come back, but at night time. That means a lot of depressing night time maze maps.  With a whole universe of wonderful sunny planets to imagine. They instead defaulted to some dark wolfenstein maze thing. My nat is set on Moderate and attempts to change it to open have failed. Installing is a pain and long wait for something called Shader load, which has to be gone through when ever anything changes or updates like graph card updates. There are plenty of modes but only enough players to power Team Death match, probably because it's first on the list. Recent updates seem to make game false starts more likely and you can expect about 5 before a game with various reasons given. Acutual game play can get a bit laggy when you need it most and maps are made so you will be shot in the back for the most part.  The Campaign game has you picking some part of the solar system to take on the enemy. Shooting a wave or robots  flying badly around a factory shooting the enemy. There was a part where the door should have opened but others character just looked around. So the whole mission had to be redone. After getting stuck, at geting shot too easy in some part you will give up the pain. For the price the infinite game should include the remastered game as well."
76561198163956670,Recommended,292730,28449111,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Philip Lynyrd,"A cool campaign, nice bots and guns"
,Not Recommended,292730,28456690,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CT,"Generic campaign and completely dead multiplayer. I was never even able to pair up with someone in zombies mode on launch week.  I waited in total for about 50 minutes. Also the multiplayer has no anti cheat...Just let it die, folks...."
,Not Recommended,292730,28009705,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CYB3RG33K,"The multiplayer and campaign suck ... I mean, they are terrible.The Pros:ZombiesThe Cons:Everything else.Zombies is literally the only reason i bought this game, and it's worth it if you dont have XB1."
76561198001736893,Recommended,292730,28127657,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[FAC]Gibbleguts,"At first I would have said to not buy. I even tried to get a refund and was turned down.I decided to get my moneys worth from the game and started playing more often, now my opinion has changed. I find the game actually pretty fun, more so than blops3 (which is a good game on it's own).I like the zombie map, it turned out to be more fun than expected.The Multiplayer is fast which took a bit of getting used to. The hackers suck. Yes there are many, but they havent turned me away yet! I just finish the match and find another lobby.All in all I would give it an honest 6/10. Dedicated servers would have brought my score up."
76561198146490677,Recommended,292730,28209645,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ライオンキング,Very good campaign
76561197972990104,Recommended,292730,28388720,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Biohazard,"Love the game, but it is way to short. So if you buy it be prepared for it to end quick, but you will enjoy the ride."
76561198212244497,Not Recommended,292730,34909900,Posted: 12 September,all,Billy1469,lol
,Not Recommended,292730,29524855,Posted: 27 January,all,Basil,Honestly my biggest regret of 2016.
76561197988219991,Not Recommended,292730,26434040,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sirpaller,"no matter what i try to do, start a match, campaign or change the settings. the game crashes, and it crashes steam along with it. bad port!"
,Recommended,292730,30228444,Posted: 27 February,all,Handy frumS,Call of Duty can't get any better.
76561198013978697,Recommended,292730,26576167,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Fellen,gg
76561198257358858,Not Recommended,292730,26608051,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,enVy,this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and i want a refund.
,Not Recommended,292730,26563156,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pendragon,This game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥I wrote a review for for it..
76561198114167127,Not Recommended,292730,26564125,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ListerFeend,"So, I was having fun with this, but I just ran into my first group of hackers. Reports online suggest there is absolutely no anti cheat anything in place for this game. From activision or from Valve. The multiplayer is interesting, though many of the mechanics seem pretty useless (IE ALL of the Lethal grenades are anything but, many of the Rig perks pretty much suck, etc) My biggest complaint is the lack of AC though."
76561198009932902,Not Recommended,292730,26570699,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Exitwound,Not even as good as BO3. Maybe next time?
76561198026047145,Not Recommended,292730,26562941,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SockPuppet,"Worse than prev versions, no value over bo3 (go play that and save $60), buggy, cant get games (esp w friends), more dependent on host than skill, no progression, an all around turd."
76561198122045147,Not Recommended,292730,26575906,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,EmrickX51,Few players! No one play with you! Bad network and server! Lagging! Cut off connection from host! Crash! Bad hardware optimization! Bad UI!
,Not Recommended,292730,30206628,Posted: 26 February,all,Sage2001,"I wouldn't dare give a single dime to the ässholes who made me suffer through over an HOUR AND A HALF of constant freezing and alt-tabbing bullshít.Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck this game. Imma play World at War.EDIT: Should I magically get this game for free, I'll give the review a little more depth but idk Ḟuck you cheating níggas at activision"
,Recommended,292730,31027437,Posted: 8 April,all,RICK,okay i am not a guy who just says DONT BUY THIS GAME PRESS F TO PAY RESPECTS im not that kind of person anyway infinity ward i understand them they had no choice they looked at advanced warfare and said hey this is kinda workin out few months later ok futuristic stuff is BAD and we cant just forget about all the hard work we put into this NOBODY WILL BUY OUR GAME then some guy at infinity ward said hey look and the last of us remastered that did pretty well how about we remaster cod4! and thats what they did anyway i think infinity ward did a good job on the campaign you really get to care about there characters just almost right at the start but multiplayer oh god look the multiplayer is CRAP i like the mechanics they put into it but...for me its just not fun to play so in short CAMPAIGN: 10/10 MULTIPLAYER 2/10 but lets not forget zombies. zombies is fun im not a very good zombies player but i can tell this is awesome so i give it 8/10 bechaus zombies just dosent fell perfect for me you know but anyway that was my review of cod infinite warfare and btw modern warfare remastered 10/10 perfect solid game
,Not Recommended,292730,30157281,Posted: 24 February,all,Clone303,nothing chance the muitlplayers is still boring as much but okey a bit better then last game i would say
,Not Recommended,292730,28816174,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ejbre,If you want to sell your game on here make sure there is cross platform gaming... why did I buy this and i couldnt even find one online match to play... WTF
,Not Recommended,292730,30155290,Posted: 24 February,all,bzawisza08,Couldn't connect to the game because my name had 8 characters too much. This might be the worst game on steam for 60 dollars.
,Not Recommended,292730,26416796,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Curotos,"I was so excited for both, I played the beta for IW and it was honestly pretty fun so I decided I would just pay the money and get both games. The first red flag was when the preload didnt actually install the games, but then I booted up MWR and was averaging 90fps and was having drops as low as 19. If you bought this for MWR either get it on console or wait til they fix it on here because its currently unplayable. As for IW in my opinion its still not a bad game its just my pc cant run it very well. Overall I would not reccommend this game, I myself am going to be refunding it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30218445,Posted: 27 February,all,Saary,"Another ""Gift"" From ""Infinity Ward"", Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Is probbly one of the worst cod games i have ever played.I do think it's better then AW / Ghost, But still, the movement sucks, the servers are bad, and poor optimization. (90 fps lock in 2k17.. really?)Honstly, i wouldn't buy this game even for 5$.Don't Buy It."
76561197998266429,Recommended,292730,33418876,Posted: 9 July,all,T_Neumann,"I never have and never will play COD Multiplayer. No interest. What I play these games for (though I skipped Black Ops 3) is for the single player campaign.And oh my goodness, WHAT a return to form this campaign is! I'd say it's my 2nd favourite of all time! (Behind COD 4,naturally)Edge of the seat gameplay, fun mechanics (nothing beats blowing  some Ajaks or destroyers)  genuinely competent team mate AI.. Likable characters... Long enough to enjoy without out staying it's welcome..Bravo Infinity Ward! An Absolutely stellar single player campaign!"
76561198084658860,Not Recommended,292730,28828758,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NoDeDont,ANOTHER TRASH COD JUST FOR THE MONEY THX DEVS DOING JUST FINE TAKING OUR MONEY DOING A GREAT JOB <3
,Not Recommended,292730,28825325,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DarkMeow | Kitty | RLTrader,it not a very good game the server dont work...
,Not Recommended,292730,28289375,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheOrginalSurfer,"To be honest i expected more about almost everything. Campaign was entertaining and well made but quite short compared to BO3 and AW. Multiplayer have few decent maps but theres none maps i really want to play every time. In my opinion Terminal doesnt play well with thruster jumps and wallrunnign. I havent yet started about hit detection. SOmetimes happens that i spray close range whole clip with many hitmarks but wont get kill. Pls make those bullets count. How about supplydrops and keys to open them? Just on multiplayer it takes ages to get one key and only good way to earn them is actually playing zombies what i dont mind. Also i miss domination to HC playlist and many others like hardpoint i cant enter on public playlists even they are avaible in custom games, why that? ALso whats wrong with lobbies? Sometimees i spend 20 minutes finding game and when it finds it and loads in it instantly stops and shows message: ""Unable to connect to HOST"" and after it does that it says: ""Game lobby closed"". And that happens few times. Time well spent?  MWR seems quite good but as theres 2 CoDs released this year i really cant decide which i really want to play. Was it worth spending 79,99€ to this? I dont think so."
,Recommended,292730,28300376,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[TROG]Druid.uk,im loving the zombies its slow starting but when you know where every thing is its a doddle but hard deffo keeps you on your toes
,Not Recommended,292730,28315620,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[BB] PanDA,sigh....im sorry i bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥! better off playing a 2d scroller game
76561198089847452,Not Recommended,292730,27038198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ghost_JU,so many problems and not alot of peaple playing either
,Not Recommended,292730,27053626,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eckysdee,"Game won't bloody run, MWR runs perfect, is that's good"
76561197979248082,Not Recommended,292730,27743649,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Unleashed,"Solid game I could enjoy, but has huge technical issues (netcoding and lag comp). Therefore no recommendation at the moment."
,Recommended,292730,28344296,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,T&A|OFCRfrndly,"I have been playing Call of Duty since the beginning, there's been great games (the original, obviously, Modern Warfare, Black Ops 2) and there's been some god-awful games (Ghosts and Advanced Warfare). This game is actually pretty decent, it may not raise to the level of greatness like Modern Warfare or BLOPS 2 but its enjoyable and keeps me coming back for more despite it's downfalls.While I haven't finished the single-player campaign (I'm more of a multiplayer gamer now-a-days), what I have played is thoroughly enjoyable but it would have been nice if they had incorporated cooperative gameplay in (even if it was only with one other player).I enjoy the Zombies mode, it adds a nice change of pace and lets you play something cooperatively with friends, they didn't change the formula too much from the previous games but just enough to where it didn't feel like the same exact thing as the others. My biggest complaint with this mode is it takes friggin' forever to level up weapons.Multiplayer is enjoyable. It's the normal fast-paced run and gun gameplay that we all know and love from Call of Duty. The movement system feels right. It's not too slow and not too fast and the added movements (double-jump, wallrunning, etc etc) don't feel forced. The maps are well designed and being able to play on terminal once again is amazing. The weapons seemed balanced and the quartermaster upgrades offer nice additions but don't offer any absurd advantages over someone using a stock weapon.I have three big complaints about the multiplayer. The first being the player base, there's just not enough people playing the game but I understand. PC gamers are tired of getting screwed by Activision over this series. The second is that there are no dedicated servers, at all. I realize that seeing a server browser with custom servers probably isn't going to happen in Call of Duty again (maybe in a Treyarch CoD, since those devs actually seem to like us) but the fact that they're using peer-to-peer connections is ridiculous. It clearly gives the host player an advantage, on several occasions I've noticed shots not registering on a certain player. The third ridiculous thing that they (Infinity Ward and Activision) decided to not do for this game is to include any type of active anti-cheat measures, no VAC, no Punkbuster, no Fairfight, no Battleeye, nothing. I have little doubt that #2 and #3 are the responsible for #1.If Infinity Ward will fix those two problems, I think this game would probably be one of the better releases in recent years.Despite its flaws though, I still enjoy the game and still can recommend it to other players."
,Recommended,292730,27113891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tew,It's pretty good. Multiplayer is dead though.
,Recommended,292730,27770522,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Atlas♤ (Skylar),https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjUqUVrXclE
76561198090462537,Not Recommended,292730,27924878,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Oscar Gunter,"Cod is dead!!!! Dont waste your money obn this game, i refunded after 20 min."
,Not Recommended,292730,28233561,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,✮ JÓISPÓI24 ✮ | Live @Twitch,no
,Recommended,292730,28307403,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cattheripper™,ถือว่าเป็นเกมที่กระแสแรง(ด้านลบ)ตั้งแต่เกมยังไม่ออกเลยทีเดียว อันเนื่องมาจากการเปลี่ยนธีมที่หลุดออกนอกอวกาศเลยทีเดียว บอกตามตรงแรกๆ ก็ชักหวั่นว่าตัวเกมจะออกมาดีไหม จะมีปัญหา จุกจิก เรื่องการพอท อีกไหม แต่เมื่อตัวเกมออกและได้เล่น เนื้อเรื่องจนจบ บอกเลยว่า ไม่ผิดหวัง บางคนอาจมองว่า ทำไมตัวเกมหลุดออกนอกอวกาศ แต่ เพราะการหลุดออกนอกอวกาศของภาคนี้ ทำให้มีเนื้อหาใหม่ๆ ที่ไม่ใช้แค่ตามล่าผู้ก่อการร้ายบนพื้นดิน แต่ ตามล่ากันในอวกาศ มีมิซซั่น ยิบย่อยให้ทำ การขับเครื่องบินไล่ยิงทำได้ดี สนุกกว่าที่ผ่านๆมา ถ้าลองคิดเล่นๆ ทีมงานทำ Ghost 2 แทน Infinite Warfare บอกเลยว่า คงน่าเบื่อกว่าที่จะยึดติดกับอะไรเดิมๆ โดยไม่คิดอะไรใหม่ๆ ถือว่าการออกนอกอวกาศครั้งนี้ตัดสินใจถูกแล้วด้านเนื้อเรื่อง [ดีมาก] ออกมาตามแบบฉบับ คอล ออฟ ดิ้วตี้ ที่ใครๆก็รู้ว่า เน้นจุดนี้มาก แม้หลายอย่างจะสามารถเดาทางได้ แต่ ไม่ต้องห่วงว่าจะไม่มีอะไรตื่นตา ในภาคนี้จะได้เจอฉากใหม่ๆอลังการ ระเบิด หรือ ของเล่นใหม่ๆ การดำเนินเรื่องเหมือนได้ดูหนังเรื่องหนึ่งด้านเสียง [ดี] เสียงปืนซีรีย์นี้เริ่มพัฒนามาได้ดีตั้งแต่ ซีรีย์ Ghost ที่เริ่มมีความหนักแน่น ให้เห็น แม้จะมีหลายคน อคติ บอกก๊องแก๊ง แต่ถ้ามองโดยรวม ถือว่าดีกว่าเกมยิงโดยทั่วไปอยู่แล้ว ไม่นับ ซีรีย์คู่แข่งที่ทำเสียงออกมาดีมาก เสียงรายละเอียดต่างๆทำออกมาดีด้านกราฟฟิค [ดีมาก] เป็นสิ่งที่กลัวที่สุดของซีรีย์นี้คือการพอทมาแบบลวกๆ ซึ่งตอนเล่นครั้งแรกมีอาการ สกรีน ฟรีซ หรือพูดคร่าวๆ คือ เฟรมเรทสูง แต่มีจังหวะชะงัก ให้เสียอารมณ์ แต่พอเล่นไปได้ระดันหนึ่งอาการจะหายไป เอนจิ้น ยังคงซดทรัพยากรไปเต็มที่ ชนิดที่กินทุกอย่างที่มี ไม่ว่าจะเป็น Ram Vram พี่แกซดจนเกม BF1 ยังอาย แต่ก็ไม่เป็นปัญหาอะไร เพราะมันก็จะกินตามที่เรามีมีน้อยก็กินเกลี้ยง มีมากก็กินเกลี้ยง ไม่ต่างกัน แต่ภาพที่ได้ สวยงาม แสงเงา จัดเต็ม  จนแทบไม่มีคำว่า ซีรีย์นี้ภาพกาก อีกแล้ว หลังจากที่ผ่านมาจุดนี้โดนโจมตีบ่อยมัลติเพลเยอร์ [ปรับปรุง] นี้คงเป็นจุดเดียว ที่บอกได้ว่าน่าผิดหวัง ตัวเกมขาดสมดุลอย่างมาก และเน้นเกมเร็วจนขาดความสนุก อารมณ์ที่เล่นคือนี้ใช้ คอล ออฟ ดิ้วตี้ หรอ มันแปลกๆ ไม่ได้หมายถึง แปลกที่ มันเป็น อวกาศอะไร แต่แปลกที่ระบบ ต่างๆ เช่นการมีขีด HP เวลายิง เกมพยายามใส่ อาวุธพิเศษเข้ามาแบบ แบลคออฟ 3 แต่หลายอย่างดูไร้ความจำเป็นมาก และหลายอย่างก็โกงมากๆ บวกกับการมาแพคคู่กับ โมเดิรน วอแฟร์ รีมาสเตอร์ ทำให้ หลายคนเข้าไปหวด ตัวรีมาสเตอร์มากกว่า เพราะได้กลิ่นอายภาคเดิมๆ และถูกใจคนที่ไม่ชอบ การสู้แบบ ปีนปาย กระโดดสับ ได้ดี (ผมก็เป็นหนึ่งในนั้น)สรุป การมาของ ภาคตะลุยอวกาศ นี้ ถือว่า สวนกระแสด้านลบเลยทีเดียว ซึ่งจริงๆ หลายคนก็คงทราบดีอยู่แล้ว ว่าเกมออกมาดีแน่นอน แต่ด้วยความอนุรักษ์นิยม ประมาณ เห้ย ขอเป็นหน่วยซีล เดินป่า ตามล่า ผู้ก่อการร้าย ได้ไหม ตรูไม่อยากไปอวกาศ ก็เลยอคติไปหน่อย และดูท่าทางผู้พัฒนา ก็คงรู้จุดนี้ดีจึงออก ภาครีมาสเตอร์มาล่อด้วย (รึเปล่า) ก็ทำให้คนที่อยากเล่นตัวรีมาสเตอร์ซื้อ แต่เชื่อว่า พอได้ลองเล่น ภาค ตะลุยอวกาศ ก็คงอุทานในใจว่า มันไม่ได้เลวร้ายเลยนี้หว่า ดังคำกล่าวที่ว่า ช้างตายทั้งตัว เอาใบบัวปิดไม่ชิด ไม่ช่ายยละ ดังคำกล่าวที่ว่า สิ่งที่เรากลัว ไม่ใช้การทำอะไรเดิม แต่เป็น การขาดอะไรใหม่ๆ มากกว่า
,Not Recommended,292730,28310177,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aratheos,"I've loved the COD franchise for years and this is the first time I can recall feeling very disappointed in what I received. Besides the fact that the futuristic warfare setting is played out, the gameplay just didn't feel as fun as it used to be."
76561198300290090,Not Recommended,292730,28087325,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dr. Spreadem,i checked my libary played it for 2 hours checked if i can get it refunded it said i had 3 hours of playtime
76561197970516713,Not Recommended,292730,28267321,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BDA26E,"Horrible, worst cod ever"
,Not Recommended,292730,28334239,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Benji_-Grimshaw,it keeps crashing when it is updating something
,Recommended,292730,28503871,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nathan021000,It ok but needs fixing I think they ruined it with all the flying♥♥♥♥♥♥! Just need to stop that
,Recommended,292730,26942468,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eduardo plays coolmathgames.com,I Dont like multiplayer to much but zombies in spaceland is really fun if you like zombies consider buying it
76561198339800822,Not Recommended,292730,27089868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Devine,hardly works
76561198134011555,Not Recommended,292730,27748357,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ownu411fe,is there anyway to get ur money back ?
76561198163697013,Not Recommended,292730,28143725,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Magnat28,"Gra jest droga, ma błędy, i nawet na dobrym sprzęcie wywala błąd directx. Załuje że wydałem 60 euro na nią.Not recommend this game because has lot bugs, it's overpriced have problems with directx on good rigs.First turn on take too long.Thing it's my last Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,292730,28194718,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,❤ Emilio ❤,"~Infinite Warfare~I love this game, it truely is an amazing game. From gameplay to UI, and gamemodes (zombies included), it's just a fun experience. But... There are no players, the playerbase is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the only mode you'll be able to get into is TDM, no hardcore, no gun-game, no domination. It's only TDM, and that's because the playerbase isn't there.~Modern Warfare: Remastered~This is also just an amazing game; if you played the original, it's the exact same game, same maps, same guns. It's almost perfect. Almost. Like IW, it has the same problems, but it's worse, there are evel less players, meaning you will soley play TDM, and nothing else. If you want to try to play any other gamemode then you're just going to sit in an empty lobby until the end of time. Not to mention it's really unoptimised, having two 1070's and still getting less that 50fps on low settings? What the ♥♥♥♥? I'm playing on 1080p with every single setting set to the lowest it can possibly be, and yet it stutters and drops frames every few seconds.~Conclution~If you're going to buy this game, get it on console. Call of Duty, the entirety of the franchise, is just better on the XBOX or PS4. Not because it plays better, the keyboard and mouse are always going to be more precise and fluid, but there's millions of people playing, and you can play both of these games how they're meant to be played. Maybe it's gonig to be fixed in the future, but for now... It's not worth the $80 it costs to get the two on PC."
,Not Recommended,292730,28220051,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ImBaGoDz,"It took me 30 min to join in a multiplayer & end up it pop up ""unable to estable a link"" WTF is this.. it's been happening over and over again !!!! COD is getting bad at their network... Seriously after years of years and i notice COD is getting worst, especially when it come into multiplayer connection. My network work find in BF1 & Titanfall 2. I super regreted to buy this game !!!!"
,Recommended,292730,28222990,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,A L I E N™,"Az űrben senki sem hallja majd a sikolyodA legújabb Call of Duty követi a trendet,és az űrbe kalauzolja el a playert.""Űr,Ó te Messzi messzi""Kampány.Multi.Zombik.Az esetek többségében az űrben fogunk harcolni a kampányrésszel ami olyan 8+ egynéhány órát tesz ki (mint egy alap CoD) A multiplayer java része is ittjátszódik mint ahogy az lenni szokott.A pályák szépen kidolgozottak,sőt az MW2 remasterizált Terminál is nagyot üt.""Szóval a legújabb COD olyan mint egy Warframe"" (vnorberto065)Igaza volt voltaképp max annyiban hogy 'Salvage'k  gyűjtésével egy jobb fegyvervariánst kraftolhatunk -igen WarframeEzeket a 30-as láda fogja dobni,és változó mennyiségű lehet.Kék láda egyszerűség kedvéért.Vagyis inkább a normál láda kártyát,célzót ruhát a kék láda az esetek többségében rare vagy jobb fegyvervariánst ad aminek van 1-2 tulajdonsága mint pl.: 25 ölésért atomot dob a pályára.Ezek mondjuk jók,de nagyon nehéz 25-öt ölni hogy meg nem halsz hacsak nem csalszAz gránátok és egyéb eszközök is inkább valami modern scifire hasonlítanak mintsem egy II.világháborúra.A fekete lyuk generátor például jópofa.A többi eszköz mint pl a dobókés most nemcsak dobó,de egyben robbanó is.Jók ezek bár ha semmi hasznuk sincs mondjuk van 1-2 jó de a többi fölösnek érzem.Most az hogy a gránátot dobom vagy repítem szerintem tökmindegy sebezzen azt kész.A lehívható eszközök között is akad jónáhány ami érdekes de nagyrészük drága és lehívni lehetetlen hacsak nem csalsz valahogy.Ami használható a Dróndoboz,A T.H.O.R. és a Wardenre keresztelt légijármű a többi hülyeségnek tartom.A Mission Teamek a kampányból átvett csapatok akiket szintenként unlockolhatunk,és körönként adnak egy kihívást aminek teljesítéséért szintet lép az egységünk -OMG 0oRiget nekem de azonnyombanA rigek azok a karakterek akiket szintenként unlockolhatunk,és van 1-2 tulajdonságuk.Az egység szintenként dob ruhát,sisakot hozzá.A fegyverek is inkább valami modern scifire hajaznak,mintha ez valami III.világháború lenne.Assault,SMG,LMG, satöbbi energia formátumban.Mondjuk a Classic kategóriás Garandot bírtam az valami isteniZombik- maradj lent fel sem kelj ( A L I E N™  Dying Light)Egy űrvidámparkban harcolunk az élőhalottak ellen négy egyetemista valamelyikével.A harcunkat segítik különféle eszközök és kraftolható eszközök ez mind a 80-as években.Az easter egg piszoknehéz 3 órás kaland ufókkal is.Új,Év Új CoD-tartja a mondás  jó ez a scifi lövölde de csak énérzem hogy ebből 26. már kicsit unalmas.Csak annak ajánlom aki szereti a Codot másnak nem csapatban jó tolni a többi hasznavehetetlen gyök meg már unalmas.Én codon nőttem fel és ez ígyvan rendjén de ami már végképp hülyeség  hogy a ládákat kulcsért nyithatjuk és nem körönként vagy ölésért adja.Kulcsot kör végén ad csak.Ráadásul a normál láda csak kártyát meg ikont vág a fejedhez,a kéket nyissátok az értelmesebbet dob.Aki tudja a CoD csak ideig óráig foglal le valakit-mint pl engem ha ráunom  a multit ott a zombi vagy a kampány de az mellékes legalábbis számomraA Co-Op részleget hiányolom belőle,meg a védelmi rendszert a CoD védelme egy Windows tűzfaléval egyenlő nemigaz hogy nemcsinálnak valamit és minden évben ez megyKössz hogy benéztél"
,Recommended,292730,28223354,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Agentevil,"If you like call of duty black ops 3 youd probably like this game, its more of the same game with new maps and new features. Is it the best game or most innovative in the series defently not. I personally wouldnt pick this up without getting MWR, Thats where the valuie is."
76561198354000463,Not Recommended,292730,30187657,Posted: 25 February,all,sebthepleb|YT|,"I played the Free weekend and after one match i uninstalled it... this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥even Advanced Warefare is better, And the menus are so bad... Do not buy this game!"
,Recommended,292730,29323809,Posted: 17 January,all,rainpants ☭,"single player is good, maybe a little bit short but it's interesting and its got Jon Snow in it.multiplayer is actually quite fun, the movement is interesting and keeps things fresh.Would probably get it when it's on sale but it's good"
,Recommended,292730,30232068,Posted: 27 February,all,TheWalkingCarpet,"Let me get one thing straight I Have not finished this game nor am i giving it a recommendation for it's multiplayer. The singleplayer is the best part of this game and is, in fact, pretty good I particularly enjoy the flying segments (which to be perfectly honest happen in basically every level) but then thats just me. If you prefer boots-on-the-ground run and gunning then there's plenty of that too and the singleplayer is definetly worth a play. With fun mechanics and an action packed almost movie like story and set pieces it makes for a fun time.The multiplayer however i cannot say anything good or bad as I haven't played a single. Bloody. Match. Because i can't connect to one. I checked my inernet and everything was fine, even played Battlefield 1's  multiplayer and everything went smoothly. Came back to this, found a lobby, game starts...lost connection to host. Now i know this has happened to a lot of other people, you just have to do a google search to find that out, and in that search you'll find activision staff all saying the same thing, ""We're trying to fix it, honest"".But with no connection in sight it made for a good excuse to jump back into the story. And tell me how in zombies on solo I lose connection to myself, the host. All in All the time i've spent playing the game has been fun and i don't knock the games story for a second (and frankly it's the best bit of acting i've ever seen Kit Harrington do I mean did you see Spooks). Despite it's flaws CoD IW is good game and worth your time. But if you want to pick it up do it in a sale.UPDATE: I finally got into a multiplayer match. And as you can probably tell from the lack of all caps it's not worth celebrating. Even though CoD hasn't had good multiplayer since MW3 I keep getting drawn to it and as it draws ever closer to being a complete rip off of Titanfall I don't know why I keep expecting it to be different. For example: The guns you only use to level up just so you can get the weapons with the best hip fire accuracy ( becuase let's face it trying to aim with one of the standard guns is like trying to control a trolly with a botched wheel), the jump pack that was added in AW and was garbage but somehow managed to get worse even after AW and BLOPS III had plenty of time to figure it out, and specials you hit the button to use, run round the corner ready to kick butt then get shot by a camper with a sniper rifle. And as my experience (and i use that word loosely as most of it was lying face down in the dirt after some bloke shanked me in the back with a combat knife) was only two games worth that was really all i needed to realise that, as per usual, nothing was different.I suppose CoD's multiplayer will never change and will forevermore be awful. Now this isn't going to change my previous opinioin on the game but will continue to make me annoyed that i paid £19.99 for one actually playable part of the game that's only really worth a tenner."
76561197981358465,Not Recommended,292730,33987077,Posted: 3 August,all,Maggot,"Until they fix the issue with some Antivrus programs preventing one from getting past the initial loading screen for the Campaign, I am unable to play and cannot recommend this game. Even temporarily disabling my Antivirus doesn't work most of the time. Why should the singleplayer component of a game rely so heavily on internet anyway? I understand it has DRM, but for pity's sake...The one time I was able to get it to work I played part of the 1st mission and I was actually really into it. I have a feeling it is a better game than many people are saying, though I wouldn't know. I liked COD: Ghosts and the space parts in that.Anyway, I understand and appreciate that making video games these days is incredibly expensive, time consuming and requires a ton of hard work. But optimization is very important, even if it is post-launch. Until there is a patch fixing this, thumbs down, because I spent a fair amount of money for basically the first 10-15 minutes of the campaign, the one time I was able to play it."
76561198110846273,Not Recommended,292730,26450298,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cosmic,"*This is a review for Modern Warfare Remastered, not Infinite Warfare.Amazing remake of an amazing game, but with an extra addition: intense lag. I have a six-core, 4.5 star graphics card computer, and this game lags hardcore. I know this is kind of an issue for other people too, but that's why I'm not going to return it, since I know this will be fixed soon. For the small amount of time I had to play without the game having lag was really fun, but at it's current state, this game is practically unplayable.Infinite Warfare is good though."
76561197973793121,Not Recommended,292730,26592790,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,=iS= DiDaDo,"MODERN WARFARE REMASTER MP:(That weird space game i needed to install for reviewing this MW-remaster)GAMEPLAY: Smoothness totally gone. Doesn't feel the same any more.They changed some button configuration (for me).SOUND: ... they needed to touch it..GRAPHICS: GTX1080 bad FPS in the MP, original Cod4 has even better graphics at FULL HD..""Activision"": They use our good CoD4 feelings to pay extra for this remake.Oh and thank you Steam support for not paying me my money back. (14 days is a lie)Over 2 hours i was busy configurating the Graphic settings.."
76561198206760563,Not Recommended,292730,26563545,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,OvechKen,Bought the 100$ version and both games have so many problems and nothing has been fixed yet so a week later i am still unabale to play COD 4 remastered for some reason and now my IW just puts me on a black screen everytime the game starts
,Not Recommended,292730,34767381,Posted: 5 September,all,Telaneo,"Bought this game purely to get Modern Warfare: Remastered, which didn't turn out to be good and later got released as a stand-alone game. Not worth it."
,Recommended,292730,30209984,Posted: 26 February,all,XenoAisam★,"the reason i almost bought all Call Of Duty series not because multiplayer. Its because the single-player campaign!!Its packed full of action! I like the story they brought although kinda like cliche every time, but the action are kinda refreshing~!Well you need decent graphic card to enjoy this fast pace action game without lagging :)Right now enjoying it! ""Call Of Duty : Infinite Warfare"", kinda love the mission where you board the enemy battle cruiser, shutting down the defense and get out to let your allies battle cruiser destroying it :)So far if you see negative rating mostly on new COD games, not because its campaign.. its just people hated! They hated on technical issues mostly on ""MULTIPLAYER"" ! and some bugs because their pc can't handle it.. come on haters! stop whining"
,Recommended,292730,28561662,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sabmerk,Campaign is really fun.Zombies is really fun.Multiplayer is trash.Buy this game on sale
76561197970702961,Not Recommended,292730,31198181,Posted: 17 April,all,{DHC} HaDiNuFF,worst cod ever played for two hours never again. uninstalled
,Not Recommended,292730,26418533,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,KISS MY AIMBOT,"bc itni tatti game hai yeh ,ilkul mazaa nahi aata lag sey hari padi hai ,bekaar pc port hai is game ka ,slutter hoti hai game,india sey khelna bekaar hai ,10 ghantey kheli meiney yeh game aur merko ilkul mazaa nahi aaya toh mey toh yeh game recommnd nahi karunga ,agar raven koi patch nikalti hai lag aur dps key liye to yeh game aot badiya ho sakti hai . xD"
76561198164260919,Not Recommended,292730,26424246,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Some_Guy,"Poorly optimized for both IW and MWR, also it takes forever to get into a lobby for IW so about 1 of my 3 hours played is waiting, zombies is fun but nothing amazing about it that i have seen, i would buy MWR and zombies seperately but untill that day lets hope i can get a refund with 3 hours on this game"
,Not Recommended,292730,28662142,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,.::Immortal::.,This game is awful and also it is restricted for bunch of regions for some unknown reasons  and i live in one of them ... if u wanna buy something cool buy bf1 u wont regret ....
,Recommended,292730,34924831,Posted: 13 September,all,Persephone,"Besides the multiplayer, campaign and zombie mode aren't that bad to be honest."
76561198040415787,Not Recommended,292730,32171480,Posted: 4 June,all,❤OniiChan❤,"Over powered variants of weapons, over reliance on RNG loot boxes, tons of grinding for salvage, getting melted instantly. It has everything I ever wanted in a Cal of Duty game!"
,Not Recommended,292730,28546531,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Savicious,"*** Gameplay ***Horrible. Boring. Repetitive.*** Visuals ***Stale. Uninspiring. Certainly not next gen worthy.*** Story ***Abrasive and difficult to stomach. Binary characterizations and dull narrative.*** OVERALL ***GAME CRASHES CONSTANTLY ON A i7, DUAL TITAN, and WATER COOLED rig. I can't even finish the game it crashes... so much."
76561197985536136,Not Recommended,292730,30198959,Posted: 26 February,all,Typhus,50GB of waste
76561198091754726,Not Recommended,292730,26441085,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,IIIDamienIII,I returned it after playing for an hour.
76561197976121472,Not Recommended,292730,27009868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HardAzRockz,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░Call Of Dookie IW▄▀░░░
,Not Recommended,292730,30223201,Posted: 27 February,all,Nick Ger,This game is the equivalent to aids. I literally downloaded and played just above an hour of actual gameplay (Excluding trying to get into a game) THEN GOT A VAC BAN :( WHY STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING GAME I DID NOTHING
76561198005614635,Not Recommended,292730,31681741,Posted: 11 May,all,mkhsm,"Playing this game is like watching one of those banal Hollywood SF movies; made with♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of money hence sound & visiaul are both great, but story is so predictable that it makes you pity the poor souls who were had to write the scenario.Really not worth the price. If you feel like spend some money for no particular reason, here is my recommendation;https://donate.unicef.org/donate/now"
76561198007496049,Recommended,292730,32086108,Posted: 31 May,all,glider1,"This game has really tough campaign, awesome! Beautiful! Thrilling! I don’t understand these low ratings. Because of the Multiplayer? F*** it! Tremendous game!"
76561198036240209,Not Recommended,292730,26418648,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LimpDisc,Infinite Warfare? Might as well play Titanfall 2 with the Titan drop.Probably refund the game too. Only bought it for the COD4 Remastered. Not worth $100 for that old game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26422890,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,niner4life8,I have an i7 6700K CPU and an Asus 980ti Strix OC GPU. This game runs like absolute crap. Capped at 91fps but that doesn't really matter since it normally runs around 45fps.  Stutters constantly. The COD 4 Remaster is the same exact way. At this point in time the multiplayer on both games is unplayable.Cons:1. Currently unplayble do to stuttering2. No combat record3. Menus are not as nice as Black Ops III4. Very little number of weapons. There are only 5 assualt weapons . Matter of fact each class has a max of 5 weapons for like 20 weapons total.5. Can not customize emblems right know as for some reason they have it locked at releaseIf you showed me video if this game being played I would think it was Black Ops III being played on DLC maps.
,Not Recommended,292730,26411260,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RC,"Nothing new here, move along. Back to BF1. It's more interesting."
76561198077434983,Not Recommended,292730,26482033,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mia malkova,It took me 2 hours to install.It took me 10 seconds to uninstall.
,Not Recommended,292730,30195594,Posted: 26 February,all,Brother Flintwood,"Tried it on the free weekend, felt sorry for the people who actually paid for it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30157459,Posted: 24 February,all,Timis | Scratch.gg,"The only reason this is available on steam is to make a little extra money.I got this game on the 2 days that it is free and this is basically my experience:Download this game that takes a few hours.Open the game.Find out it needs to restart to play Muiltiplayer?I restart. Crashes.Finally make it to the main menu.Go to Muiltiplayer and everything is locked.Thought that it's only free for campaign, but nope! Everything is just completely locked.Even though its ""free"" for 2 days. Did they just completely give up on the PC community?These idiots can't even figure out how to make it free with an ability to actually play.Please don't give these cash loving♥♥♥♥♥♥developers your hard earned money. They don't deserve it."
76561198268149725,Not Recommended,292730,28930260,Posted: 1 January,all,section429,booooo
,Not Recommended,292730,30128360,Posted: 23 February,all,Calibar,What the heck is this? Infinite Crap
76561198300253603,Not Recommended,292730,29474392,Posted: 24 January,all,👻SALTY_DASHY👻,Remastered is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.90% campers with snipers lol Zombies only good modeThere is two players named newbreed and overtone that wall hack like crazy 4 months off there bs and nothing done ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198045119032,Not Recommended,292730,30324215,Posted: 4 March,all,navras.dubstep,great online gameplay in multiplayer and zombies (allthough around half my game time is in zombies lobby) campaign was unintresting but not bad.very disapointed to not be flying the little space ships online and having space battles. :(uninstalled after waiting around for the first dlc only to find out its not sold outside of the season pass package - theres also in game currency purchased through steam and together this feels like a poorly sold game squeezing its small loyal audiance for all they have. I dont know what the next cod game will be but this will definatly impact my decision to get it.
,Not Recommended,292730,26412527,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ayam XII,"Infinite Refund is designed to make me instantly regret leaving Battlefield 1.  Modern Warfare Remastered reminded me that rose tinted goggles masked such a basic run and gun experience.  Why did I purchase this?  Maybe for views on YouTube but even the attention-seeking YouTuber in me slapped me across the face and screamed, ""GET MAH MONEY BACK BOY!"", ending the exclamation with a killer glare that would wither Medusa in a staring contest.  Now watch me play BattleField 1 on YouTube while I scrabble on all fours to get my CoD money back from the cracks in Steam's pavement.In the first 15 minutes of play I had been sworn at 3 times, I was up at the early hours of the morning to try this and am now groggy and feeling crap for work and the Infinite Warfare commander talking at me with superficial and annoying authority made me ready to sneak out of barracks and desert the Activision army.  These 2 points more than anything: (1) the look and sound of this game pale massively in comparison to Battlefield 1 which spoils me with its audiovisual treats (2) this is running and gunning without enough complexity.  Now give me my money back and we'll speak no more of this sordid affair."
76561198066288046,Not Recommended,292730,26513872,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nateson,"*This review is based only on the multiplayer experience* I have put hundreds of hours into PC call of duty over the years. I can safely say that this launch has been the most unsuccessful based on the amount of players in game, and how many aimhackers I have encountered. we are 1 week into launch and I can only find domination and team deathmatch. Domination is already kind of hard to find though:/ I rarely have found aimhackers in the other call of duty games that I have put hundreds of hours into- in the past few days I've been finding multiple daily. The game is not bad at all- but the experience I've had leaves me to only leave a negative review. I love this franchise and want it to be great- but please save the money because this game is dying faster than usual compared to the launch of it's predecessors"
76561198033844010,Not Recommended,292730,26420503,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pantherdre,"I really hate to write a negative review on a CoD title. However, I really cannot believe that they gave us this game in such a state:- no splitscreen! I mean come on already! There are people who would like to play with buddies on the couch!- Cartoonish zombie mode which takes the suspense out of everything- Lackluster weapons- Why can´t they just make a war game like they used to?That being said, it is nice to see that the hit detection actually works, and that the game is more controller friendly.  However, it is a shame that we cannot play this game with friends who happen to be in the same room.  I really don´t understand what the deal with that is.The zombie mode is definitely different.  However one doesn´t get the same sense of urgency as one would when playing any of the maps that Treyarch has released.Multiplayer is ok.  It would have been nice though if they had kept in kill confirmed, which was a favorite of mine.I haven´t noticed anything wrong with the performance.  I have the game set on the highest settings and it runs smoothly.  I guess I am one of the lucky ones.Modern Warfare Remasterd brings back some nostalgia, but once again the lack of local multiplayer and online splitscreen play is a killer.If IW adds local and splitscreen functionality and add more suspense laden zombie maps, then I would give the game 3 out of 4 stars.  However, as it is now I can only give it 1.5 - 2 at best.  While the game is playable and I am interested to see how what the story mode and future maps are like, I will keep the game.  Let´s see what happens in the future. Maybe I will end up changing my recommendation ;)"
76561198098325502,Not Recommended,292730,30206690,Posted: 26 February,all,memeZ_are_dreamZ,dont play this game rather play minecraft
,Not Recommended,292730,33468089,Posted: 11 July,all,Creeperya,nobody plays multiplayer
,Not Recommended,292730,34406488,Posted: 21 August,all,👻 Spooky T4zZ3r™ 👻,"Enjoying my .a.s.s. 4fps every 5 Minutes in Zombies, 11/10"
76561198153726590,Not Recommended,292730,33906199,Posted: 30 July,all,Maczo3k  hellcase.com,It sometimes is fun but i bought it for MW remastered and that is way better than this.
,Not Recommended,292730,30164722,Posted: 25 February,all,Slithernix Fantasy,"I don't know why, but apparently I cannot play at all. not even solo. it says ""status: burgundia"" all the time. I waited almost a day to download the game now that it is free for testing, and I can't even play it. this is a proper joke-troll. wasted my time here..."
76561198039498962,Not Recommended,292730,30164780,Posted: 25 February,all,ScrapZiLLa,"Awful experience. First game after installing the game, a user name Naomi was clearly using an aim bot. Instantly uninstalling."
,Recommended,292730,35396115,Posted: 1 October,all,Drexel,lol im not a cod fan so i will recommend
76561198202265773,Not Recommended,292730,30384889,Posted: 7 March,all,JINXY93,"one word. Terrible.had taken a break from multiplayer gamers like Call of duty due to the slight addictive nature, and me workingall the hours god sends, purchased this and am highly disapointed. the entire franchise has taken a massive downturnand the developers seem to just be after our money and adding unorginal content to the game.Call of Duty has lost all of it's identity and become frankensteins monster of a game.0/10 Do not buy. Do not even entertain purchasing this travesty of a release."
76561198117710889,Not Recommended,292730,28084704,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheRealFoxAlbertYT,Worst cod in all i played. Not so good graphics. waited for 30 min for a multiplayer match
,Not Recommended,292730,30156532,Posted: 24 February,all,not a girl,"game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my 980ti, Couldn't spawn without getting hit with grenades.downloaded this to play zombies, doesn't even let me do that. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26431439,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Olly,just a dreadful port
76561198137885968,Not Recommended,292730,30126569,Posted: 23 February,all,Tystro,"so how do i start this.AIDS, CANCER AND EBOLA COMBINED!I BOUGHT THIS JEBANY GAME FOR 60 EURO AND I CANT EVEN START A GAME.yes, i can start the game but the only thing i can see IS A JEBANY BLACKSCREEN.sooo then i search up the problem on the web, and they say that i should uninstall my anti-virus.i do that and guess what... NOTHING JEBANY HELPED!SO I JUST WASTED MY MONEY, MY TIME AND MY ENERGY ON THIS ANGER.oh so i hope this get in top SO PEOPLE DONT HAVE TO DO THE SAME AS ME.GG R.I.P COD 2003-2016 or even earlier lol"
,Not Recommended,292730,30181779,Posted: 25 February,all,Dobby,Garbage
76561198099776923,Not Recommended,292730,30162024,Posted: 25 February,all,He Who Likes Cookies,"Note: I played the multiplayer during the free weekend so that's the only game part I'll be talking about in this review.TL;DR: The multiplayer suffers from many issues, and that's before you bring in the stale and boring gameplay. Unless you're a COD fan looking to buy this game on a discount, stay away.90% of my time played was unsuccessfully trying to find a match until finally I learned from the COD forums that you can't play online if your name is longer than 15 characters. Ridiculous.Even after I changed the name I found myself waiting a lot of time before finding a match and sometimes seeing players I've already played with.The gameplay is nothing special (outclassed by battlefield 1) and if you've played previous futuristic CODs then there's nothing new for you. That said, there were some fun moments, there's still COD gameplay in this, but those fun moments were a few bright spots in an otherwise very disappointing gameplay experience.The graphics are decent but if you don't have enough video memory then some settings will just be reduced without asking (That was the case with my 3.5+""0.5"" GB GTX 970).From what I heard the campaign and zombies fared somewhat better than the multiplayer so I wish I could try them out. I also don't understand the decision to use the game's weakest link to represent game in the free weekend.Multiplayer-Wise, I don't recommend you to waste 60$ for this. There are too many issues and the gameplay feels unchanged from previous entries. If you want futuristic and fast-paced action, think about titanfall 2. Otherwise, try battlefield 1 for a historic(ish) setting and large scale battles. If you're a big fan of the franchise, I suppose you can get it on sale, perhaps the campaign and zombies might be worth it for you. Otherwise, stay away."
,Recommended,292730,30539306,Posted: 16 March,all,MrHToast,"I really like the game.The Singleplayer was really good. A lot of different missions and good characters. The Multiplayer is fun. Most of things are now in the game. At release a lot of features are ""coming soon""."
76561198050720801,Recommended,292730,29048068,Posted: 5 January,all,Descyite,Ive read the reviews and I see all negative stuff about this game. Let me just say see for yourself. I love this game even though I use a controller and get smashed by M/K players.... mostly. The single player was one of if not the best one yet. I saluted my tv when it was over. Please play for yourself. if you dont like it you can return it if there is less than 2 hours played. There are allot of controller users now so you wont get that but hurt by M/K players...... Let the h8ing begin.
,Not Recommended,292730,30162505,Posted: 25 February,all,XOdiAC_XSYCHO,"Dont bother buying it if you wanna play multiplayer matches, you wont get any single lobby, neither in any mode in multiplayer.. go try playing battlefield 1 or titanfall 2, it has a much more active player community ! (at least in india)-_-"
76561198281481350,Recommended,292730,35363373,Posted: 30 September,all,Innocent_Bystndr,"I don't understand the hate....I've played the game for over 45 hours and can actually say, this is a great Cod game with very little to not want. The canpaign is very, very good. I love that you can choose your missions and the space battles are actually good. I'd say the campaign is similar to Star Wars Battlefront II's (2005) Galactic Conquest.  I'm not sure how great the multiplayer is, but the zombies are really fun alone and with friends. I'd say the best zombies to date.There are some PC related probems. Even with my 1080Ti it still is gltichy at times with ranodm studderig. At times the face animation, and audio is off and I'm not sure why.  While  I'm glad there is some sort of 21:9 support, but it's not perfect with some menu items cut off. In game though 21:9 looks fine. Biggest other setting I'd like is a FPS cap that you can slide."
76561198016565394,Not Recommended,292730,31038975,Posted: 9 April,all,Mischa,I've played a total of 7 hours since release. What more is there to say?
64352475685687562,Not Recommended,292730,30142446,Posted: 24 February,all,DAB KING,Game Slag.Battlefield better.The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥The modes are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I like Call Of Duty series but this game is just crap.Even Connor McGregor will not save her.
76561197998975886,Not Recommended,292730,34848861,Posted: 9 September,all,Gingy,worse call of duty ever wouldnt wish this game upon anyone.
76561197998178062,Not Recommended,292730,34816889,Posted: 8 September,all,-=VoRtEx=-,Zombies you can wait for half an hour just to enter a match. Poor optimisation on PC
76561198291607668,Not Recommended,292730,35157902,Posted: 23 September,all,SLAP_MY_MUFFINS,its basicly a copy of bo3get bo3 than iw
76561198206944459,Not Recommended,292730,30169791,Posted: 25 February,all,The Exposer,This game feels like a mobile knockoff of Black Ops 3
76561197978907114,Recommended,292730,34875161,Posted: 10 September,all,JrSpaceMan,"Multiplayer is blah but the single player campaign is actually really really good.  Charecters are well developed for the most part with motivations being pretty cut and dry.  The voice acting is great and dialogue feel like proper contemporary military jargin without any real technnobabble to confuse the situation.  More Starship troopers than Apocolypse now, it tells it's story without any real time to breath.  Which is how a pure action title should play.Theirs a little star fighter and weapon customization thrown in for fun but nothing to personal.  Has some great set pieces and uses them well over the course of the 8-10hr campaign (took me 10.5hrs to complete all missions).New optional missions mix up the early game but once you reach the halfway point in the main story, the optional missions become locked out.  Thankfully, the game lets you know before you reach that point (though i wish it had told me one mission sooner honestly).Graphics are killer and the game is really well optomized.This is actually my favorite COD single player campaign now.  I""ll probably play it agian in a few months which is more than i've ever done with a COD title before."
76561198120666777,Recommended,292730,35197072,Posted: 24 September,all,gluefactorybjj,"I have mixed feeling about this COD.  I thought the story idea (both space and ground based) to have a lot of potential, but, like so many other COD titles, I just thought it was over too quickly and needed some expansion.The gameplay and mechanics are still top notch and I enjoyed playing it.  I'd say it is really worth it at 1/2 price.  An ""OK"" purchase at near or full price.FWIW, I don't think enough effort is put into the PC versions.  I watch online vids of console players and they are hitting everything they even get close to, while with my PC version, it is more difficult with a mouse and keyboard to get the fine aiming I often need for the ""sniping/stealth"" mode I prefer.  I wish they'd make the gameplay/mechanics closer between the console and PC versions.Anyway, recommended.PS. I have high game hours because I leave the game running in the background when not playing.  Also, I do NOT like multiplayer games, so this review is of the Campaign portion, only."
,Recommended,292730,30206028,Posted: 26 February,all,kevingpo1,"It's fun, it's addictive. It still has the COD4 special formula. It's good. I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,292730,26411537,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hunt™,worse then ghost
76561198167675702,Recommended,292730,26532198,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Maro6567,"Campaign-One of the best campaigns in cod 10/10Multiplayer-good,not the best but not the worst 8/10Zombies-IW did a really good job with zombies 9/10"
,Recommended,292730,33491757,Posted: 12 July,all,Cut Master Swift,"it's funthe guns feel good, better than bo3the game feels smoothgets way too much hate then it shouldpick it up, it's pretty fun"
,Not Recommended,292730,30206509,Posted: 26 February,all,Watermelon,This game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont waste money in this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,292730,30189190,Posted: 25 February,all,FufuCat,I buy it and i refund itRIP xD
,Recommended,292730,28987384,Posted: 3 January,all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Amazing campaign, i didn't expect it to be this good after the awful Black Ops 3.I thought all the futuristic stuff could ruin this one, but surprisingly, it didn't. CoD in space feels great.Wish i could say the same about the aberration that the Multiplayer is. Forgettable mess, that's what it is.As for the Modern Warfare Remaster, It's impecable, but again, the MP is a broken mess.One step forward and two steps back. It doesn't have dedicated servers."
76561198333936771,Recommended,292730,30053662,Posted: 20 February,all,Master of luck,Good game but everyone hated it before it came out. Even though I like it great story but same old cod fighting. It feels more like advanced ware fare and cod blacks opps three fighting. Multiplayer force once kindove sucked. Loading screen goes on forever. But overall yeah it's a good game I didn't find to much problems.
76561198011223672,Not Recommended,292730,26632701,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GOOD LOOKING,This Game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,27483761,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Batteriii,Infinite Warfare's singelplayer was awesome the multiplayer not so much.And absoultley everything is great about Modern Warfare Remasterd.
,Not Recommended,292730,26568320,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/enzBAD,"Refunded after 1 hour of game time, spewed a little."
76561198018872753,Recommended,292730,28119214,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BuzzKill,Campaign & Zombies are great :)
76561198079146116,Not Recommended,292730,26410291,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,olavg2000,"dose not work for win 10i have a gtx1070 from asusI7 6700k skylake16gb ddr4 ramand asus motherboardmultiplayer wont run, single player wont load after cutsean"
76561198128331581,Not Recommended,292730,26413695,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Viperfox61,Game freezes & is unplayable.  All modes freeze and or crash.  I recommend you wait for a bit to see if the devs fix it.  No matter what i do the game freezes on loading.   This almost reminds me of how Homefront was.
,Not Recommended,292730,26428569,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Unreal Doom Pig,"Asinine. I preordered the game and didn't get the remastered version of CoD 4 because I needed to preorder the ""Legacy"" edition of the game. I know this isn't news to a lot of people and on me for not paying closer attention, but then again how many overpriced, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t versions of this game are there and how many do I have to throw money at to get the game that anyone actually wants to play?That's harsh, the campaign in this game is fine, but I can't get multiplayer to find any games and all troubleshooting just brings up forum topics from the beta. Every multiplayer game I've ever played on this wifi network and this machine work perfectly, yet this one for whatever reason refuses to work. Part of me wants a refund, but the campaign's decent, like screw it, I did this to my self. I just can't buy next year's game, or really I shouldn't have bought this year's. Don't make the mistake I have thinking that it'll be fine in the end and I won't feel bad about my 60 dollar purchase. It's like the worst kind of fast food that feels somewhat fine going down, yet you almost immedietally regret and wish you'd never let seduce its way into your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now greased mouth. But whatever, it's in my esophagus now. What can you do. Warn others to stay away, that's what you can do. If you need me, I'll be in the Wendy's yelling at the people ordering like a crazy person. Don't get a baconator, it's just exostential pain on a bun, man."
76561197999602545,Recommended,292730,30300456,Posted: 3 March,all,RocknRolla,"Overwhelmingly negative reviews?  These children don't know what makes a good game.  Most COD players review the game based on how well they personally perform in that game.  If they get more kills in Black Ops III vs. this game, they call the game trash and give it negative reviews.  That is the number 1 reason people did not like this game was because they weren't good at it, so they left and went back to BO3.  People are also complaining about the matchmaking lobbies being dead and hackers.  That has nothing to do with the quality of the game itself and shouldn't be a reason to score a negative review.  The hackers are using the same hacks and the matchmaking system is the same for the past 5 COD games.  No new issues there.  Then you have the people that think it's popular to trash things.  They jump on the bandwagon and hate on this game because they think that is the cool thing to do.  So when you see OVERWHELMINGLY NEGATIVE on the reviews, it has to do with these issues and not the game itself.How is the game itself? The multiplayer experience is very solid.  You feel a little more grounded than the movement in BO3 which is a good thing.  The game pace is just a little slower.  People say they want ""boots on the ground"" and yet complain when they cant fly to the other side of the map in 3 seconds to get 6 easy spawn kills.  That was the problem with BO3.  The maps were too small.  Here the maps seem to be more of a grid or maze pattern which seemed to fix most of the spawn killing issues that plagued BO3 for me.  The weapons are way more unique and interesting than the weapons in BO3 and the perks are more effective and the specialist abilities are WAY more effective.  The game feels like a slower paced but more refined version of BO3 for me.  But the idiots reviewing this game aren't getting 40+ kills per match so they call it crap.  I feel bad for the people who actually designed this great game who are being judged by the hordes of immature people who are eager to call a game crap just because it's not exactly like their favorite past COD game and because they don't get as many kills. For these elitist gamers, its not the game that matters, but how that game can best fuel their ego.  And if they aren't as impressive right away in the new game, they bash it and go back to whatever game they were playing before.  Long story short.....this is an interesting addition to the COD franchise with some fun new developments in energy weapons and game play and specialist abilities.  The maps , the combat, the weapons, and the movement all feel like slight improvements over BO3.  Too bad the community for COD is too infantile and elitist to notice or care about anything other than their scores and their egos."
,Recommended,292730,29377325,Posted: 20 January,all,HostraX,"CALL OF DUTY - Infinite Warfare:I don't start to talk about  ''Infinite Warfare'' - Because it's waste of time (Fast review - it's better then ''COD Black Ops III'' but guys they take the games Halo + The New DooM  and make cod ''Infinite Warfare'' , if you really want to try the cod Remastered. WAIT FOR SALE!!!! OR FIND FREE DOWNLOAD !!!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CALL OF DUTY MODERN WARFARE - REMASTERED:So i buy the ''Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Legacy Edition'' pack it's Infinite Warfare and ''Call Of Duty 4 Remastered''and i just now finsh the singel player and i can say - it's all about the graphic card guys , if you have a good graphic cardlike GTX 970 Or Better! (I am using in GTX 1060 6GB ROG STRIX) - I can say you really can enjoy from the new ''COD - REMASTERED'' the  graphic so amazing the explodes all the shots makes me feeling like i am the real soldier and it's all real! - amazing upgrade and i wish they keep doing new cods just like remastered and new storys i love it ! (next time witout this packs because we want real war not future war! ! !"
,Recommended,292730,26495002,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Goldomond [DFS],"Call of Duty: Infinite WarfareWe all knew it would be another space shooter, but this one actually got me good.The Campaign is solid, the Multiplayer feels like an Infinity Ward style Multiplayer and the Zombies Map is fun.Eventhough it is a space-shooter and we didn't want it, Infinity Ward can't just change the game-concept.This game was in development BEFORE Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare WAS EVEN RELEASED!They had NO IDEA how this future style would turn out at all.And NO you CAN'T just scrap an idea that is 1/3 way DONE. Developers DO NOT have the time or resources for such a thing!So Please, if you want a solid game, that is better than the previous 3, buy this one. Definetly worth a shot!9/10 - Infinity Ward at it again."
76561198048305230,Recommended,292730,26537767,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Singh11,"Just want to put here that campaign is one of the best ever since modern warfare trilogy, seriouly the campaign alone was worth 60$ for me.havent played mp or zombie yet, most probably wont because its just the same old when they could have done so much with it, put zero gravity fights with jets in space , just like bf1, but no its the same old mp by the looks of it, a missed opportunity for the multiplayer part.As for the campaign, a solid 10/10."
,Not Recommended,292730,26681564,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Shinku Phantom,This game is proof that god has a sense of humour.
,Recommended,292730,26910670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mydlak,Campaign: 10/10The rest: Average CoD
,Recommended,292730,26585207,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Marvelous,"Chinese get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here, this is not place for you to cheat in here."
76561198137742707,Not Recommended,292730,28542821,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hunter( tj ),this game sucksssssssssssssss wrost cod game ever ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t been waiting for 15 min still searching for a match . are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding . i wish i didnt spend money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ . had enough going back to black ops 3 .
76561198262662994,Recommended,292730,26461990,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lewdly Inclin'd,"It's exactly what you should expect from Call of Duty. Nothing special, but good mindless fun.As for the remaster, it's CoD4 but prettier. A lot prettier."
76561198246390280,Not Recommended,292730,26444040,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,About_30_Ninjas,I was realy hyped for this game but as soon as i open it it crashed after 5 sec and says read   ''Readme.text'' or ''Readme.txt'' idk what to do now.
,Recommended,292730,30131076,Posted: 23 February,all,LV99 Vivi,"supply drops are better in this vs aw and bo3 but the game itself is kind of bland like ghosts was. The movement i feel is better than bo3s though, more smooth and flowing. Not terrible but not that good either. id rather go play bo3 if im going to play cod since it actually has decent stuff added in like server browser and mods and uncapped fps.the things that really ruin this game is netcode / lag / tick, fps cap, supply drops and the gaming community in general[we are so spoiled that we dont really know what we want anymore, we know we just want something more than what we have now and cod devs try to do it and make money at the same time but they cant when everyone wants to get everything for free or buy 10 dollar games and expect it to be AAA]its a shame, theres going to be another game crash soon...too many greedy companies and consumers."
,Recommended,292730,30180750,Posted: 25 February,all,Ninjaman,"I honestly liked it, the multiplayer is good in my opinion, i like the zombies mode, the classic weapons are a nice touch, and you can earn almost every weapon found in supply drops, yet there are problems, the epic weapons in the mission teams are a bit under-whelming (at least for the fhr-40) and the rigs are almost a carbon-copy of the bo3 specialists, but I believe the only reason why people are saying that this game is terrible is mainly trying to be popular and agreeable, but if you do actually dislike it i respect your opinion"
,Not Recommended,292730,30016558,Posted: 18 February,all,CherryTheAce,Bought this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e for £60 along with MW remastered. Worst purchase of 2016 for me. Total waste of money and I wish I could refund it.
,Recommended,292730,30198646,Posted: 26 February,all,strangefugitive,The campaign is refreshing and the overall player movement and shooting is solid. There are few fps games out there that feel as good as IW.A few other notes:- no trouble finding matches- runs well on mid-range hardware (960 2gb for me)-overall atmosphere / environments are awesome.
,Recommended,292730,29814793,Posted: 9 February,all,Spaceman,"Even though people ciricized the game before it even came out, it's one of very few games that depicts war really well and connects the player to each individual characters emotionally.I do not understand why people are so negative towards this game.This is an AWESOME GAME!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26414918,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Yiming,Full of trash. The worst Call of Duty ever.
,Recommended,292730,27764689,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JuZZiO CRO,"The game is awesome ppl, give it a try!!"
,Recommended,292730,28852546,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mjshmjsh,campaign : awesomezombies : awesomeMP: not as good as BO3 and actually no plyers except for TDMoverall: get it even for the zombies alone.
,Recommended,292730,30129559,Posted: 23 February,all,SStart,"I actually enjoy the free weekend, not that bad not that good, average6/10"
76561198060283086,Recommended,292730,26698601,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Daddylonglegs,"Hated on too much just because of the name. I've been having a ton of fun with it and that's all that matters imo. Graphics are good, it runs good and feels great, Zombies is really cool, the story mode is very micheal bay as you'd expect and multiplayer is good enough to keep you going untill the next installment comes out. MWR on the other hand.... i have a pretty beast PC (I7-4930k)(GTX 980ti)(32gbRAM) and i can barely max this out at 2160x1080... the mouse sensitivity is broken due to mouse smoothing or something and the multiplayer takes wayyyy to long too matchmake. untill they fix that i will be giving this a final review score of 7/10 untill i play abit more campaign and zombies aswel. But! when you look at what other games are out right now getting something like Battlefield 1 is probably the smarter choice in the long run. I'd recommend Titanfall 2 but i have not had enough time with it"
76561197972376996,Not Recommended,292730,26482065,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[SoV] SrBoWgUaRd,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G HOORIBLE GAME!!!! JESUS DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY TRUST ME THE MODERN WARFARE IS BETTER THEN THE GAME AND MW ISNT WORTH  80 BUCKS!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30209633,Posted: 26 February,all,Ignite,I would not recommend this game at all.
,Recommended,292730,30381269,Posted: 7 March,all,Kerron27,"The game does not deserve all of these bad reviews . The campaign is good and I would say the campaign by itself is worth the price. The multiplayer depends on your personal taste, in my opinion it is really enjoyable. The zombies is absolutely fantastic, I love the zombies in spaceland theme, it's just really nice, looks good and plays amazing. It actually runs pretty well on a gtx 750ti, gets an average of 60fps or sometimes higher on multiplayer. Of course if you do not like space, you won't like this game, however if you do like space and aspire to be an astronaut, you would be in love with this game. Funny part is that I tried it on a free weekend and it blew my mind, I loved it and thought that it deserved the money so I bought it :)"
76561198330529171,Recommended,292730,26626962,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Anotha1,"Honestly, I was quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when CoD announced their next game would take place in the future. The last Black Ops adn Advanced Warfare were ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enough... The real fun CoD we all wanted was a continuation of the Modern Warfare series. But when the gameplay trailer came out, the game looked alright... I bought the game and decided to try it out: the campaign was simply brilliant! The characters were well-rounded and delved into. The only flaw was that this campaign felt too short. The multiplayer is not my type of multi, a bit too futuristic with the wall running and the overdrive and futuristic weapons. However, there is the UMP 45 and the P90 and M4(under different names). I'm not a huge fan of zombies, but as far as those go, this edition was pretty darn good. The gameplay is great, just like the graphics. To me, games are only as good as their stories, and this one is heartfelt and deep. A great mix of action, responsibility, and emotion in this game. 8/10 for me. HOpe activision can keep this up, though I wouldn't mind a more contemporary CoD."
,Recommended,292730,30619466,Posted: 19 March,all,Zapek,Forget Steam reviews. Get the game when it's half price and enjoy the single player campaign which is one of the best in a Call of Duty game.
,Recommended,292730,27858064,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Reflex,It's ok. Modern Warfare Remastered is superior in every way and zombies is actually somewhat decent.
,Not Recommended,292730,30534760,Posted: 15 March,all,Dixon,"TDM only, unbalanced as♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS cap at 90, no seperate sens for unscoped and scoped.trash/10 didn't expect anything more"
,Not Recommended,292730,26440922,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Crystal the $2 Hooker™,"For the good points however the game is optimised really well. I am using I5 6600K 3.5GHz 960 4GB graphics Card and a HDD. This game runs really well I havent dropped below 70FPS once.  I do believe this game would have potential if they fix the bugs mentioned below. The game Graphics are a lot better than Black ops 3 on ultra. The textures are well made and I have to give them credit. Overall this game is not very well made for multiplayer. Personal Opinion is that the multiplayer has terrible things that need fixing such as spawn points. Terminal was running to where the enemies were on the map and two seconds later they were spawing right behind me and killing me. The guns seriously need nurfing with alot of them been far too overpowered. The rigs are to OP as well as with the NV4 it takes almost two mags to kill enemies sometimes. I understand if its not hardcore but still it shouldn't take that much. As well as this I feel like the game runs too fast, you can run around the place but there are more than 2 angles at anypoint that you can get caught off guard with. Something else they could have done is if you're been shot you can exo away or anything that just makes the game boring and making impossible situations easy to get out which is wrong."
,Not Recommended,292730,30132966,Posted: 23 February,all,pappino777,Doesn't start. (It opens up and stays black and crashes)Either way it's trash so idc :)))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,292730,30350780,Posted: 5 March,all,8one6,"I played through the campaign and I liked it. A pretty basic mil-SF story, but the voice acting is great and the story (what there is) is well paced. If you're looking for a fun single player game to kill a few hours with I'd recommend picking this up on sale.I've found the multiplayer community in CoD is a toxic cesspit, so I haven't messed with the MP. Since pretty much all of the negative reviews are about the MP I'd say if you don't care about it you can safelu ignore them."
,Not Recommended,292730,26427973,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Luke,PC splitscreen?Only bought it for Modern Warfare Remastered.
76561198053643639,Recommended,292730,26439286,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CAST,"It adds a nice zombies mode, Fast pace multi player , and engageing campagin"
,Not Recommended,292730,30213429,Posted: 26 February,all,[S] DyNome,not gud
,Recommended,292730,30318464,Posted: 4 March,all,FragMister,"I think the overwhelming negativity is unfair from an objective standpoint. I personally bought this game for the zombies mode and purely in terms of size and scale zombies is at its height, introducing new and innovative themed maps putting a spin on the normal Treyarch formula. I personally have over 50 hours and plan to have many more just on the zombies mode and plan to have many more with the release of more dlc maps. This game doesn't exactly push the boundaries in the multiplayer or campaign, but if you find even one part of this game is interesting to you there is enough content to play for hours and I would definetly reccomend buying it if that describes you."
,Not Recommended,292730,33685092,Posted: 20 July,all,Khaloudy,"This game is so bad that 99% of things in this game is in supply drops which you will never get what you want, second matchmaking takes minutes until you find a game which in like BO3 it's instant I know this is due to the low number of players but it's cause of many bad things in the game, also EVERY TIME I enter the game it needs to load shaders, campaign was good not as bad as the multiplayer, infinite warfare has become a pay to win I bet their is more than 1000 things in supply drops and most of them are useless, zombies is weird in this game no one does zombies better than treyarch I think you should've made another mode but meh whatever, last thing WHY make me pay  for MWR and I could've bought it separately why you guys lie to people and say it will never be sold separately, in conclusion I wish I didn't buy this game and wish I listened to my friends who told me not to buy but whatever. BTW I'm done with infinity ward."
,Not Recommended,292730,26444068,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,About 30 Vikings,"Game simply does not work! Complete waste of money!Freezes every time you try to change options, freezes every time you try to enter a match whether it be online multiplayer or the campain. Zombies then freezes after the stupid cartoon cutscene which last forever!IW is broken and not worth the money until they update to fix ALL the problems the steam edition is having.MWR is great though, that is the only saving grace for this franchise now! Ok sometimes you diconnect from the servers when trying to get into an online game and it is a little juddery at times even at 60fps, but nothing unplayable.Feel like the old days!Just be patient and wait for MWR to be sold as a stand alone game.Thats all the community want now! Can't you see the futurist stuff isnt any good! Please go back to what you were good at! We beg you."
76561198080160769,Not Recommended,292730,30209432,Posted: 26 February,all,Topier,My free experience:RunningShootingDying becuse of some space laserRespawn*Feeling my brain melting away*Uninstall
,Recommended,292730,29404666,Posted: 21 January,all,SpookS,"A Legitimate ReviewCall of duty Inifinite Warfare was an attempt at making something the community hated something they could like, with the far future enhanced movement and such. This game attempted to combine aspects of many call of duties before it, with the Specialists of BO3, the time to kill of MW2, The Map design of Ghosts/MW3 and the far future setting of Advanced Warfare. It turned out to be the worst selling COD of all time. But, in my opinion, it is not a bad game. The campaign is one of the best the series has to offer, and the multiplayer has modes that completely remove the enhanced movement. Many people would find this game fun if they just gave it a try, and didn't let some big youtube content creators tell them its a garbage game. Half the reason this was the worst selling game is because thousands of impressionable people did not even glance at it because their favourite youtuber said"
,Not Recommended,292730,30722207,Posted: 25 March,all,JSOCraft Gaming,♥♥♥♥♥game tbh they really ♥♥♥♥ed up on this one...
,Not Recommended,292730,33197345,Posted: 3 July,all,PatchiLKD,bad game
76561198056941894,Not Recommended,292730,30126014,Posted: 23 February,all,Dr. Just So Fun,LMAO Free weekend includes only multiplayer I am not interested in that♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,30801845,Posted: 28 March,all,Nuxela,"What if the events actually do happen in the near future and there is actually warfare in space then what will people do? The game predicts that future in its story mode and it does it very well, even though it still considered right now an SCI fi - science fiction story with some dark gritty themes here and there. Multiplayer is all right its playable at times. Zombies are great edition as well. Cant wait to see what Sledgehammer brings next it looks like this time we are going back to World War 2 cant wait for that will be intresting to see how it works with the new update engine and technology and such and creative art with history weapons which I am very hyped for and its going back to its roots boots on the ground style."
,Recommended,292730,34197648,Posted: 12 August,all,Blikkjen (Deagol),"Well, I didn't have any high expections when this game was announced. The massive like/dislike ratio on the reveal trailer, the futuristic setting and all, but since I have all the games in the series will I buy every one that comes out, since it's one of my favorite series.My favorite part of the game is the campain. It is way better than you would expect, it have a really solid story, great characters you get a ""bond"" to, great setpieces, locations and alot of great missions and with a sad and emotional ending. Of the modern Call of Dutys (Black Ops II - Infinite Warfare) is this the greatest campain so farThe multiplayer looks and feels like a bad copy of Black Ops III, with countless features and weapon variants. The multiplayer have also been dying since the game came out.Zombies in Spaceland is something for itself again, i mean, David Hasseloff, Aliens, The Final Countdown and silly gameplay, it is something you have to experience.The only part of this game i would recomend however is the Campain, but it is not worth full AAA price, but pick it up on sale.more space battles than Star Wars Battlefront, 10/10"
,Recommended,292730,29863830,Posted: 11 February,all,TheChillZonePC,Zombies is good but since its ported its a bit rough sometimes. They need to work on the PC version of COD games if they want to do well
76561198333001092,Recommended,292730,30270661,Posted: 1 March,all,SiderealGamer,"This game is really good. However, the multiplayer takes quite a while to find a free-for-all match. The only matches you will be able to find instantly is the TDM. Overall, it is a good Call of duty experience with a good campaigne and zombies mode. It is worth picking up at least when it's on sale. If you liked Call of duty Advanced Warfare, you are going to like this as well."
,Recommended,292730,30272297,Posted: 1 March,all,Pallynation,"I don't play these games for the online experience.  I have enjoyed the campaigns of every call of duty i've played.  They have been enjoyable for what they are.  Are they perfect?  no, but they are certainly better than the hate they get.  This game is no exception.I personally loved the setting, i thought it was a nice change of pace.  Gameplay was solid, i enjoyed myself, controls were responsive with both the keyboard and mouse and gamepad.  I ran into no real  issues aside from some poor SLI scaling, but the game still ran fine.I don't seem to understand the overwhelming hate this game is getting.  If it is multiplayer related that would explain it, because i don't touch the online component, because the communities tend to be toxic.Overall as a strictly single player experience it was a bit short, i clocked about 8 hours into the campaign, and i did every mission available including all the side missions(and enjoyed them all, though the ship controls are a bit wonky in dogfights).  So for full price it's asking a bit much.If you enjoy a solid single player shooter campaign and can snag this for 50% grab it."
76561198102773426,Recommended,292730,28922250,Posted: 1 January,all,Lethal_Bacon,I was going into infinite warfaree with low standards but the game is actaulyl alot of fun and of course mwr it great so just beecause the trailer of a game looks bad doesn't mean the game will be bad.
,Recommended,292730,30287738,Posted: 2 March,all,zenongreat,Too many haters on this game. The zombies alone is definitely worth it.
,Recommended,292730,30171141,Posted: 25 February,all,Phoenix,"Surprisingly fun to play. Not worth $60, though."
,Not Recommended,292730,26511141,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jeff Dunham,Bought to refund 20 minutes later10/10
,Recommended,292730,26572076,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shawn Marion,"Well, considering this may be the ♥♥♥♥ing end of the world for the Call of Duty series. It isn't that all too bad, I did buy this for the Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered. Personally, I have not played the Multiplayer mode, only Zombies, and the beginning of the campaign. Do I like this, well, from what I've seen, it isn't bad or good, just more of, what the ♥♥♥♥.Let's get onto Zombies.The zombie mode is not too bad, but I have definitely seen better from Treyarch. It does oddly give a sense of the Extinction mode from Call of Duty: Ghosts (don't buy that).Now onto campaign.The campaign, despite me only getting to the second mission for like ten seconds, seems like they might be going back to the more hollywood action back in Modern Warfare."
76561198212277591,Recommended,292730,26601385,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pi=3.14159265,Whenever I try to play it says Fatal Error 'code_pre_gfx'
,Recommended,292730,26748933,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,-Swiftiery-,It`s not that bad give it a chance. The only problem is barely anyone plays gun game and some other gamemodes so it might take a while to find a match
76561197989336691,Not Recommended,292730,26498876,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rebellion,sucks
76561198017675188,Not Recommended,292730,26518617,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheRock,"what game you folks out ?!  what the hell you've put sniper, you made a game of monkeys!You have mocked the newest game FPS!!!Shame on you, you are only after money"
76561198156638819,Recommended,292730,26603832,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CIRI | rocky41 of Rivia,Singleplayer campaign is great..better than black ops 3... however when it comes to multiplayer segment can't say the same ...the first problem is to actually get into the game ...can't search a single game ....only have to get into the game if any recent player is playing any match ...very difficult to connect to lobbies as well ..it will disconnect for no reason....In multiplayer the other big problem is time to kill ...it very less ....yeah I know people might bastlh saying learn the game rather than complaining about time to kill ..still it's very less ...now anyone can kill you within seconds ...it feels like we are playing hardcore matches...if time to kill is so.short then there is no need for hardcore lobbies .... The rigs are not good ..the weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥and as explained by driftor the recoil on guns is poor and varies heavily...the foregrip has almost no significance on guns ...This game takes time to like ....if you have patience..play the game ..if you get the lobby .... Black ops 3 multiplayer was much better and organised than IW...that's why it has less players ....Zombies haven't played yet however have heard high praises of it ....
76561198010187892,Recommended,292730,26635333,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,misterchamp,"This review based on my opinionI'll make it short and clear as much as I can1. Campaign Mode- Side quests was added for you to unlock perks for the main mission that you can choose to skip (without any effect)- There are many pilot parts for you to play that I really don't like.- Story is quite impressive (8/10)2.Multiplayer Mode- First, This game who has the best connection they will mostly win a gun fight, so you need a decent internet with uplaod speed for me (Thailand) it's 200/50 it's good enough to join the battle but I hardly beat japanese and korean. So, if you don't have a decent upload please skip this game for your own sake.- You come with party it increases rate for you to be a host. (This game is P2P server)- Server is crownded with japanese players if you were japanese I encourage you to play this.- This CoD:IW atmosphere is alike CoD:BO3 but I think this is more fluid than BO3.- Train hard and spawn prediction is required and you will enjoy the game so much. You can learn tips from the internet or from this community guides.- But Bad things are these, First, They are number of cheaters that use wall hack + aim hack + other hack here when you found them jsut report and they will leave the lobby. Second, it's hard to find a lobby after midnight (It's not a CS:GO) so you have to get over it.Conclusion- I recommend you guys to buy this if you have a decent internet upload speed. Let's grow this community together.- For those who has low upload speed no need to regret to skip this title becase it doesn't worth your money."
76561198137927725,Recommended,292730,26638732,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SteveTheHero,"Doesnt deserve the hate it's recieved, i'v enjoyed singleplayer and hopefully an updated multiplayer will end up being awesome. Hopefully they can graphically update it as well. All in all Infinite Warfare is a fun shooter and better than BO3 IMO."
,Not Recommended,292730,26675142,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cadias,"I never write reviews but this time something needs to be said!I'm writing a review for Call of Duty; Modern warfare remasterd! Ofc they dident make a own rewiev for it and i understand why.I'v never feelt soo let down before..  I bought this game in hope that this will be a time travel back in time..I remember the time when i played this and for many hours every singel day!The games Campain is perfect! Just like i remember it and it feelt soo good to play it... We are games we need competition, soo we all turn to multiplayer after a while!Multiplayer is beyond broken! There is no word that can describe how broke it is. Ill give you all a few points why!- Imposible to find matches! 9/10 times you will not be abel to join a lobby or a host! why? ""Unabel to connect to host"", ""Host to unstabel"" ""no games where found"" etc...- I mean the menu of the game is nice and all... But srsly lads i want to get into a game and play with and agains people...It dosent a provide that...- It has a system where you can see how many players is actally playing the game mode you selected... max in a game mode is 700 tops! why? i dont know, it cant be correct... It has to be something with there search system... It can take up to 5 min to find a match and when you connect its a 90% chance you get kicked out since the host system is badly optimized...Its clear that they focus on Infinite Warfare on stability and community...Infinite warfare isent bad, its okey... nothing more nothing less.. but that game is a whole other story for an other time..I'm sure many people love this game and miss the good old times... but i would recomand all off you go buy the old version and not the remasterd...3/10"
,Recommended,292730,26614269,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fuck It,Dont be afraid give it a go you might like it because i did
,Recommended,292730,28352505,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,StrongCrocodile,"IntroductionIf you've seen the trailer and thought it looked bad, don't just assume you won't like it.While I seem to be an insignificant reviewer out there making a positive review for a game that became a meme because of the amount of dislikes the trailer got, hear me out.I had always said to myself that I wouldn't get this game. After all, I was a Treyarch zombies purist and bought Call of Duty: World at War, Black Ops II, and Black Ops III (I was given Black Ops 1 as a gift). And, yes. I was sceptical about this game. I saw the Zombies in Spaceland trailer and thought ""yeah, I'm not going to buy this.""Now look where I am.BackstoryTo the game? No. This review just has a backstory.When I was at a Yestercades, I saw that this game was available. I wanted to try it out, because it was an opportunity to play it for free. I waited a long time too. I had to watch an actual 6 year old die onroundscene one. After about 45 minutes, I finally got my chance to play. I went in practically blind. I made it to scene nine, and got to play a few more games. When I got home, I really didn't know what to do. It was far better than exo-zombies, but I wasn't sure if it hit the marks of Black Ops III. And even now, I still don't. I talked to my friend jwrath about it. He said that he would recommend getting it. I realized that the digital deluxe was $20 off, so I just had to take it.MultiplayerYou'll hear that there's no anticheat.That's trueHowever, I've never actually encountered a cheater in multiplayer.Other than that, it's just Black Ops III.It really is the same thing.ZombiesHere's the beef of my playtime.Again with the anticheat (or lack thereof). I've never encountered a cheater in zombies.However, I do not often play public zombies games, and I can't say for sure how common they are.Don't go into this imagining it playing like Treyarch zombies.It's a different game. Yes, it seems like less of a ""bootleg"" that exo-zombies, but it's still a different game.But coming from somebody that is usually not willing to try new things, it's actually pretty good.Unlike Revelations (in BO3), Zombies in Spaceland (the only map out at the time of this review being written) is very replayable.It adds new things, but does not throw the general structure of the gamemode in a blender like exo-zombies did.*cough* survivor rescues *cough*My best comparison is to Shadows of Evil. It has the ""junction"" area, and all of the zones attached to that. It also plays pretty similarly.In conclusion...If you think you are going to like the game, get it.If you think you are going to hate it, don't.But if you're skeptical, like I was, try to find a way to play it before purchasing it.You likely won't regret it.So here's a nifty table that took 5 minutes to make.CategoryRatingCampaignNobody Cares / 10MultiplayerBlack Ops III / 10Zombies in Spaceland10 / 10 (1 being Zetsubou, 10 being your favorite map)Zombies as a Whole9 / 10 (I'm impressed, but supply drops are scrubby)Supply DropsBetter than AW & BO3. Zombies and MP keys are the same, which is nice. Otherwise, are an unnessary addition to the gameOverall8.8 / 10I couldn't give the game a nine, but eight felt too low. There are clearly unfinished parts of the game, but if you have a group of friends who you play CoD with, I would get this, assuming they have it, too.Assuming you didn't skip the end, thanks for reading.This is the longest review I have ever written for a Steam game.EDIT (February 1, 2017):They added VAC to the game. It definitely feels more like a complete game now."
,Recommended,292730,27170403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tij.,"Zombies: Good job!Extremely fun!  The easter egg is tedious and the reward, double pack-a-punch, is hardly worth it.  However there are 4 wonder weapons meaning each player can have one (3 worth having - unlucky player 4).  Enough training spots for everyone.Multiplayer: Alright, could be better.Fun, kinda.  Three quarters of the maps are not bad and the rest are v bad.  Some weapon variants are OP and hard to get unless you like playing “Micro Transactions: The Game”.  Occasional hacker :<Singleplayer: Haven’t played."
,Not Recommended,292730,31679328,Posted: 11 May,all,Padme,"Terrible Game, Waste of Money."
,Recommended,292730,27939376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BoNez,"Serious review, better than black ops 3. This is the first COD game I have enjoyed playing since black ops 2. The boost jumping feels good and isn't ridiculously overpowered. The hit reg is on point. Haven't had any hackers yet. If you enjoy fast paced shooters then I would recommend playing it."
,Recommended,292730,30309343,Posted: 3 March,all,Excalibur,Not bad
,Recommended,292730,29776230,Posted: 7 February,all,Pr0ph3cy,cancer except dlc 4
76561198335162693,Not Recommended,292730,30046971,Posted: 19 February,all,JustinGood2,do yourself a favor do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26441868,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BOT 2JZ,call of duty infinite warfare:multiplayer: it was like okzombies: worst i have ever played and seen
76561198118570832,Not Recommended,292730,30187444,Posted: 25 February,all,Don't say mean things,"Activision, you aren't supposed to have a free weekend for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game! You're supposed to just put it on sale!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26506141,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MLG_Pogi,The worst COD game ever came out.
,Recommended,292730,31085454,Posted: 11 April,all,R4ZiE,"For me, I love this game, it doesn't have that amazing storyline like the olden CoD days but the storyline is still okay for me and still enjoying it, just don't hate before starting and give it a try, you might like it"
,Not Recommended,292730,26584222,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,F1dELETE,Same as Black Ops III and maps are too small.
76561198081536083,Recommended,292730,26624416,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,OsamaYomoma,"PROS: Call of Duty 4 Remastered (if you pay 80 bucks for this game).CONS: Infinite war...It's a terrible console port capped at 30 fps nearly the whole game and then random DX11 crash errors.I have never seen a game with mediocre graphics take up 5.8gb of Vram on my 980 ti SLI and 10gb of system RAM.Only other game that comes close is Ark Survival Evolved (which is an unfinished game that is NOT optimized in any way).I can't believe they would release this game in such a state..... That's if you're playing the campaign. Multiplayer works fine and is amazing!Overall, I'd still recommend it. for $80 you get cod4 remastered and the multiplayer is still pretty stable on infinite warfare. Honestly, nobody buys COD for the 6 hour campaigns."
,Recommended,292730,26625387,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,AmmoCatcher,Graphics are nice... game play is good.... multiplayer is suffering from aimbotters already :(
76561198149579542,Not Recommended,292730,34917369,Posted: 13 September,all,BallPitz,best frozen screen simulator of what ever year this game was released
76561198049873541,Not Recommended,292730,26424249,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,joncording12,"This game is absolutely terrible. I am an exlcusive Multiplayer only and didn't try the single player campaign in my attempted play so it could be fine.I'm a left handed gamer and so mapped the movement controls to the right side of the keyboard, to the arrows. This game does not work with arrows full stop. For a start, you can only move forwards and left/right at the same time if you are sprinting. So when you stop sprinting to aim whilst still moving forward, you are then locked from going left or right. I tried it with WASD and that works fine. Likewise in BF1 my arrows work fine so it's not those.Second of all, this doesn't properly support 21:9. Okay many games don't but in this game, the text (chat etc.) looks horrific. Almost as if the text was at 800x400 but everything else is fine.Having played BF1 and TF2 recently I know that my PC can very easily handle Ultra settings yet this gameplay still looked shocking.Oh and sensitivity is off the scale. If you set your mouse sensitivity low, if you quickly move it to aim at someone it jumps at fricken light speed and of course you over aim, but then that mechanic vanishes entirely once you're aiming.Appauling launch - I will be seeking a refund"
76561198144977790,Recommended,292730,27558632,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Windows 10 cs.money,"Not a bad game, despite the reviews. definently had a good time playing it and would suggest if your a fan of the latest call of dutys, you'll like this one. Only thing i would recommend is to not buy the legacy edition. currently on PC we cannot play MWR at all, and i have became very frusturated over that fact due to paying more to be able to play it. sadly, raven nor activision care about the fact that their game is unavailable to half the gaming community, and continue to only help out console. Untill then, unless your cool with wasting 20$, stick to the base edition.UPDATE: Don't buy this game. no one plays it and you'll wanna shoot yourself for being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buying a game from activision."
76561198132671731,Not Recommended,292730,26513902,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,✪ Shroud,"The game has many issues, nr1.no dedicated serversnr2 lots of cheaters in my expierince, after day 3nr3 Bad hit registration (snipers)from all of the snipers only the widow maker scopes fast,the rest are just hitmarker machienesnr4 it's basicly a Smg only codand i've played to +1 prestige.i'm gonna refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,26513681,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Moist Bingle,"Where do I start COD IW isnt to bad of a game,it would be fun as a time passer. It is a mix between cod bo3 and aw. if you want to buy this just make sure that you are prepared for 12 year olds that stole there mothers credit card and a salty community EXAMPLE: My team lost Me: GG GENERICFAGUSERNAME: NO NOT GG BLEACH YOUR SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,292730,32684619,Posted: 23 June,all,Savage,cod is so ded
,Recommended,292730,32701521,Posted: 23 June,all,[xG] Hii Power,This game sucks. :>
,Not Recommended,292730,30272015,Posted: 1 March,all,^1self,Feels like an unfinished version of Black Ops III
,Not Recommended,292730,30133026,Posted: 23 February,all,Speedee,Waiting For 4 More Players...Disconnected from game...♥♥♥♥♥..
,Not Recommended,292730,30172035,Posted: 25 February,all,TCG,The worst Call of Duty PC experience yet.
,Recommended,292730,30162593,Posted: 25 February,all,ClearShot,"Actually Really Good game.semi-balanced, just wish that type 2 would be nerfed but overall good multiplayer.Also i like zombies."
,Recommended,292730,28799985,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,falmtr896,"This game is amazing runs smoothly on my PC. I have had a great experience so far. The single player for iw warfare was surprisingly good and entertaining unlike other titles. The multiplayer experience is also a great one where you can find alot of good games to play if u have alot of friends to join with you i have never encountered any cheaters or anything of the sort, main complaints on multiplayer is that there are alot of cheaters online but this statement is completely false and is just an excuse that bad players use when they are not good in a game. Modern Warfare remastered was a huge plus as well the multiplayer experience is great and the community there is definitely better than in iw where you have kids running around that suck terribly at the game and blame it on developers. The developers have put alot of effort in the game only to betrayed by players of the franchise hopefully the situation stays as it is as the gameply is great so far but there are alot of beginners and low skilled players that ruin the game. Highly recommend it during this winter sale and hopeflly alot of you will enjoy it like me as well."
,Recommended,292730,28596925,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KiritoKun,"I love the game, if you a new player, it's not that hard to start know something about the game.If you ask me, I say buy it.."
,Recommended,292730,29321469,Posted: 17 January,all,retr0,Honestly i really like it;Great campain (amazing story and variety with  the upagrades and jackal fights/upgrades)Great zombies (basically activison zombies (which is amazing))The multiplayer is pretty good just the servers are not that full but the rest is goodI think that this game would have done well sue to all of the above but it was just released at the wrong time when the community wanted somthing else.
,Not Recommended,292730,30205589,Posted: 26 February,all,RabidCrocMan,"Call of Duty: Infinite WarfareSo how to sum this great game up...After 30 minuets of waiting and watching this game crash I can say EVERYONE should buy this game,It's the best CoD game to date a solid 11/10This game makes other FPS games looks like amoeba that just crawled out of the ocean,Can't wait to play again ^^"
76561198264236665,Not Recommended,292730,30132597,Posted: 23 February,all,Yung Pearboi,"I downloaded this, took me about 2 hours.2 hours of waiting and watching youtube I get on a game thinking ""well this game may not be as bad as they say""1st game i join is filled with sweaty a$$ kids that probably sold poptarts at school just to get enough cash to buy thisand they think ""oh today im going to be an as$w1pe because i have no school today!!If you are considering to download this bu11cr4p. Don't waste your time on this, It's not worth it.-------------------------Zombies is kinda fun tho. Enjoyed it alot!Subscribe to my YT Channel pls xDDDD"
76561198067606817,Not Recommended,292730,26432288,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bumblemorë,"Worst game I've ever played, belongs to the same trash category as the other exo-bunny-jumping-pls_give_us_your_money -games.Here's why this game sucks:-The menu keeps freezing when going to settings .-The game starts in windowed mode no matter what the settings.-Multiplayer is horrible; everyone just uses those f*cking robot characters with laser pistols and literally rapes-This makes me want to kys.-You can't even go to campaign without the game freezing.-Menu music sucks.-The introduction to mp was boring and got me very tilted due to the fact that ♥♥♥♥ couldn't be skipped.If you want to mw remastered go for it, but don't even dare to install this. The game developers would need to pay you when you play this game, that's how bad this is. -10/-10 would never play again."
76561198002243978,Recommended,292730,30138468,Posted: 24 February,all,Mr Happy,Game is just pure W**K
76561198113825837,Not Recommended,292730,26440734,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,999,"F#ck this game, retard game ever = where is remastered ?!?!?!?!The Game only freeze or Crash!wtf is wrong with the developers? selling a product that's not working ?!??My only wish = Refund my money!"
,Recommended,292730,30187339,Posted: 25 February,all,qzacidman,A wide majority of the reviews here are bogus! Reviewed by free weekenders and people that are bias against the game simply because it isn't more of the same. Bottom line it's a very solid video game with the best COD campaign to date. It's well worth the $30 I spent. I've never been more baffled by the hatred a game has recieved. All of the hate is unwarranted plain and simple.
76561198008205364,Not Recommended,292730,30189795,Posted: 26 February,all,[NA]NOIZA,"This game has too much blure in graphics everywhere (everything looks annoying for eyes)  and it It requires the best computer components for playing it without any ""dirt"" on your screen (no idea why is it so because pictures in this COD:IW and COD:MW3 are same)The game is not better than COD:MW2 yet... Also it's a pitty that i need to buy this strange one to play COD remastered :(THE FUTURE IS NOT THE THING YOU MUST PUT IN CALL OF DUTY! (paradoxically it's boring and not alive like the present)THE PRESENT IS MUCH BETTER TO ACT IN!STOP RUIN THE GAME!"
76561198358166773,Not Recommended,292730,30020574,Posted: 18 February,all,michaelboy165,this game is terrible every time i load zombies on solo it laggs on the animation video and comes up lost connection to the host spent £80 on this game and is crap
,Recommended,292730,29062781,Posted: 6 January,all,Pete9xi,"Although I'm new to PC gaming I have been playing games for years on the consoles so far I have enjoyed the multiplayer seems to be a lot more better than advanced warfare, was a bit concerned with the minimum requirements however I can say the game has preformed well on the stock settings with the follow spec:Intel core2quad Q9300GTX 670 4GB8GB DDR3Hope this info helps a fellow gamer just starting out."
76561198301177945,Not Recommended,292730,31224540,Posted: 18 April,all,p037sh4d0w,"I have played and loved every last Call of Duty game there is in existence. This one is as generic and meh as it gets. lol. All right, it's not ""horrible"", just meh. There are several frustrating things that makes me think that the developers are legitamately out to screw with people. For one, you cannot access game options at the main menu or in a lobby... So when my resolution was screwed up for some reason I couldn't find the option because I had to go through a bunch of crap. That is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing I have ever encountered. Controls, placements, etc. at the multiplayer screen while in lobby is gd awful. The entire UI of the entire game is just awkward af and is, in my opinion, illogical.Campaign: The campaign was the most meh thing I have ever played. So much so that after the first few missions I stopped and went straight to multiplayer. There are really very few COD campaigns that have ever pulled me in. It's just not a franchise that makes you interested in the characters. I LOVED BO3 campaign - they kept it interesting. I LOVE BO1 campaign - same thing. BO2 campaign was more like an experiment to test the waters for the new style. Advanced Warfare campaign was cool with how theymade you just want to crush that dudes soul at the end.MW3 campaign was good. MW2 campaign was decent. etc...Multiplayer: Multiplayer is not full of complete bullcrap. Bullet damage is okay for the most part. It gets annoying when you hear ""enemy has a UAV in your area"" 6 times within 30 seconds. Yes, that happens. Everything everyone has said about scorestreaks is true. They're just stupid. The ""specialist"" streaks are the same kind of meh. The maps are the same 3lane bullcrap as BO3 but they don't offend as much in this one imo. Melee is better, you don't have people somehow wacking you across the head with wrenches the entire freaking match even after you shoot them while they're sliding towards you like in BO3. Same goes to the annoying snipers that jump over debris and shoot you from a mile away not even giving you a chance- doesn't happen no where near as much.Zombies: If this zombies came seperate from the game, I would buy it. It's weird. The zombies don't start running like crack-heads on round three. They get increasingly stronger and level out making play much more consitent with the level unlike almost ALL of the other zombies in the other CODs. I'm not saying that it stays easy, but if you suck at zombies - you at least have a chance to make it past round 6: congratulations.Cross-board: The guns are generic. Energy weapons get annoying. Assault-rifles are FINALLY more powerful (but less mobile and slower firing) than SMGs. LMGs are finally god-sent anvil hammers that take 3 seconds to aim with.Overall it looks like a 4 man studio made the entire game in less than a month. Very very average and not worth $99 for the digital deluxe. Hell, not even worth the $60 for the normal one."
76561198246607700,Not Recommended,292730,29043022,Posted: 5 January,all,420RXplants,"This call of duty is horrible. the ingame store does not work for PC version (for me atleast). The servers constantly have connection issues, and there is hardly any players to even play cod with. I been getting sick of call of duty more and more. Not buying a game from them ever again."
,Not Recommended,292730,29956220,Posted: 15 February,all,Biggie Cheese,It sucks monkey butts like all the ♥♥♥♥ing rest.
,Recommended,292730,30181575,Posted: 25 February,all,Nalmon lft,"Very good game, but not for me"
76561198314166759,Not Recommended,292730,30730037,Posted: 25 March,all,Bryanmichael743,hate it
,Recommended,292730,30637091,Posted: 20 March,all,pandaeyeEes,"People saying this is♥♥♥♥♥♥probably have a hsitty computer, I find this game easy, atleast on HC TDM, 30 frags average."
76561198203292090,Recommended,292730,30609975,Posted: 19 March,all,magic.mattress,"This game gets very unfairly downvoted when the single player in particular is a great game. The graphics are excellent, it is very stable and scales well to all levels of hardware and overall it is a very polished campaign. The only real issue I had is stuttering video/audio in some of the cut scenes which makes them all but unwatchable.The setting is obviously different from COD games before and people seem to hate that. If you took away the COD name and released this as an original title in itself, I am sure the feelings would be very different.Of course the story is forgettable and the campaign isn't overly long (as is typical with COD) but the core gameplay is very much COD with a few twists.This game LOVES memory and vram with it taking over 9gb of system ram and chewing up pretty much all of my 8gb of vram at 4k. Though the game uses as much memory as it can get, I know it can run on lesser systems and make do with less. I get a pretty steady 60fps at 4k with max settings (apart from AA) with very few fps drops.I don't care about the multiplayer so for me this game didn't disappoint. If you are looking for a scifi kind of setting for a shooter, you could do a lot worse than this game.SP campaign is something I would highly recommend"
,Not Recommended,292730,28703647,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,niggster,this game is so bad that it gave me more autism than five nights at freddy's
,Recommended,292730,29169728,Posted: 10 January,all,Midway_Destruction,I love this game! cant really see the problem with taking stuff out off Halo. halo is a great game and I have always wanted it to com for PC. so I am really happy to see sutch a great game frachise take another great franchise and combine them.- Good job Activision!
76561198056919051,Recommended,292730,29068143,Posted: 6 January,all,Juda Zee,i have bought the delux vesion. where and when i dowload the remasterd ?help please??
,Not Recommended,292730,30210280,Posted: 26 February,all,EatingUrPretzels,Since this game was free to play over the weekend. I never really got a chance to play because I could not join any games. Had NAT open as well. I really wanted to give this game a chance.......
76561198059071172,Not Recommended,292730,30231164,Posted: 27 February,all,miko_masayuki,gg no re
76561198313618722,Not Recommended,292730,30231518,Posted: 27 February,all,si sos chileno muteame,not an enjoyable game very bad
76561197968571854,Recommended,292730,30231876,Posted: 27 February,all,shookfree,excellent campaign
76561198197964326,Not Recommended,292730,29655623,Posted: 2 February,all,MADHOUSE,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and it lags alot in multiplayer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT A WASTE OF MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY TOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,26440303,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,RazGriz,ProsAwesome CampaignConsZombie is no longer horror or creepy based...zombie map too complicated with lot of bling2 and stuffmultiplayer suck i prefer playing the MWR multiplayeri recommend them solely for the campaign and i hope they can give the future DLC that continue the story of the game ...
76561197985177086,Not Recommended,292730,26411314,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DeveN,"gtx 980 ti with i7-4790, 32 gb ram.40 minutes of Infinite loading single player and lobby closing MP.Couldn't play one minute of actual game.could see me trying to play this game for more than 3 hours then failing to get refund.so I refunded it right now.will consider buying it again like 3 months later with sale but right now, just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30201383,Posted: 26 February,all,jack,"Another boring Call of Duty game. Terrible multiplayer, looks like it came out in 2012. I played it for free and it was still a rip off."
76561198102416964,Not Recommended,292730,29351190,Posted: 18 January,all,Hornet,"10: Spends 20 minutes trying to just find a lobby for TDM20: Finally finds one after what felt like an eternity30: Countdown goes to 1, then ""Unable to connect""40: Go to 10NOTE: I have a good Ethernet connection but this still happensIf you're looking for a decent campaign and zombies mode then you could definitely do worse than this, but multiplayer is atrocious and just feels like a bad mix of Titanfall and BO3"
,Recommended,292730,30186851,Posted: 25 February,all,TorMazila,Is this a shader preloading simulator?This is the best and slowest shader preloading simulator out there in the market!
76561198242897102,Not Recommended,292730,30163085,Posted: 25 February,all,Hackedshooter,"They need to make remastered a seperate game, infinite is dead."
,Not Recommended,292730,31071135,Posted: 10 April,all,Joker,Bought infiinite warfare and mwr for $100. Total waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. The multuplayer on mwr is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and has modders and can barely get into a match half of the time. Infinite warfare has better multiplayer. Dont recommend buying this for pc but it is very fun on xbox one and ps4.
,Not Recommended,292730,31072252,Posted: 10 April,all,Wisdom,"Honestly, I've always been a fan of Call of Duty because I grew up with it. Unfortunately, the sparse player base kills this game. The mechanics in it are great and it's a fun game to play (if you ever get in a match), but the small amount of players makes it frustrating. Not to mention, Activision is just looking for money but doesn't listen to its fan base, so a big minus there."
76561198062554342,Recommended,292730,30353097,Posted: 6 March,all,Janusz korwin-Mikke,As someone who totally dispise all classical cod games but loves arena shooters and titanfall i kinda like this game it feels like a less adrenalic and less fast version of titanfall with no minions.But even with that is still pretty good.ps optimization is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont reccomend to buy it for more than 25/30 bucks.
76561198049685651,Not Recommended,292730,33869447,Posted: 28 July,all,The Renegade,"I'd rather 6 large ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ break into my house and drag me into my backyard to ♥♥♥♥ me for 3 days straight until I die from dehydration than to re-install this game and play another second of it, awful servers awful gun balance, just an awful game all around. I understand that it's a CoD game, but it's worse than any of the previous ones I think I developed inoperable tumors just from confirming my purchase of this game. if you want cancer you can just buy this, if you don't want cancer just don't buy it, or even look at it."
,Not Recommended,292730,33865189,Posted: 28 July,all,SCYTH3,bad game
76561198152395055,Recommended,292730,30207075,Posted: 26 February,all,The Mutant Rat,dank
,Not Recommended,292730,30204219,Posted: 26 February,all,A N D R E X,"OMG, as a fan of MW2 and BO2 I can simply say that this is the worst game I have ever played. Going in I didn't have high hopes but I thought I could at least play for half an hour without wanting to kill myself. Remember if you want to play this game make sure to take your bleach."
76561198125297772,Not Recommended,292730,32303754,Posted: 9 June,all,Milkman,♥♥♥♥ hate this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit
,Not Recommended,292730,31152347,Posted: 15 April,all,TheThicc_Boi,"Infinite warfare campaign was meh multiplayer is lacking players and 1 out of ever 2 matches have atleast 1 hacker who can have anything from 1 hour to 100+ (Vac doesnt work in these games i guess)Modern Warfare Remastered multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Still has problems it had at launch runs like crap stutters for no reason what so ever tested it on my gtx950 2gb ssc,fx6300 be and on a friends gtx 1080 8GB,i7-7700K Both ran the same putting the game on low did nothing."
,Not Recommended,292730,30734569,Posted: 25 March,all,Database,"Get the game if you just want to play Zombies and the Campaign, which are good.Stay out of Multiplayer. Cheaters galore even with VAC being enabled, takes like 20 minutes to find a match (Why is P2P still a thing?), you'll most likely end up with a 3v3 match with a host that lives in the middle of the Indian Ocean with AOL dial up, and get penalized for leaving early if you get disconnected.Like I said if you want to just play the campaign and maybe Zombies, get it, it's very good.If you want to play MP, get Battlefield or BO3. Don't buy Infinite Warfare (like my dumbass self did)."
,Not Recommended,292730,30157448,Posted: 24 February,all,emulaton,call of duty is deadnot even worth it on sale
,Not Recommended,292730,31892754,Posted: 21 May,all,Nailington,I feel like there's some typos in the title.  I think they meant Call of Doody: Infinite ♥♥♥♥♥how.
76561198250892532,Not Recommended,292730,28964695,Posted: 2 January,all,joydutta84,I dont like the flying movement
,Not Recommended,292730,32245803,Posted: 7 June,all,God bless America,"Damn, this game is freaking bad. Cutscenes` audio lags all the damn time (GTX 770, play GTA5 and BF4 on ultra on 60-80 FPS), + it sometimes lags in the gameplay process. Story is pure BS. Looks like the only things that somehow saved the sales of IW are Connor McGregor and Kit Harington. Fans of COD, MMA and GOT saved the game a bit, but that`s wasn`t enough. Ok, they buy the game, but you should freaking make them play, not just buy it. `Aight, looks like adverts and McGregor`s face made some people BUY this game but playing it is under a big, big question...Had some problems with multiplayer - couldn`t connect me to the servs. Now, after like 1 hour of trying to find an answer, MP works but I don`t really want to play it. Some weapons are 2 OP in this game, so all 3 team deathmatches I got rekt, `cos I couldn`t even really do anything to my enemies with stock weapons, while others had top-tier ones. In older games there was nearly no gap between top-tier and low-tier, so everyone had a chance to kill a 10-prestige guy.The only thing, that is really cool and fun about this game is Zombies. This game mode is really fun to play and well-made. If you could buy Zombies without the rest of the game, for about 10-15$, I would have bought it.The whole COD:IW is a waste of 35 dollars. I do not advise you to buy that piece of crap, better save that money for some other games. I`m waiting for COD:WW2 - there`s a slight chance that devs realized their mistakes with that futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥ and finally made a nice game.3/10"
,Recommended,292730,29199720,Posted: 12 January,all,TarnishedChaos,Like the Single Player and the Zombies but the am dissipointed about the multiplayer does not have Search and Destroy playlist.  If you put the Search and Destroy playlist back in this game it would be ok again.
,Not Recommended,292730,30184804,Posted: 25 February,all,sate,"i mean, if you have 60 bucks to waste on♥♥♥♥♥♥at least waste it on the good♥♥♥♥♥♥like titanfall2"
76561198034974842,Not Recommended,292730,30168680,Posted: 25 February,all,evil fear me,bad
76561197971069632,Not Recommended,292730,30246412,Posted: 28 February,all,John,bad texture even on high definition and very bad connection long in
76561198164560337,Not Recommended,292730,30606020,Posted: 18 March,all,jack,sooooooooo rest in pees this game :P
76561198095745127,Not Recommended,292730,30494578,Posted: 13 March,all,Endurance,"Value for Money :: No {Campaign was good, but I Don't want to see a Movie, give me Skip !!}Bought this game Instead of Negative Reviews being a COD Fan, but was Disappointed.Crahes Frequently, No In-game sound for my Alienware, Mission Hangs or Freeze Screen.. and the list goes on.."
,Not Recommended,292730,30496874,Posted: 13 March,all,Indoorguitar38,This game lacks the bushes I desire to win a game. Also they are too low resolution.
76561198157459401,Not Recommended,292730,30501556,Posted: 13 March,all,wing chicken,ITS TERRIBLE
,Not Recommended,292730,30485542,Posted: 12 March,all,Werner hellcase.com,Kak Game never buy this game you connot play online
76561198117844468,Not Recommended,292730,30186881,Posted: 25 February,all,Krei,cant play anything♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197974314709,Not Recommended,292730,30186526,Posted: 25 February,all,Space Rabbit,"Last time I played a game in the Call of Duty series was Modern Warfare. Given that there was a free weekend, I decided to give it a try.After a couple of hours, I had to uninstall. The amount of hackers in this game is surreal. There's nothing more enjoyable than getting wrecked my aimbots shortly after spawn. Not to mention the useless garbage that has been added to the series.This game is garbage. This game isn't even worth the free weekend."
,Not Recommended,292730,30199536,Posted: 26 February,all,Zyra,i rly installed this 40GB waste of sh it just to post a negative reviewnow i want my time back
76561198256796477,Recommended,292730,29294846,Posted: 16 January,all,13ninjafox,lol bought this just for the zombies i have always like their zombies they need to just stop all of it and only make zombie games i know they would be better at it :D
76561198058681057,Not Recommended,292730,26445343,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Your Pet Weasel,"Terrible port, cant break 30fps on lowest settings with a 980ti."
,Not Recommended,292730,26442423,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blackdiamondz,"Worse part about the game: They split the PC community. People that buy the game on the windows store cannot play with people that buy the game on steam... What was even the point of this ???Anyways. The game is exactly like all the other call of duty's. It's a fast paced shooter that has no real thought behind it except for: aim the gun, then hold the fire button.The campaign:♥♥♥♥♥♥story, had a few cool dogfighter missions.The Multiplayer: Very easy, exactly like everyother call of duty multiplayer, aim and shoot, everyone is garbage, and 1 weapons beats them all.The Zombies: I only played 1 game of zombies so i'm not the best person to ask about it. But from my experience it was awful. I remember playing tons of nazi zombies in WaW and this zombies felt nothing like that.1/10 why did I buy this???"
76561198009152420,Not Recommended,292730,26619177,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jeremy Christ,Ininite warfare is trash. Spent $80 to play modern warfare remastered and its a horrible port.
76561198339570116,Not Recommended,292730,26675843,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,keivan64,The only thing that I can say is that I just wasted my money and time. I am one of the COD fan but Infinite warfare ... no. Without any doubt this is a disaster. I definitely regret that I bought it and it also has technical issues. crashes too many time.
,Not Recommended,292730,26531390,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,UBetteRuN,"so WHERE TO START ....1- my first 8 hour of play was fun , MP was pretty good with some freeze issues but not a problem really . second the zombie was my favorite part of the game , im fan of zombie since black ops 1 and this one is very unique and attractive with some features that i was waiting for years .2- The campaing , didnt touch yet but i would like to but ........3- since today THE GAME IS ABSOLUTLY THE WORST I EVER SAW , like the menu is freezing , cant start a single MP or zombie game for some reason lol . steam dont want to refund after 2 hour of play but damn the game is just unplayable .4- i dont recommend this game for anyone , i hope a update is coming cause for now i feel like they steal my money HOLD UP MY bank account . i bought this game for zombie and only thing i can play is ctrl delete task manage to stop the crap game .7/10 before that but now 0/10 worst then no man sky , i want a refund so bad !!!!!!!!"
76561198072223920,Not Recommended,292730,26630967,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jewst,"Worst game ever, multiplayer is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥spaceland ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The zombies has 20min queue time here in the Netherlands.Modern Warfare remastered has bad fps on my gtx 1070 and is not playable because of that.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥steam should refund me this game never seen something as bad as this"
76561198249439108,Recommended,292730,26638263,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,KiXiT™,Here is a over all review:Zombies - 10/10 would buy 10 types of grenades againCampagin - 8/10 would do side quests againMultiplayer - 2/10 would never go over 5 kills againBut the mulyiplayer is really bad.  There are hackers. When you join a lobby it is filled with hardcore lvl 50 gamers.  And if there not hard core there hackers.Overall rating - 7/10
76561198010722089,Not Recommended,292730,26673695,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Magic,"Game crashes, wont load, horrible i would take black ops 3 over this anyday. The aim assit is to overpowering for the guys who dont get it with a keyboard and mouse, anyone using a contoller instantly locks onto you with zero recoil, and when you use a mouse your all over the place! Horrible game definitely requesting my money back. MWR was the whole reason I bought this game but even that does not work and no one even plays it. took me 25 mins to find a lobby just for the server to go down. and when there is only 300 people playing the game its not worth it"
,Not Recommended,292730,26724387,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Damn it,"Just like Call of Duty Ghost, it just sucks. So far Treyarch make the best game for Call of Duty."
,Recommended,292730,27007322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Holty[<3],Classic Call of Duty. Multiplayer is fast paced and excellent fun.The Single-player campaign has a newer twist on it adding a little more interest in this area.Zombies mode is almost a copy of Treyarch's meaning it is also as fun as ever.
,Recommended,292730,27355345,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dillpickle,"I cannot recommend this game to casual players that play multiplayer. It's not a finished game many features are missing making multiplayer unenjoyable. If you only get cod mainly for single player then I would recommend it, I had a lot of fun. Also to the zombie players reading this I would also recommend zombies is this game, having lots of fun playing that."
76561198336418308,Recommended,292730,26693141,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spook_32,"nice gamenice graphics but i think, it lack the story and i've had finnish this game in just 15 hours on hard difficulty. hahha i want more,more, more and more"
,Recommended,292730,27749678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Señora Celinda☣,"If you like the idea of space travel, this game is for you.  I like the stages.   Frost, is a stage on Jupiter's moon Europa.  The Moon is belived to have oxygen in its atmosphere."
76561198051717200,Recommended,292730,28091008,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Seulx2,"I like to play single player campaigns whenever I play new gamesI first saw the reviews and I must say I have to disagree with the majorityMy personal opinion: I like this game. Absolutely loved it.Cutscenes, graphics, new gadgets and gameplay was a welcome new change for me.I enjoyed playing most of MW series, and like most people, MW1 and MW2 are my favorite.Still, I say I enjoyed playing IW because they are always trying something new.It means that they are working hard to give the gamers new experience.While I was playing IW, I really wanted to appreciate the developers for what they did.It's not a cheap rip-off of a franchise. This game deserves better.About the length of the story and pricing: Not long enough? Maybe.If you compare it with open worlds and RPGs, it's very short.Perhaps it is a little overpriced, but I think it's reasonable.All the new features were well integrated with the game itself,and the whole experience leads to immersive gameplay and satisfaction.To be fair, I bought it during Black Friday sales so. I'm happy with it.And yeah the multiplayer mode. I hold my comment on that.First, because I am not very good at it. Second, I don't play it.Verdict: I'd give 8/10 overall for bringing a whole new experience to CoD franchise."
,Recommended,292730,28111395,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Last Laff,winwar has better servers then this game game is still fun
76561198018654919,Not Recommended,292730,28279184,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,blakestagner,"I want a refund. No one plays, and the servers suck. Worse than Pokemon Go"
,Recommended,292730,28332840,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,A B D U L M A J E E D,i want Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® Remastered DLChow be take it only ??
76561197968149642,Recommended,292730,27722448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Madoka,"the single player is GREATthe MP not so much, without any anticheat the game isinfested with cheaters right now"
,Recommended,292730,28521417,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,流弊667 CSGONECRO.COM,"Fun Game, Though the lack of players on it are awfull. Zombies is really fun though!"
,Not Recommended,292730,27539774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,isaac,"piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, 91 fps cap, built in mouse accel you can't ♥♥♥♥ing turn off(all applies to modern shitfare remastered horse♥♥♥♥♥♥. No players, didn't even have search and destroy and half the other gamemodes my friend said the game had on console. Waste of my god damn money"
,Recommended,292730,27952017,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spookygod,"The multiplayer is terrible, I don't even care to try out the campaign, but the zombies is pretty damn great, it's literally the only reason I bought it, and I'm looking forward to future zombies content, besides that I don't care."
,Recommended,292730,30168911,Posted: 25 February,all,Stephen Paddock,"OK SO a large number of people are hating on this game... there are some diffrences from other titles like Modern Warfare, whatever, CoD will never be like that again period. I dont know why eveyone is comparing this good game with titles from 5+ years ago... and then wanting remakes or ""Boots on the ground"" it makes no sense. It is an overall good game you just need to get better reactions to play mutiplayer thats it. ----They also added anti cheat a few months ago---------"
,Not Recommended,292730,26532459,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,2Pro4U,"Do you like smooth multiplayer that showcases your skill and your quick reflexes? Well ♥♥♥♥ you, this game has lag compensation so that's impossible. Basically when you play against others, the developers have made the game give people with fast connections lag, so you get equal lag to the most laggy person you're playing with.It's basically a horrible ♥♥♥♥♥torm when playing against noobs. For one, it doesn't work, and secondly, it works even worse than you're currently imagining.Do you want mouse smoothing on by default? Hey it's got that. Do you want to have to set launch options just to turn it off? Cool.Do you want a game, where when you change the fov, it adjust to your mouse sensitivty too? Well its got that.Do you like to type text out in the lobby to other players while you wait for the next map to load? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, you can't.Do like it when games are aware that certain items are still locked, so it doesn't add those locked items to challenges after prestiging? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥If you like playing with turds floating around in the toilet, I highly recommend this game, because it is exactly what you are looking for.Would you want a scoreboard to track how good players are in your current lobby, or in the MP mode you're in? You know, like Black Ops 3 has? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, there is no universal scoreboard.Do you want tiny ♥♥♥♥ing icons when you presitge that look worse than the original 55 levels of your player, hey the devs made them for you.The game lacks a huge amount of polish and features that Black Ops 3 had from launch. Stick with Black Ops 3 if you are thinking of switching."
76561198324801732,Not Recommended,292730,26679253,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GOOSEdungeon,when i open it it goes to black screen i do have correct specs. Any ideas?PLEASE
76561198080774121,Recommended,292730,27767228,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ChuckMaster,amazing campaign
76561197970519488,Recommended,292730,27768254,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CoreReflex,"I don't play regular multiplayer, so I won't comment on that, but I can say the single player campaign and Zombies in Spaceland modes are amazing."
,Recommended,292730,27978014,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ᵖᵘʳᵉ Hankey Spanky,Caner
,Recommended,292730,28012727,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,$hit at ow,"the game it's self is ok, but the zombies is on point. (also MWR)"
,Recommended,292730,26919876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aegon Targaryen,It's alright. Not the best but not the worst.
,Recommended,292730,27132424,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revenge,⁢
76561198340952956,Not Recommended,292730,27723576,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blank,SO BAD NO GUN GAME PLAYERS
,Recommended,292730,27771703,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chief Queef,Like a constant silver match
76561197970364376,Recommended,292730,27885985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ablazespace,"Thank you for this fantastic Sci-Fi campaign experience. The combination of briefing, going to the ship, launching, having a dogfight, fighting on a battleship in a space suite, entering the battleship, fighting throug the battleship just to leave it later on again in a ship - incredible, never saw something like this before. Loved the guest stars I know from Sci-Fi series like Babylon 5 or Farscape. Just wonderful."
,Recommended,292730,27904719,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Luna Butter,The thing i do not understand is why people who enjoy the call of duty games dislike this game. its a fun shooter that you can pick up play and still have fun! and im okay with the advanced movement. you can get the sneak attack from your enemys from above or shock them whith a nasty slide. the zombies is a fun suvival mode with tons of features to be looked at which will bring you back for another game everytime! ive never played much of the campain but the first mission but still looks very interesting. defentaly a game worth picking up if you want have a blast with your friends.
76561198093939747,Recommended,292730,27980836,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dasheadcrap,"Fantastic campaign with memorable characters, absoluetely stunning graphics that will make you feel like you're in a holywood film and of course zombies!"
76561198224635940,Recommended,292730,28208814,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Blue Phoenix,"By far the best COD made so far, but it was the most sentimental playtrough i have ever had."
,Recommended,292730,28396597,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mortov Molotov,"I really don't understand what all the negative commentary was about. Just finished the single player, and I really loved it. Truth be told, I'm somewhat of a science-fiction fan, space travelling included. So, I might be biased here.Off course, I doubt a COD single player story will ever be as good as MW3 or Black Ops I, but it is really enjoyable with some memorable missions. Unlike e.g. Black Ops II, this will be a campaign I will play again in some time.I cannot comment on multiplayer yet, and I probably won't, because as a father of three, I cannot ""train"" enough to be of any use online ;-)Rating: 4/5 - kick♥♥♥♥♥Peace to the fallen!"
76561198057203954,Recommended,292730,28513243,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Afromankey,"This game is not as bad as it is portrayed. The campaign is fun in the fact that now there are side missions and space battles that a person can embark on, the story is the same as any other COD: Get attacked fight back. THe multiplayer isnt bad either most of the guns are pretty balanced there is not one gun everyone is using, supply drops can't be bought so thats a good upgrade. I also don't know about the hackers in the matches since I havent seen any but there are probably a few. The best part about this game is the zombies I think it is the best one yet they did what past games did well but then expanded on it with new mechanics and it is very fun to play with friends. I recommend this game especially if it goes on sale."
76561198175220306,Recommended,292730,28521078,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,atkinscallum52,i really like it . its a great game! 10/10!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30187480,Posted: 25 February,all,SatanicSpongebob,Step 1: open gameStep 2: Join a matchStep 3: Uninstall gameStep 4: ????Step 5: Profit
,Recommended,292730,28846382,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DIEU DU JAMBON,there is a lot of nagative reviews for no reason imo been playing most cod and this one is less exagerated then Bo3 imo
,Not Recommended,292730,34614943,Posted: 30 August,all,McRonGGBone,COD 4 REMASTER的画质还真是提升了不少COD 13 IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T要不是捆一块儿才不买
,Not Recommended,292730,33618383,Posted: 17 July,all,joeforit,"Sometimes fun game, garbage port."
,Recommended,292730,33648285,Posted: 19 July,all,iGoldenMonkey,"VERY UNDERRATED!!!! This game has been under constant fire from the gaming community for the past year! But most people who hate on it so much havent even played it. A few people said hey this game looks like literal ♥♥♥♥ing autism and then every other childish niqqer said ""i NeEd To Be CoOl So I cAn HaVe FrIeNdS"" and started with these ♥♥♥♥♥. the game is very entertaining and other than obviously BO2 one of my favorite call of duty games of all time. MWR is♥♥♥♥♥btw."
,Recommended,292730,33663846,Posted: 19 July,all,♛✡[NDS]✡♛,this game is sick
76561198055899281,Not Recommended,292730,30190663,Posted: 26 February,all,Moosehead700,"Graphically it looks nice, gameplay is boring, i could only find a TDM match (literally waited for like 30 minutes in certain playlists i really wanted to play and not a single person was found) The matches i played online ran pretty well on max graphics its not like a bad port its just a bad game, hence the bad reviews. All in all i cant believe im saying this but i would actually buy it if it was like $15 or lower, but for the none exsistent player base its not worth $30. How it runs 7/10 How it plays (Gameplay) 5/10. Skip until its REALLY cheap."
,Recommended,292730,34349072,Posted: 19 August,all,TheLegend2914 | trade.tf,"This is the best game ever plz buy it. Excellent campaign , multiplayer."
76561198025938704,Not Recommended,292730,26701533,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dr.NaCl,zombies is the only good thing
,Recommended,292730,26567725,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FoH | Sku!!y512,"I've seen a lot of hate towards this game, but i really must admit it has really grown on me. The multiplayer is obviously my favorite part of the game, it is fast paced which I must admit took some getting used to, as a camper and sniper on mw2 there is no chance of that on this game. All in all a decent game. Not played the campain yet so cant comment on that."
76561198171354842,Not Recommended,292730,26568689,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bravo777,"CALL OF DUTY - Infinite IssuesWhy the game sucks:1) It gets very boring very quickly because of the lack of human expression. All the characters are just robot clad packs with types of helmets.2) There was no development done in terms of urban  terrain. Here they had Infinite possibilities to create a spectacular outdoor terrain, caves, geysers, clouds by pretending to have an atmosphere that is similar to the Earth's which is breathable. So what do we get? Boring unimaginative dungeon like designs inside boring space stations.Variation is what makes a game good and this game has:* 0% variation between open air and enclosed spaces.* 0% variation between light and dark.* 0% variation in the distances in which players engage each other on.* 0% expression on characters faces.3) Instead of boots on the ground the characters and weapons have the look and feel of comic book characters! Seriously guys could you not come up with something better? Whoever is the overall person in charge of the project should really consider some of the reasons BO2 is still so popular after so many years, literally years, of playing and incorporate those key design principles into IW.SUGGESTION:Bring out some DLC along the following lines:A) The war has moved to some exo planets which have a similar atmosphere to Earth so characters can dump their space suits and helmets so we can emotionally associate and bond with the characters in an immersive experience.B) Design possibilities are endless in terms s of a fresh boots on the ground experience, new fauna, flora, gravity, weather, day night cycles, caves, water, bush.C) Have the super distance travel machine that sends in the troops go naked because of some glitch with any extra matter becoming untangled into the subject when the molecules are reassembled. This gives design a reason to equip the troops only with weapons that are very similar to ballistic weapons that we love from BO2.D) Fix the In Game search engine so that players can see how many people are in a lobby they would like to join. The core idea of multiplayer is to find other players and play a game together and for some strange reason this feature is not available in IW. ( A major design omission which needs to be corrected)E) Bring some of the multiplayer matches back to Earth and make us fight some of the elements here as normal spec op soldiers. ( I have bought the digital deluxe version of this game but I am so disappointed that I will never ever pre order anything from COD again unless the developers do something drastic to turn this title around.IW have infinite possibilities that can be corrected with dlc but until then it's a weak member of a otherwise very strong franchise that has had its image hurt by not sticking to key principles that ma!es COD one of the best game developers in the world.Come on COD, save this title from Infinite Infamy, please!REQUEST: Please like this review if you want DLC changes that dumps space suits but keeps the space theme."
,Recommended,292730,26575457,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,WarTempest,"Pretty fun campaign...multiplayer for infinite warfare is pretty dead. Should have got the remastered...which I would like to upgrade to, but there is no option to upgrade."
76561197982969940,Recommended,292730,26606443,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vault Boi,"I don't normally write reviews, but I felt like I should for this game.  I will say that this game is definitely not for everybody.I have put in enough time in to this game to beat the campaign, get to level 10 on zombies, and play about an hour of multiplayer, and I can say, that so far I am enjoying myself very much.MULTIPLAYER:the multiplayer is for the most part the same as black ops 3, in the regard that there is boost jumping, and specialists.  I wasn't able to find a loby very often, so if you're someone who primarily plays multiplayer, get this game on xbox or ps4.I had fun playing the multiplayer, It plays a lot like black ops 3 did, but the weapons are a lot different.  I didn't play enough to get the crazy weapons that give bonuses out of supply drops, but they seem interesting.  Supply drops give you cosmetic items, like bo3, and weapons, like bo3.  The thing is, it doesn't have as many supply drop only weapons.  Instead it gives you variants that giv eyou bonuses after performing actions in game.  It is a very interesting mechanic and I look forward to seeing where it goes later in the season.CAMPAIGN:I had a blast with this campaign.  I went in to it with an open mind, and left being glad that I did.  after the first fifteen minutes, I found myself hooked, and wanted to play more, and more, until it ended.  The story is great, and the soundtrack is great, on numerous occasionsI have found myself listening to the soundtrack for this game just casually.  The campaign itself plays really well, it is much more open worlded then any other cod campaign I have played to date.  It has threee types of missions: the main campaign, Jackal strikes, and more stealthy missions, the latter consisted of some of my favourite side missions overall.  Such as donning the mission of a SDF soldier and going to disable life support.  Or going in guns blazing through an asteroid field in anti gravity.  The campaign is great, in my opinion, and it has the added bonus of coming with MWR, if you spend the extra $20, which is worth it in my opinion.ZOMBIES:I am a huge fan of zombies.  My first zombies game was BO2, and I loved it, bought BO3, loved it, and thought I'd try infinite warfare as it looked like a fun version of zombies as opposed to treyarch.  Infinity ward had had high expectations for zombies, with their game coming right after a treyarch title, but people weren't expecting something amazing after exo zombies. But I was pleasantly suprised when I booted up Zombies in Spaceland for the first time.  I explored the map, and got a good feel for it.  Since then, I have played about 10 games, and gotten to level 10.  I will say that it has the same system as multiplayer with supply drops, but instead of a third item, it gives y0ou a fate and fortune card booster pack, which is used in game.  If you want a good feel for the mechanics, look it up on youtube.   But I was fortunate enough to get a weapon that has an ability on it that gives you a random perk every time you get 75 kills without going into last stand.  Which is great.  I love this game mode.   It made me laugh a ton, and I love the fact that Infinity ward isn't taking themselves remotely seriously, which is a great change from treyarch.CONCLUSION:This game isn't for everyone, but myself, being someone who loves CoD zombies and sci fi games, I am having a blast with this game so far.  I highly reccomend it to any fans of zombies out there, and people who want a great campaign.  IF you're someone who would only play multiplayer, I would strongly advise you buy this game on console, because there isn't enough of a player pase for that to be the only thing for you to play.  This game doesn't deserve the amount of hate it is getting, it is one of my favourite games right now, and I hope more people stop hating on it because of boost jumping and battlefield 1, and just give it a shot.I fully intend on updating this review as the dlc releases."
76561198069509620,Not Recommended,292730,28967642,Posted: 2 January,all,vahdyx,I personally didn't enjoy this game. All the negative reviews are pretty much how I feel. It's just not the game I was hoping for.
76561198120289376,Not Recommended,292730,28443369,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Gonzila6,"not recomended. first of all, no split screen, its amazing to think that we pay the same than console players and we dont have the same priviledges. if i want to play with a friend then he needs to buy the game and spend 60+ dollars, thats an abusesecond, the menu is horrible and confusing, cod 1 had a better menuthird, cheeters everywhere, there is no cheater security, there are inmortal players on every game and f]]]ing auto headshotsDONT BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,292730,30865026,Posted: 31 March,all,RarityIsMyWaifu,"Best♥♥♥♥♥♥game I've ever played. I don't think it deserves all the hate but if the next CoD isn't something that's not this, I won't be happy. I find this game very entertaining and special in its own way despite also being a cash-grab type deal it seems."
,Not Recommended,292730,29859425,Posted: 11 February,all,Recycle Bin,More like infinite trash amirite
76561197972508021,Not Recommended,292730,30157515,Posted: 24 February,all,=r:o:a= Boogie,"Wow - Free trial! A desperate last chance to bring in people to this already dead game. Well you got me Activision, downloaded 40 gb just to then get the in-game message that the Campaign is not part of the Free trial. No word of that in the description...With such poor effort you'll loose even more gamers' interest...Dissapointing and misleading information - thumbs down"
76561198024706561,Not Recommended,292730,26412992,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rumo,Terrible Port!Terrible Mouse!Terribe Performance!GET A REFUND! THIS IS FRAUD!
,Not Recommended,292730,30211112,Posted: 26 February,all,Kribly,It is bum
,Not Recommended,292730,31385200,Posted: 26 April,all,PewPewLaserz,Never buy a game with the name Call of Duty on it. NEVER. AGAIN.
,Not Recommended,292730,30259607,Posted: 1 March,all,Schwarzspitzen-Riffhai,cons:-mp looks like a f2p game-♥♥♥♥♥♥ jetpack movement-campaign is cringy afpros:-music by blondie in zombiesurvival
,Not Recommended,292730,30162494,Posted: 25 February,all,Moonswole,"Somehow, Infinity Ward both learned from Black Ops 3's PC port and at the same time learned nothing. For starters, the game still has IW's trademark bloat, with a 50gb download for the free weekend.(Note that, unlike the top rated, most-voted-on review for this game right now, this isn't the only thing I have to complain about. I also am not removing the comments of or blocking anyone that disagrees with me.)However, it seems they learned from their past mistakes from even as early as CoD4's port, now featuring much more extensive video settings customization, an FOV slider that goes up to 120 (horizontal I assume), and audio sliders for everything from SFX to voices.Easily the biggest, most game breaking issue is the fact that the game doesn't seem to properly detect input or queue it up properly. Certain actions completely lock up your controls or interrupt them, preventing you from properly moving in a situation where you need to keep moving. You could be throwing a grenade while moving forward, and then suddenly you completely stop moving, and you die.This is extremely strange, because when the game doesn't drop your input out of nowhere, it actually feels rather fluid and good. It's a step further towards what Black Ops 3 was trying to accomplish, and significantly increases the pace and smoothens the flow of combat, albeit at the cost of making the age-old problem of CoD's bad spawns even more prevalent, as well as it's notoriously bad lag compensation.Also of note is that the broken aim assist from Black Ops 3 seems to be back as well. If you don't know what happened in BO3, the PC aim assist was so broken that you could track enemies through walls long before they came into view, and it almost completely negated recoil and flinch. Worse, people could exploit this to get aim assist with their mouse by buying a XIM4, a device intended to allow you to use your KB/M on a PS4 or XB1.Finally, the game suffers from extreme framedrops, down to 25fps, at seemingly random intervals, possibly when the game has been played for ""too long"", possibly some sort of a memory leak? This again happens at random, and may just suddenly go away for no reason, where my frames jump back up to between 60 and 80. It doesn't matter what settings you pick when this happens or outside of it; it seemingly just decides when and where it wants to whenever it feels like ruining your experience.Completely barring the supply drops issue as well, this would actually have been a rather impressive game in the more mobile, futuristic line of CoD games, and might have salvaged some of Infinity Ward's lost reputation. I won't lie, when the game actually WORKED, I enjoyed it. But more often than not, the fun I had was quickly lost under the broken lag compensation, the broken and abusive aim assist, the input drops, and the bad performance. Not to mention as with every CoD PC game, only Team Deathmatch will be the most populated, with Domination coming at a close second. Every other game mode is guaranteed to be almost completely empty.Primary hardware specifications in case you're wondering:* ASUS GTX 970 Strix 3.5GB* Intel i5 4690k 3.5GHz"
,Not Recommended,292730,30168778,Posted: 25 February,all,kysfagg69,♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization
76561198000762132,Not Recommended,292730,30184366,Posted: 25 February,all,SundA,Same ol same olp2p connection with awesome lag compensationhack festtdm only others mp modes you will die waiting faster than finding a match
,Recommended,292730,30206285,Posted: 26 February,all,FushiRaky,a nice game
,Recommended,292730,28177762,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,brevz,Zombies is very good and fun. Multiplayer is not bad. and Campaign never played it yet.
76561198132873808,Recommended,292730,28415655,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,oof ouch owie,The zombies is really packed full to the brim with content and stuff do complete and explore. 10/10 would buy on sale for aliens and shrooms.
,Not Recommended,292730,30185998,Posted: 25 February,all,IndiaFPS,"Donwloaded 2 day free play, Could not play as match making cant even find 5 players ..........."
,Recommended,292730,30208088,Posted: 26 February,all,[MHTG] FROSTY,Its fun to play but not worth 80$ cad i would wait for a sale then i would buy it
,Not Recommended,292730,30204873,Posted: 26 February,all,WolfOfVægger,Tried the F2P weekend. After the first two matches of getting MM'ed with prestige players and apparently a cheater - I didn't want anymore of this.Don't waste money on this. 1/10.
76561198025805980,Recommended,292730,30321402,Posted: 4 March,all,AT&T Wireless,"The campaign was awesome. Have not tried Zombies for more than 10 minutes but it seems fun. The multiplayer mode is a big complex when compared to earlier Call of Duty games, but once you play it for a little bit it's not too hard to figure out."
76561198240316872,Recommended,292730,30152042,Posted: 24 February,all,SnowWolf :),Recomendable
,Not Recommended,292730,30173779,Posted: 25 February,all,Ground pilot,"I played Black ops 3, and it's actually better.. haha poor cod"
76561198084675882,Not Recommended,292730,29048658,Posted: 5 January,all,Itossaladialy,If your looking to buy simply just infinate warefare i would seriously recomend this game. On the other hand if your looking to buy this game for remasterd dont waste your money. It was obiously not optimized for pc very well not even with my specs can i get a steady 60 fps in this game it stutters and framerate drops way to much. you can try looking at the how to fix lag videos on youtube but dont waste your time i have seen all of them and they dont work. all in all dont waste your 20 extra dollars on remasterd if your looking to get infinate warefare just buy that.
76561198315076813,Not Recommended,292730,29629019,Posted: 1 February,all,abdulwahabalhwiriny,I accidentally bought the regular Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and ALL I WANT IS THE REMASTER OF CALL OF DUTY 4!!!!!! :/Maybe this is the wrong place to ask such question: but is there anyway for me to buy Call Of Duty 4 Remaster as a package or an additional to the first purchase? PLEASE HELP!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,29042191,Posted: 5 January,all,Swaggymemelord,"The main game is pay to win and the multiplayer maps, along with zombies, take an immense amount of time to load. The Zombies map doesn't even load when trying to play single-player."
,Not Recommended,292730,30154092,Posted: 24 February,all,Luiso_G-PR,It feels sooooo cheap.... Dont waste your time.... BF1 is better by far and by all means.
,Not Recommended,292730,30168981,Posted: 25 February,all,NebelWerfer666,Not worth downloading
,Not Recommended,292730,30163500,Posted: 25 February,all,W3R3C4T,"Played about 30 mins. Oh, I mean I have been in menu about 30 mins. Game froze 3 times so 3 times i had to restart it. Oh, you want to play multiplayer? Too bad for you, the match will load and load and load, but it will never start. What a focking♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is -_-"
,Not Recommended,292730,30186406,Posted: 25 February,all,Ebola™,Cant even load a private match without crashing! Can I have my Free back?
76561198069170450,Not Recommended,292730,30187193,Posted: 25 February,all,cullinane2010,"I would say its the same old CoD but its not. Its the new CoD that they keep rehashing and is actually a pay wall to get to the CoD we actually want to play. You know, the good one. Modern Warfare."
76561198072600437,Not Recommended,292730,30188062,Posted: 25 February,all,SkiddinX,91fps cap lock wtf and reusing maps thats great since you basically ripped ideas straight from halo you couldnt even make it look unique im not against sci-fi shooter but dont carbon copy other games
76561197986650552,Not Recommended,292730,30188140,Posted: 25 February,all,[RPX]{11} Jade Phoenix,"So, you can't join a game if you have a name over 15 characters. Like, you will get immediately kicked with no warning, and there is no explanation given. This is probably the most bizarre thing I've ever come across."
76561198011785279,Not Recommended,292730,30188938,Posted: 25 February,all,mei-0h,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is literally a complete ripoff of BLOPs 3, simply reskinned. If ur a fan of BLOPs 3 and want new maps then this is for U"
,Not Recommended,292730,30189014,Posted: 25 February,all,Denis POPOV,the game is like 40gbs it took me long to download with my slow internet and i cant play the game at all. all i got is Error Lost Connection to Host every time i try to play:*(
76561198061898098,Not Recommended,292730,30189118,Posted: 25 February,all,Rafterman,Game is TRASH and isn't even as good as the old MW2 game. However MW2 has no servers anymore and you still pay $20 which is over priced for a game that is over 10 years old. which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ininite warfare sucks. and so do all the other COD games but black ops 2 and MW2
,Not Recommended,292730,30184813,Posted: 25 February,all,wolfspice,"Tried to play it for the free weekend and to start with, the game locks up easily as can be. Next up is the fact that it opens by default on the wrong monitor if you have multiple of them. Third I could not even get it to load up so this game is crap to me."
,Not Recommended,292730,30177796,Posted: 25 February,all,Cmdr. Carson,"i normally dont write reviews but holy cow this game deserves a horrible one. i dont know if the porting is to blame but this game runs worse than playing arma 3 at max settings on a calculator. And not one of those Ti 84 beasts, more like a dollar store calculator. I was getting a solid 15 fps with my rig which has an i7 7700k and an EVGA 1070..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30246876,Posted: 28 February,all,Minkagalindo,Same Old same Old
,Not Recommended,292730,30201152,Posted: 26 February,all,XXXXZONE,I Guess I was exicted to try the game for free but then after so many glitches and bugs that prevented me from even playing a game. I decided to uninstall. Free weekend is a waste of time and this game is a waste of money. Do NOT download this 50gb trash.
76561198214381360,Not Recommended,292730,30201339,Posted: 26 February,all,Josoop,the game is decent but not fun
76561197995707284,Not Recommended,292730,30198882,Posted: 26 February,all,Scum,"Early review.1. Buy game even though everyone says it's bad.  But hey, I enjoyed Ghosts and everyone hated that as well.2. Wait 5 minutes for shaders to load. Game starts, but says update, must restart.  Restart.3. Go into video options, disable frame sync.  Game locks up. Task manager, exit, restart.4. Skip video options.5. Start solo Zombie.6. Suffer through 5 minute unskippable intro.7. After unskippable intro, I get a nice black screen. Waiting..Waiting.. Nothing.  Restart.8. Start solo Zombie.  Unskippable 5 minute intro begins.9. Task manager, exit, write review.On the good side, game works well with task manager, east to exit.  Good thing, I think it will happen often.p.s. I have a good up to date rig.  GTX980, updated drivers, etc.Will update as I explore further."
76561198170182107,Not Recommended,292730,30193072,Posted: 26 February,all,Bobi Szmruda,Freezes every time i want to change graphic options. Best game ever.
76561198130817156,Not Recommended,292730,30142168,Posted: 24 February,all,Harrio_Pootered | Farmskins.com,This game is an utter DISGRACE. I miss when Mark Hammil wrote good books. Bad move Valve.
76561197966674003,Not Recommended,292730,30226022,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr.Dukes,Played only the mutiplayer since it was free weekend.  Wow.  I cannot believe people would buy this game with they're hard earned money.  Game is literlly the same as the past 10 installations.  Call of Duty has gotten so bad.  I'm going to go out on a limb here and say its' graphics and sounds are the same as Modern warfare.  Cut scenes look good though LOL!!!!  2 out of 10 on this.
76561198143796443,Not Recommended,292730,30147102,Posted: 24 February,all,kridi,"Unbelievably bad, at this point just a big insult to the franchise."
76561198312043247,Not Recommended,292730,33257539,Posted: 4 July,all,Under_Rated,Will not stop crashing can not play it got it to play with a freind and i can't DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A GOOD GAME
76561198259187803,Recommended,292730,33167833,Posted: 2 July,all,MonsterCheese,This game is getting way to much hate for what it is! The multiplayer is definitely better than the campaign but is extremely fun and definitely worth the money.(but it's only my opinion)
,Not Recommended,292730,30208434,Posted: 26 February,all,not a bear,Fake free weekend. Almost all of the game is still locked.
,Not Recommended,292730,30208539,Posted: 26 February,all,ADRIANA HAS GUD MEAT,"UNA ♥♥♥♥♥♥, NI SIQUIERA FUNCIONABA EL MULTIJUGADOR"
,Recommended,292730,33335336,Posted: 7 July,all,-anionex-,Uninstall button works well
76561162416276265,Not Recommended,292730,26442829,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,choy,Just no
76561198298264576,Recommended,292730,28833839,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Get Schwifty,Cons:The Game is Dead this game had a lot of potiential but people are wayyyy too inpatient after 2 minutes of waiting in any queue (mainly zombies] and they just leave it.I mean this game is good you just have to wait 4 minutes for a queue for TDMand like 6 for zombies.Overall this game is good but people dont play it.Oh Btw this game is Pay 2 Win if you havent noticed.I have  a great gaming experience playing this game but i keep on getting flanked xD xDBut DO NOT get this game on full price get it on sale.ProsFast pacedNot many glitches
,Recommended,292730,28751475,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hell_Of_Doom,"This is one of the best games i played this year. For any having low FPS or problems running this game, that is not true. I run on Ultra Settings 1440P locked between 120-144FPS. I do have 1080 GTX with 6 Core CPU but still a game is fantastic. I do run Windows 7 x64 and maybe that makes a difference. Windows 10 is not good for gaming at all, in my experience."
,Not Recommended,292730,28611226,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪ SOCKS,"Campaign is not good enough, basically recycled material. Multiplayer sucks. And zombies is O.K."
76561198064812386,Not Recommended,292730,29092886,Posted: 7 January,all,Black Rabbit,what is it DOOM 3 or DEAD SPACE 3 ??
76561198080071010,Not Recommended,292730,29216291,Posted: 12 January,all,Bunta,Man a whole 3 people play infinite warfare!!! thats awesome! this call of duty set records for sales apparently. Well thats probably the biggest bull♥♥♥♥♥♥sceme ive ever heard. theres maybe 20 people who play remastered and they only play tdm. The 3 people on infinite warfare also only play tdm. Thankyou again Call of Duty for reminding me why i dont buy your games!!! :) :) :) cod youre some scamming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,292730,30145957,Posted: 24 February,all,yes,"this game... omg, this game.... this game is SO SHITYYY!!!!look at bf1, why this game is so amazing ? why? both of them shooter, but why bf 1 is so good?"
,Recommended,292730,28921412,Posted: 1 January,all,raj,"Surprisingly good fun, decent storyline, ran fine on my 4 year old pc, zombie mode is cool as ever. I'd gotten bored of call of duty so didnt buy this for a while and it was installed but not touched for ages, turns out its actually a good game."
76561198018556273,Not Recommended,292730,29352673,Posted: 19 January,all,Mongrel,"Total waste of money! Can't play FFA...no players! Can't pick server..so only playing against ramped up players and don't have a chance to level up! Took the remastered COD4 package ..also total waste of money. I thought remastered would just mean improved rendering of maps...not a change to allocated servers, where again I can rarely get into any game. Yes, i know I'm in Australia, but with original Cod4 I could play with small numbers on similar pings if i wanted! The last time I buy Activision!!!"
76561198083520937,Recommended,292730,29708710,Posted: 4 February,all,phmstucki99,"I write about the Single Player game mode.I just finished it and saw the credits to the very end. There was a note of the developers who tried to make the best game they could. In my opinion, they succeeded. The story line, written by Brian Bloom, is deeper than the usual FPS story lines. It seems informed by a kind of melancholy quality that I recognize in those who have fought in wars and have lost much. There is also that balance to strike between humanity and ruthlessness that the characters wrestle with. The foe, the SDF, has a zealot quality whose animosity towards Earth is opaque. We never find out why Mars's Kotch chose the path he did, just that he chose war. Perhaps this mirrors the soldier's perspective, ""It is not for us to reason why...""I do also like the character of E3N, the sentient android, ""Ethan"". He (it) does bring to mind the coming of the ""singularity"" where humans and AIs might not annihilate each other but fuse into something more than the sum of parts.So, a game that makes me think of what it means to be human in a world that always seems to be riven with conflict, is a great game.As for the mechanics, the COD line of games has honed the game play (I used the PC) to the point where realism is immersive. A surprising feature is the, well, feature capture of the actors. They play themselves. Their real-world likenesses appear in the game. They have managed to jump clear of the ""creepy valley"" effect that plagued Tom Hank's likeness in Polar Express. Well done! It was good to see Farscape's Claudia Black, by the way.In conclusion, an excellent game and story line.Well done!"
76561198045711360,Recommended,292730,28965907,Posted: 2 January,all,N3GRODAMUS,"The game is awesome.  The campaign is good, multiplayer is awesome, and even zombies  in spaceland is good and i don't really play zombies, but i play it on IW. Despite the hate this game is getting due to people ragging on it, it is a good game and i will continue to play it until the servers are no longer available."
76561198053419105,Not Recommended,292730,30134411,Posted: 23 February,all,tchukki,"bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad player, get battlefield one instead."
76561198033321813,Not Recommended,292730,28652500,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BackwardsGamer,waste of money hackers and cheaters in every lobby
76561198353352967,Not Recommended,292730,29377057,Posted: 20 January,all,Soran,"I bought this game with a lot of doubts..now my worst fear has come true, i shoulve bought black ops 3...I played the campaign and it was great, good story and fun play .then i went to multiplayer and theres barely people playing online...zombies ???? i mean i need to wait sometimes half an hour for people to join in...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,292730,28610204,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,lock cmpxchg,Too much high-space♥♥♥♥♥♥ disliked.
,Not Recommended,292730,28636807,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[ELF]CelticKnight,"No Multiplayer!30 minutes waiting for a multiplayer match, in what's supposed to be 2016s biggest AAA release.Unsure if Matchmaking is borked, or what.. but that's just an absolutely sickening joke.Asking for a refund on this one. $100. Can't play it. DONT RECOMMEND."
,Recommended,292730,26437914,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dacis2,"I expected Call of Duty in Space, I got it. I'm satisfied."
76561198329097575,Not Recommended,292730,26440684,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,matthewbrzu,"its call of duty, have you played a call of duty game before? If yes then you played this game already, and ♥♥♥♥ed up the best cod game of all time it runs like trash and cant even keep up a 60 fps on 1080p and they change the multiplayer and not in a good way and they took away alot of stuuf from it and now it feels like half a game"
,Recommended,292730,26438016,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Highfly,"I personally love this game. In my opinion it is the best COD single player story they have had in a long time. I mainly buy COD for the single player experence, and then occasionally jump on multiplayer for short bursts or have a go at zombies. So this having a great single player story has made this one of my favorite COD games to date."
,Recommended,292730,26468093,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Beetlebarn,I think I am the only one who kinda enjoys it despite getting my butt handed to me.
76561198205410225,Not Recommended,292730,26428135,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,vaas,"Let me tell you a story from a time of LAN parties and 56k. The trailer for this game rekindled my interest for the solar system. I have played Descent. I have read Ben Bova and James S. A. Corey. I have seen Armageddon. So it was a dream come true when the trailer was revealed. It got my hopes up that I would finally get a militarized Science Fiction tour of the solar system.Everything was fine up until I hit a bug at the end of the Operation Burn Water level. And now I can't finish the campaign. I'm stuck in Titan's upper atmosphere and Mons Olympus won't show up! I've tried restarting from the checkpoint, restarting a few missions back, restarting the whole game... at this rate I might as well give up and try to find a copy of Hardwar!I feel cheated."
,Recommended,292730,26429931,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gz0|Gor0,Exceeded expectations with both campaign visuals and multiplayer reliability. I am enjoying this game.
76561198315939052,Not Recommended,292730,28905096,Posted: 1 January,all,Dont-Call-Me_White,my game keeps crashing what do i do?
,Not Recommended,292730,26423251,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,joshgordon21,no way to use a special if you're using a controller
,Recommended,292730,28639894,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mofor Park,"Good game, good story, just like movie."
76561197970888643,Not Recommended,292730,26423226,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Toad,"This came sucks!! I've not been able to play it yet. Game crashes , freezes , unplayable."
76561198046873275,Not Recommended,292730,26423445,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bubbles,I have been playing every single call of duty title on PC since COD4 but I can say that this game is the worst PC game/port I have ever played. The menu barely works (full of stuttering and FPS drops). Running the game at 1080p is impossible even with the graphics turned down. The game is a stuttering slideshow. I can play games at 4K max like Battlefield 1 no problem but this game I will say is even worse than the new batman game.The ONLY reason I am not refunding this game is because I enjoy playing call of duty 4 remastered as it runs ok.Yes I have the latest NVIDIA drivers and i have 2 GTX 980TIs running in SLI with a i7 4770k. I have never played such a terrible game (I say played but i barely played it) game will go to 0/1fps at 4k and is a stuttering mess at 1080p and pauses every 2 seconds and its unplayable. I dont post reviews like this but I cannot believe it was released like this.
,Recommended,292730,30205095,Posted: 26 February,all,☣ Rollo,game is decent but not worth full price
76561197989577994,Recommended,292730,30316193,Posted: 4 March,all,Unhinged,"Multiplayer is broken very badly but story mode is great and I am satisfied with that story.Annnd if you want to buy this game just story or multiplayer price is too damn high so it is up to you to decide.I actually like story mode.I just recommend it for story mode, nothing else...."
,Recommended,292730,30342241,Posted: 5 March,all,Tirak117,"I can recommend this game under 2 conditions. The first is if you buy this, know you're purchasing it for the campaign. If you are looking for competative multiplayer, you should look elsewhere. The depressingly increasing frequency of games using the ""Season Pass"" model and numerous paid DLC packs means the community is split up horribly. Unless you've purchased everything, which massivly increases how much you have to pay, your experiance in multiplayer will be limited. Even if you've sprung for the Season Pass, the lack of compatability with other version of the same game means that the community is arbitrarily split up for no reason.The second, is buy it on sale. The campaign is really the only reason to buy it, and it's not long enough to justify a full 60$ purchase.Now with that said, the campaign is fantastic. A well told sci fi romp through the solar system with interesting and compelling characters, voiced by an incredibly talented cast. The missions are varied from straight forward gunfights, to sneaking onboard enemy ships to sabotage them, to some light flight combat sections. After buying the game on sale, I was very pleased with what my money had bought me and the campaign is absolutly excellent. While gun variety is in somewhat short supply, I never felt that hindered my enjoyment, however if you're the type who needs eight-seven bazillion guns in your game, you will keenly feel that lack. The campaign will run you between five and ten hours depending on familiarity with CoD and difficulty. Repeated playthrough is a little lackluster, since it's the same every time and level design is linear. This is a theme part ride, not a sandbox, though an enjoyable one, if you get it on sale.So to sum up:1. Campaign is Great2. Only buy the game if you're buying for the campaign.3. Only buy if on sale as the full price is too much for just the campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,30136797,Posted: 24 February,all,Daxter4K,I overpaid
,Recommended,292730,30311255,Posted: 4 March,all,hrdcore>/CØD-WoldWarToo/-Killer,I like this game BUT!!!why is my call of duty iw uninstalling every day
76561198090419686,Recommended,292730,28573747,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Clementine,"Really Wish this game have 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90% Rendering Resolution for low end PC gamers... other than that. Its Really awesome so far!Now I have to play at 512x200 Resoultion for 60fps..  lol"
,Recommended,292730,29326458,Posted: 17 January,all,♫~MaDNeSS981~♫,Multiplayer awesome like alwayscampaign is blow your mind great graphics/spaceships/weaponszombie mode it's too cool
,Not Recommended,292730,30145153,Posted: 24 February,all,Karma,Same game as every year since mw2 dont see why it gets so much hate now
,Not Recommended,292730,30146594,Posted: 24 February,all,AmrrY ☥,The limited free version keeps crashing when you try to play online..
76561198136077549,Not Recommended,292730,30935862,Posted: 3 April,all,twu,"Well, this game is good, but it is not a game that you must try."
76561198029370621,Recommended,292730,30454163,Posted: 11 March,all,Alvarez_Tiago,"One of the best COD campaigns I've played!Mutilplayer is the old COD multiplayer as always, I truly think they should have gone for a battlefield kinda multiplayer for this one tho, exploring bigger maps in the worlds we went through the campaign and using both mechs and the jackals. some ppl would complain but I think the game wouldn't be downvoted as much as it is right now.Anyways, I don't play COD for the multiplayer but the single player instead and I have to say, I don't play a good COD SP campaign this good since the first BO.they have 3 diffetent studios working on COD games, they should intercalate between past conflicts, modern conflicts and the futuristic si-fi conflicts so ppl won't get bored of the same setting every year and I believe this game suffers from this overused setting. Had this game been released after ghosts ppl would have placed it on a pedestal, trust me!"
,Not Recommended,292730,31138018,Posted: 14 April,all,TamableCookie,"Overall, game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest. My total play time on this game is just how long i sit in lobby's ""loading the level"" When the level loads, game stops responding. And i tried making a custom game to verse bots so i could have a chance off acctually playing, the game just stopped responding."
76561197993552976,Recommended,292730,28916992,Posted: 1 January,all,MacManX31,"Well what can you say.  It is another game in the forever series that is Call of Duty.  I have always liked COD as it is more of an arcade style game that I don’t have to commit much time to.Multiplayer is good when you can find a lobby.  The player base is so low its almost laughable.  If they banned for hacking that would be great.  There are days I can't find a lobby without a hacker in it.  When you find a decent lobby, it is an enjoyable game, even if I am getting Rekt.  The spawns are terrible at times but that is the case in most COD games.  The maps are fast paced with lanes of travel in every direction.  Snipers don't own, run and gunners get shot in the back and knifers have a harder time owning on every map.  To me it seems balanced.  Not talking about netcode, just maps and player styles.  Speaking of netcode, its terrible.  With all the advancements in our world, I am amazed they are still using a modifed engine.  Time to wake up and write some solid stuff to improve latency and of course prevent hacking even before a new series is released.The weapons are good.  I like the addition of classic weapons.  Some weapons are OP as usual but for the most part I don't see one weapon as the favorite.  Well the Type 2 is the weapon of choice but akimbo mode has  limited in range. Snipers have to actually be good at it, and shotguns have to be close.  Are they perfect? No, but not too bad in my opinion.What is hilarious are the taunts and actions of the players.  They are horrible.  3Arc nailed theirs in BLOPS 3.  They were so stupid it was funny to have them.  In this game, they are just ridiculous.  Players  taunts try to look cool but oh my gosh they are terrible, absolutely terrible.Single player is great.  No complaints there at all.  Great story, logical flow and challenging missions.  Can’t say anything negative about single at all.Not a zombie player so I can't comment on that.  All in all, this isn’t a positive nor negative review.  If you have played any of the last 5 COD games, then you have played IW.  I will forever enjoy the series as I started with COD2, I just hope they return to normal COD with intelligent map layouts, solid weapon balance and a solid (although not perfect) anti-cheat system.  If you like COD at all, you will like this game.  If you are a COD hater you will hate this game!Frag hard, game on."
,Recommended,292730,30128253,Posted: 23 February,all,xxxShaqtion,better than half life 3
,Not Recommended,292730,30150232,Posted: 24 February,all,TY WOP0 WOP0,12 year olds
,Recommended,292730,26440133,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,imran,"Great story and excellent production values, good pick up if you're looking for an engrossing space-opera esque game.Gameplay is still very much CoD, which is both good and bad."
76561198024048930,Not Recommended,292730,30131840,Posted: 23 February,all,DonaldTrump,That is the most horse♥♥♥♥♥♥terrible things I have ever seen in my life. It's like you had the guys from blizzard take time off from making a dogshit wow expansion to make a dogshit call of duty. holy ♥♥♥♥ my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would't take this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you paid me.
,Not Recommended,292730,32027663,Posted: 28 May,all,uncle fungus,it's just a slip and slide simulator
,Recommended,292730,32910953,Posted: 27 June,all,bardoe,"This game is amazing! I love it, it's fun, immersive. I'm hooked. Thank you for your hard work on this."
76561198339953890,Not Recommended,292730,30179009,Posted: 25 February,all,MooMooMilkzzz,horrible
76561197960676848,Not Recommended,292730,30172336,Posted: 25 February,all,ANGRY WALNUT,well its free weekend aaaaaand...... it suckscampaing? nopezombies? nopemodern warfare remastered? nopemultiplayer? yes but it sucksim gone get a refunnd i want my free back..
76561198119373798,Not Recommended,292730,28763144,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,WORST CALL OF DUTY EVER dont waste your money
76561197993100776,Not Recommended,292730,29733393,Posted: 5 February,all,klammy,modern warfare RM isnt worth it turn back now
76561198026153592,Not Recommended,292730,29389426,Posted: 20 January,all,Yrth,"Mind-numbing.  It remembers everything you've ever done so you can never replay it.  Idiotic quest lines.  Stupid combat scenarios.  Moronic unskippable cut-scenes every 8 seconds.  But pretty good combat mechanics - in utter isolation.  Yep, it's a Call of Duty game, all right.  If you've got both Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Attention Deficit Disorder, then this is right up your alley."
76561198101249471,Not Recommended,292730,26428806,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dino_98v,What do they not understand. Feet on the ground = good cod. really choppy and the movements are someting most players dont like so why keep adding them?
76561198134369962,Not Recommended,292730,30145585,Posted: 24 February,all,what happened to building 7?,"crashes when you change a setting and doesnt load the map. great game, will buy season pass."
,Recommended,292730,32951262,Posted: 28 June,all,PuGZ,"its not so great, but campain is good."
76561198182346295,Recommended,292730,29993254,Posted: 17 February,all,firelight44,great game it runs great and is a ton of funEDIT: this game is so awesome and i love evry bit of it. but it now runs bad for some stupid reason. like fps drops to like 20-25.please fix this guys.
,Not Recommended,292730,30147527,Posted: 24 February,all,skateboard yoga,lol why would you buy this
,Not Recommended,292730,30174985,Posted: 25 February,all,DeadMeme,"Lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely,I have nobody for my ownI'm so lonely, I'm Mr. LonelyI have nobody for my ownI'm so lonely.Yo this one here goes out to all my players out there, man, ya knowthat got that one good girl who's always been there, man, like took all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tthen one day she can't take it no more and decide to leaveI woke up in the middle of the nightand I noticed my girl wasn't by my side,coulda sworn I was dreaming, for her I was feenin,so I had to take a little ride,back tracking over these few years,tryna figure out what I do to make it go bad,'Cause ever since my girl left me my whole life came crashingI'm so lonely (so lonely),I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlCan't believe I had a girl like youand I just let you walk right outta my life,after all I put you throughyou still stuck around and stayed by my side,what really hurt me is I broke your heart,baby, you were a good girl and I had no right,I really wanna make things right,'Cause without you in my life girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlBeen all about the world ain't never met a girlthat can take the things that you been throughNever thought the day would come where you would get up and runand I would be out chasing you'Cause ain't nowhere in the globe I'd rather be,ain't no one in the globe I'd rather seethan the girl of my dreams that made me beso happy but now so lonelySo lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own)I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlNever thought that I'd be alone,I didn't think you'd be gone this long,I just want you to call my phone,so stop playing girl and come on home (come on home),baby girl, I didn't mean to shout,I want me and you to work it out,I never wished I'd ever hurt my baby,and it's driving me crazy'Cause...I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own)I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlLonely, so lonelySo lonely, (so lonely),Mr. Lonely, so lonelySo lonely, so lonely (so lonely), Mr. LonelyIn other words, no body plays this awful game so multiplayer is empty.I guess the campaign is okZombies is meh.Don't buy it. Just don't."
,Not Recommended,292730,30174991,Posted: 25 February,all,jake,bad
76561198047326753,Not Recommended,292730,30686241,Posted: 23 March,all,nuks,bought it thinking that they left splitscreen in from bops3. knowing that the community was dead i was willing to spend 100$ to play zombies with my buddy only to find out they took it out. I dont see how you guys dont realize the only pc gamers willing to spend 100 on your dead community games are the ones that want to play with their buddies.
,Not Recommended,292730,33852157,Posted: 28 July,all,Leipäjuusto,bad
,Recommended,292730,26415874,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AvTeC,Luv it
76561198125142026,Recommended,292730,31844535,Posted: 19 May,all,Elite,To be honest this game may not be the best cod game ever but its fun to play and im having more fun than past 3 cod games that were released
76561198140749541,Not Recommended,292730,30158708,Posted: 24 February,all,Grant,"Even 50% off sale, i still want to get my refund after 1.5 hour play, really a garbage,no creative change on this game.I think it only worth $5"
76561198098260786,Not Recommended,292730,30158790,Posted: 24 February,all,mp127,trash
76561198142725656,Not Recommended,292730,29211715,Posted: 12 January,all,Trappin Out da Van Gogh,game sucks dont buy it
,Not Recommended,292730,33872717,Posted: 28 July,all,♛♥aMiracle♥♛,The servers are either:A - Dead.. only games in TDM can be foundB - Hacker filledIts PC CoD... what did you expect?
,Recommended,292730,29974009,Posted: 16 February,all,Dog Catcher,not as bad as every one says
76561198082274337,Not Recommended,292730,30199086,Posted: 26 February,all,lukas -iwnl- 1337 ♛,Worst cod
,Not Recommended,292730,30203575,Posted: 26 February,all,ElitE,"Activision better give me therapy for playing this for 10 hours, im scarred for life and cry when i see a first person shooter."
,Not Recommended,292730,33893301,Posted: 29 July,all,RazorRamonHG,I bought this pre-order with season pass.It is my top 1 wasted money.
,Recommended,292730,28698224,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,♥Prof. Sugarcube♥,"Port's garbage, game's funBetter than Trash Ops 3's Purifer warfare tbhIf you can work around the deplorable pc port the game's worth it"
,Recommended,292730,26434785,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ZiCell,"Another year, another pew pew."
,Recommended,292730,26434769,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[AG] Razor,in the beginning i got it for remasterd like most people but i found this game to be quite fun and accually better than i expected
76561198105190464,Not Recommended,292730,33176114,Posted: 3 July,all,TrooperSmithy,This call of duty is not to bad but the game play has been made to not act like a normal call of duty. They should not have made it like this and under the name of Call of duty
,Not Recommended,292730,30153040,Posted: 24 February,all,Wolf,First match: Found a hacker....G F***Ing G
76561198069639401,Not Recommended,292730,33928402,Posted: 31 July,all,cam123_4,Just keeps Crashing....
,Not Recommended,292730,30202469,Posted: 26 February,all,Inting Simulator,Flatout 3 is a better game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30202488,Posted: 26 February,all,HeadHunter505,"Waste of time, game can't go 5 minutes without crashing. Also very disapointing graphics."
,Not Recommended,292730,30202759,Posted: 26 February,all,BEPISCOLA,WHY
76561198203284493,Not Recommended,292730,34064741,Posted: 6 August,all,theromanmaster,this game is good on xbox but whe i try to play it on pc their is no picture and it vrashes also it is so laggy it. i went on zombies and multiplayer and their was no puture on both of them andwhen i joined a game  i couldn't see ANYTHING ONLY A BLACK SCREEN !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,26610917,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DC,I want my 80 dollars back
76561198019194833,Not Recommended,292730,31448940,Posted: 29 April,all,lunns2,the game takes to long to load. one loading time took me a full hour.
76561198126800860,Recommended,292730,28970276,Posted: 3 January,all,mark97564,Good Game
,Recommended,292730,31869182,Posted: 20 May,all,HaskaMoosic,"this is just as good if not better than any other call of duty game, all the hate is completely bandwagon"
76561198025400506,Not Recommended,292730,30166510,Posted: 25 February,all,KEMPES,Very futuristic weapons don't destroy environment just people   ;)It is pity because look like from 2007 not  2016
76561198151569809,Not Recommended,292730,30183443,Posted: 25 February,all,pink guy,"Score: 1/10Have you ever thought; ""Hey, I really wouldn't like having fun today""? Have you ever wondered what MW2 would be like if it had obnoxious jetpacks and more guns with no recoil? Look no further, because Infinite Warfare brings you all of the rage-inducing, annoying, trivial ""gameplay"" you could ever hope for. If you manage to grit your teeth through the agonizing wait times (even during a free weekend), you'll be thrown into a lobby with the bare minimum, against people with guns with 0 recoil, killstreaks. and various other forms of skill-free fun. Graphically, the game is pathetic for as new as it is, and the audio is so toy-like it's laughable. The gameplay is the same as other CoD games since Black Ops 1, being that you continually get killed in spawn by airstrikes, exploding drones, auto-aiming lazer beams, and more fun items. I truly pity those who wasted actual money on this game, because I can barely stand it for free. At least it uninstalls quickly."
,Not Recommended,292730,30519312,Posted: 14 March,all,AH7,the worst gaming experince that i have ever had in this game
76561198130340755,Not Recommended,292730,34027699,Posted: 4 August,all,Smashten,"This game has the worst optimization problems, nice 3 fps at average"
76561197965578692,Recommended,292730,32889794,Posted: 27 June,all,bugkill5000,"I thought the game was a good shooter despite the fact that the community didn't want another sci-fi oriented COD game. On it's own merits and being objective, I feel that the game is pretty darn good and wished that the previous futuristic COD titles never existed because those titles really took away from the game."
,Recommended,292730,32879118,Posted: 27 June,all,SolarisFire3.14,Love the Solo aspects of this game! PvP not a fan as much. Hand controls are still difficult. Could be more from my lack of Steam controler but practice makes perfect-ish. lolStill fun and good story line.
,Not Recommended,292730,30184550,Posted: 25 February,all,Thotslayer69420,"Worst game ever, the only good part is zombies."
,Not Recommended,292730,26429274,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Papa Bless,Refund Simulator 2: No Man's BuyTime to get those dank csgo skins
76561198076477084,Recommended,292730,31921463,Posted: 23 May,all,G Dem Boyz,"zombies is gud, the end"
,Recommended,292730,33913705,Posted: 30 July,all,в⌬¹¹⁰¹,"This game has the best campaign of the series.I think the PVP is more noob friendly, than f.e. in black ops 3.The zombie mode did not convince me, because my expectations were based on black ops 3 zombies.The campaign has insane difficulty modes, even permadeath.btw: I bought this on sale for 30 €."
,Not Recommended,292730,33954636,Posted: 1 August,all,azgoodaz,"Single player review?Let's just say this, the Infinite Warfare campaign was far better than the Black Ops 3 campaign.BUT don't let this game fool you. I played 1 hour, I went to mission 2 and I published a quick review. Mostly to inform new buyers not to buy this game. What lazy and dumb developers Activision/Infinity Ward are that they had the balls to release this game on Steam. Game is unoptimized. I get 11 - 21 FPS in cut-scenes/walking around/quick time events (sometimes even 6 FPS during certain levels)... Let's just say everywhere. I'm not even on High settings and I even pass the minimum requirements.Even though had to restart the game multiple times each mission to get better FPS, I beat the campaign. It took me around ~ 10 hours to complete the campaign including all of the side quests (22 main missions and 9 side quests). It probably took longer than needed due to all the low FPS parts.Ethan is the best supporting character in the campaign.Fixes for FPS:- Messing with NVIDIA Control Panel (you can actually turn off V-sync and get over 100 FPS).-- Update 1: I think the issue is respawning when you have died. I went from 50 - 60 FPS in 1 area, I died and then I dropped to 16 FPS again when I respawned at a checkpoint. So because of this, whenever you die I suggest you quit the game entirely (aka to your desktop) and relaunch the game to regain that 50 - 60 FPS.Cons;- Game is unoptimized. I get 11 - 21 FPS in cut-scenes/quick time events.- If you quit the game (aka back to the desktop), the game will still appear in the background processes. When you close the game from the background processes and if you reopen the game, it will ask if you want to run the game in 'Safe Mode.'- You can't tab out, not even in fullscreen borderless.Tips:- You can easily miss 4 achievements during the campaign called 'Captain’s Log, Reality TV, You Know Nothing & Peace to the Fallen.' Try and watch a guide about them before so that you know in the future where to look.- Pick up every weapon. They're like 'collectibles.'- Upon starting the game, be sure to preloading/precache the shadows. If you don't you will receive server timeout messages when entering a match in multiplayer and who knows what it will do in Single Player if you don't have it (probably 5 FPS and longer load times).- When in a 11 - 21 FPS zone and you try to low quality, etc to get better FPS in that area. You need to restart your game with almost every video setting change.----Multiplayer review?It's Advance Warfare 2.0 or Black Ops 3.5.Jet-packs mostly ruin it. No one asked for this. It lacks skill.You WILL be spending most of your time in lobbies. Mostly everyone is playing either TDM or HC TDM.Cons;- You can only find SnD in the 'Moshpit' game mode. Pretty ridiculous if you tell me. IW is now a instant turn off now.- IW is filled with Activision’s greed. Microtransactions up the bum hole.- No dedicated servers, all peer to peer host connections like normal CoD.- It has 0 Steam integration whats so ever in-game. When I click on a player names, it should have the option to go to that users Steam profile (like how Xbox and PlayStation has one to go to a users 'gamercard/profile).'----Do NOT buy this game. Even if it's on sale for $10 or $19.99."
76561198332463007,Not Recommended,292730,33895091,Posted: 29 July,all,B3ast916,"The game lags alot if you have even a regular computer or a gaming pc. The connections are crap in matchmaking and everything about it is bad, even worse than console versions."
76561198125718074,Not Recommended,292730,33957945,Posted: 1 August,all,Kron|cAura,"Bought game during free weekend one of the few reasons being the ""Valve Anti-Cheat System"". Wish I didn't buy as it appears no system is in place. GG VALVE.P.S.I pray this is seen by someone from valve or IW as I've noticed I'm not the only one complaining about this problem, could be an amazing game but severely let down by a sour community and lies from both companies."
76561197999946911,Recommended,292730,33955910,Posted: 1 August,all,aldayt,"Have played 4 hours so far. Great mix of first-person combat with space flight and zero-grav combat. I have not had the load problems others have had. Nor have i played Multi. For me, the Single player game has been great fun! I have most of the COD games and this one seems to be a wonderful addition.The rendering is gorgeous!  The 3D world is amazing!Folks, my opinion might not matter much, being an old guy in his 60s, but, i can't figure out what all the complaining is about.At least, for Single player anyway.All the Best - Have fun!"
76561198057552198,Not Recommended,292730,33960031,Posted: 1 August,all,Rico,"Honestly? The game would've stood a bit better if it wasn't a Call of Duty game. The Story at times seemed to make little sense (i.e. 2 characters would be at odds with each other but within 1 mission (Ignoring the side missions you can do) would be best buddies, which seems unlikely to really happen). The Gameplay seemed to feel like the enemies were either too easy to shoot, or bullet sponges for your ammo.The story did have some interesting moments (which I won't spoil in this), but there were also moments where a ""critial"" plot moment felt like a movie cliche in how it was telegraphed to the player.The Jackal missions were fun at first, but they seemed to become very repetitive with each iteration of the mission, while the Stealth aspects they tried to add in seemed to be done sub-par, being very easy to miss a melee and cause the whole room to be alerted to you.The Multiplayer was very unbalanced, with people being able to spawn trap you (if done correctly) other players and became very stale after a few matches.Overall, the game had some good moments but felt more of the same from Advanced Warfare, but with more elements done far worse than expected."
76561198012826305,Not Recommended,292730,30132128,Posted: 23 February,all,Jay2thaC,"tried playing for like 10 minutes and couldnt get anything working. no one else to get matched with. And when I did finally find a match, the game crashed. Happy I didnt spend even a penny for this garbage!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26498240,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Blood & Beer,"Horrible spawns and lots of hackers, have fun."
,Recommended,292730,31839927,Posted: 19 May,all,Practithulu,"Best campaign in ages. Multiplayer is meh to bad if you haven't been playing these non-stop for the last several years, because everyone else on there has been. The community is toxic and not worth engaging with.Play the campaign and steer clear of other people."
76561197999202935,Not Recommended,292730,26448928,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MeatCurtains,The game is flawed in the fact its pay to win.   The♥♥♥♥♥♥MM and the shear fact valve/steam do not care about its people sheds light on them .   there both crap companys...
,Not Recommended,292730,30139840,Posted: 24 February,all,Kelt,"Wait, is this even a game?"
76561198121299744,Recommended,292730,32554909,Posted: 18 June,all,Cpt. Redbeard,could have been better.
76561198149552904,Not Recommended,292730,30156518,Posted: 24 February,all,Spiffy jay,awesome thanks cod this game is crap no matter what port i forward still doesnt let me join people.thanks for the free weekend so i would waste my money on younot like i was anyway lol
,Not Recommended,292730,26445707,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Critatron,"You're best to just wait for this game on sale, or just buy MWR by itself (hopefully one day). Poorly optimized, lags all day on a decent rig. MWR loading is hellacious and extremely laggy in the first few moments of the game."
,Recommended,292730,31310210,Posted: 22 April,all,AlexMafia,This game is awesome! when it first came out i thought it was xtra gay because no cod points but when they added the cod's points and in game marketing transactions i became hard and decided to lets play the entire thing you can find my playlist on yt @theRadBrad but anyway this is a classic cod because it has advanced movement and i love thrusting in general its so fun to die in one shot to op weapon's like the nv4 which is a very balanced gun ! the claw should be a assaultrifle that is unlocked at master prestiege 30. and also i love the idea of getting MRW from this game only because that means that u have to have money and not be a poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i just love the multiplayer over all its sooooooooooooooo fun the hitmarkers are even better than bo3 and theres an even higher playerbase than advanced warfare on pc i think definetly frecommend buying it youll spend at least a couple hrs on it also get the digital deluxe ed because mwr is nice especially with supply drops and borken bottels!!! i hjave mwr on my alt acc find me @damnDanielonsteam al;so preorder the gamei f you can ~ is good!!!!!!!!!
76561198037959588,Not Recommended,292730,26445785,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tainted Pride,I didnt know that Mass Effect and Call of Duty had a one night stand and this was the result. Call of Duty should of taken the morning after pill and not plagued us with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30181181,Posted: 25 February,all,moneyman782,"I tired playing during the free weekend and the game told me ""I do not own the product and need to purchase it though steam"". It doesn't make any sense why a game would give a message like that when trying to promote itself during a free weekend. I can only imagine how the rest of the game is if it's expecting me to buy the game before I even try it during a free trial. Black ops 2 was the last good call of duty and you shouldn't waste your time or money on any other cod after."
76561198309607704,Not Recommended,292730,30172389,Posted: 25 February,all,god,*downloads game cause i wanted to try zombies**press zombies**buy the game to play this**uninstalls*
76561198065610987,Not Recommended,292730,26427150,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sheepdog,games sucks nothing but lag and hackers.
,Not Recommended,292730,34203878,Posted: 12 August,all,Unknown Banana,"The single player mode of this game is actually pretty good. However, the multiplayer portion of the game is complete garbage. I also would not recommend buying this game even if you just want to play zombies. The zombies gamemode is decent at best. Overall, do not recommend"
76561198198862218,Not Recommended,292730,34200636,Posted: 12 August,all,[NbAk]Zkiller115Dk pornhub.com,Why the ♥♥♥♥ does this game cost 60€ when it is filled with complete♥♥♥♥♥♥... bugs everywhere... the Rat in Shaolin shuffle is just a ♥♥♥♥ing wiggeling grey♥♥♥♥♥mouse like WTF!!... Why cant i get my money backkkkkk!!!
,Recommended,292730,26456446,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Chris Redfield,The campaign is pretty fire but everything else is not up to par.
,Recommended,292730,34750824,Posted: 4 September,all,Adophus_,In terms of zombies I thought they did pretty well for Infinity Ward's first zombies game. A negative is the cringe of the maps and characters but the gameplay is fine.
,Not Recommended,292730,30166037,Posted: 25 February,all,Edvinukas!,FREE WEEKEND DONT WASTE YOUR TIME DOWNLOADING ONLY MUILTIPLAYER AND IT TAKES ABOUT 10 MIN TO FIND A MATCH AND YOUR GAME CRASHES WHILE LOADINGMY SPECS:CPU:i5-6600KGPU-1060 ASUSRAM: 16GB
,Not Recommended,292730,30187379,Posted: 25 February,all,Spec-gineff,Good Matchmaking. I recommend this game if you like to be losing team.
,Not Recommended,292730,30163932,Posted: 25 February,all,somehulabaloo,"So I mainly bought this game for CoD 4 Remastered, much like a lot of others. Infinite warfare was alright. It was what I come to expect from Call of Duty games. What I didn't expect was that they stayed true to what they said they would with CoD 4 Remastered. Everything was perfect. The maps were the same, the guns, the perks, the game mechanics. Everything fell together perfectly.And then they f*cked it up.They just made it into another ♥♥♥♥ing run of the mill CoD. Adding stupid skins, character customization, new weapons and micro transactions. I am honestly surprised that people even buy Call of Duty games seeing how the developers treat their fanbase. They finally gave the masses something they wanted. But they they ♥♥♥♥ed it up royaly. I am not even mad at this point, it's what I have come to expect, I'm just disappointed."
76561198025949541,Not Recommended,292730,30163934,Posted: 25 February,all,PetroPups Lv83,searching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a match& stillsearching for a matchback to BF1 where i can chose a match instantly
76561198078464215,Recommended,292730,34801328,Posted: 7 September,all,pal1d1nl1ght,"Pretty damn fun. A great Campaign, funny zombies, and a meh Multiplayer. The weapons though are freaking awesome. Dont jump on the hate wagon."
,Recommended,292730,29368214,Posted: 19 January,all,LOLYOU,♥♥♥♥♥AF
76561197971122270,Not Recommended,292730,30190764,Posted: 26 February,all,Jay K  pvpro.com,"not for me ,and free wekend without CAREER MOD   is  sh.t ."
,Recommended,292730,29290559,Posted: 15 January,all,jeeganboy,"TIPSBuy at ur own riskBuy the game when it's on sale.(recommended sale price - 50% up or free)It's similar to Black ops 3(Ctrl-C+V)Don't expect much from this game just accept it as it is. You will have better look at it when u play.Get for the consoles Not completley recommended for PC. Bad portTry Titanfall 2 insteadMy PROS-Great campaign-Game looks beatiful-Zombie is funky and fun. Trying to do the easter eg is very challenging-Multiplayer is work in progress-Modern Warfare Remastered is exceptionally better and there is more people on itMy CONSNot really worth the price.-No leaderboards-No rank/competitive base gamemode-No proper stat placement-No medals/badges to show any of your accomplishments just-""coming soon"" on some of the tabs, which imply the game not fully finish-""Bad port for PC"" is false. So port means from  console to pc so yah my bad-Random crashes-Multiplayer progression is way too slow-A limited amount of players which makes games harder to find (everyone plays TDM)-weird 91fps cap. When fps drops the game stutter.-Hackers-Salvage is almost non existent. Most of it is from supply drops(duplicates)-Supply drop duplicates in every single supply drop---more problems to come"
76561198309599771,Recommended,292730,28755133,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DMAXMACHINE,i found this game very fun. the campaign is good and i liked zombies and multiplayer
76561198105282387,Not Recommended,292730,30170170,Posted: 25 February,all,I am a noob,"Literally the wrost Storyline in all cod series.The background info is flawed,and make no sense at all."
76561198042644710,Not Recommended,292730,30169734,Posted: 25 February,all,kaLAMARi,"Imagine common houseflies with high-tech weaponry, flying around spending 2 minutes trying to shoot eachother.Thats this game in a nutshell.I can't see how this could be called a multiplayer FPS, It's pretty boring to the core.I'd rather play old COD over this trash."
,Not Recommended,292730,30132169,Posted: 23 February,all,Skeet,"Black Ops 3 was the last straw with the Exo-Suit mobilityInfinite Warfare was the straw that broke the camel's backSimply put, this game is a complete reskin of Black Ops 3 with tiny♥♥♥♥♥maps, and bland graphicsA true eye sore to the Call of Duty franchise"
76561198260351337,Recommended,292730,29877516,Posted: 12 February,all,redcrow1578,I bought this game just for the singleplayer campaign and i was in shock how much effort went into singleplayer. Very enjoyable.  Only downer for for me was that i wanted to visit more planets.  Honestly for me it barely hits the 8/10 score.  Great Game!
,Not Recommended,292730,34267824,Posted: 15 August,all,Fate0N3,"Game had so much potential and just feel flat on its face with the lack of any real fixes since release.  They added in stupid things such as kill trading and than realized wow that was stupid maybe we shouldn't do that and removed it.  The net code is horrible when a person with a .6 kd is dominating people with twice the KD and hours on the game does that sound right to anyone else.... On the bright note they put in a huge amount of wasted camos NO one runs and calling cards that NO one uses those are really nice.  This game really could have changed a lot of things, i loved the movements, the way the gun's handle but the game has huge issues that kill all the good.  Bad/Con def outweights the Good/Pro"
76561198127340709,Recommended,292730,30159465,Posted: 24 February,all,NoFranko,"over all good game, bad cod. visuals are very nice, and the sounds and audio are great. I could not play the campaign or zombies becuase i got the free version so that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i had fun on the multiplayer.9/10 fun game2/10 of a cod game"
,Not Recommended,292730,34854679,Posted: 9 September,all,Tim,"Do not buy this game, it is completely dead as well as COD MWR. Both of these games were complete flops and you would have a better chance finding a match without internet than with it. They should give out mass refunds for this waste of money for anyone who bought it when it came out having high hopes. Refunds are needed."
76561198123256818,Not Recommended,292730,29160324,Posted: 10 January,all,4oö8nzppppahi,DO NOT BUYmultiplayer is crapcampain is decentMW:R is perfectstill not worth the money.
76561197971257251,Recommended,292730,29439021,Posted: 23 January,all,lazerlyte,"I preordered this game for the sole purpose of getting modern warfare remastered.  I really like the campaign, I have not like the multiplayer in  call of duty for some time.  If you like playing the campaigns in a games I do recommend you get this, but I can not recommend anybody to purchase the D L Cs I have played call of duty since the beginning, and the pattern I'm seeing is they are more worried about endgame purchases which I believe has destroyed the multiplayer in this game series.  Let's just hope they do not do a free to play and you have to pay money to get your weapons."
76561198182960467,Recommended,292730,26566087,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Phantom shot,"Good game, this campaing are the 2nd best (after mw2) this zombies are funnys, and multiplayer arent the best, but isnt bad."
76561198147383970,Recommended,292730,26649459,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,damb lole Apple JT,its fun but not good but fun
,Recommended,292730,26545702,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,5tasis,"""Heyy, thats pretty good.""-iDubbbzi didnt play any of the other exo-suit/future distopia COD titles, just bought this one for Modern Warfare Remastered,which by the way you have to buy the digital deluxe edition to get,which by the way is a $109 pricetagand if you already bought the regular version of Infinite warfare returning it to your steam wallet will only take 1 hour but the funds will be pending for 48 hours and if you buy the game before you realise that you will have effectivly spent $200 on an aunnually relased Call of Duty Game.That aside this game is pretty good, however not worth $200Buy it right, you'll probably like it more"
,Recommended,292730,26566070,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Blaze,"Nice and refreshing story, with actual space battles and space ship piloting. The hollywood style campaign is awesome and quite emotional. You will never get bored because it switches between shooting / stealth / space jet battle / 0 gravity battle / taking off to space / landing on alien planet. There is always something new waiting for you. I would say this is a cost effective version of star citizen with playable content and just enough seemless transition and freedom (walk around, climb on a jet, take off, you decide)"
76561198223721588,Recommended,292730,26464235,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,VinnyBlows@Games,"For how much hate this game got, It is truely not that bad. In my opinion BO3 got way too much hype. IW is smooth and plays really well. I believe this game deserves a try."
76561198320654676,Recommended,292730,26465128,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ravak,"Typical COD with a few tweaks, in my opinion they got the verticality issue solved between the map designs and the movement. Definetly having fun in the multiplayer."
,Recommended,292730,26466198,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gosu Master Pugs,"I am rating this game solely for multiplayer as I have not played any of the COD campaigns recently. I play hardcore modes and I would give this game a 10/10 for the multiplayer. It is fast paced and insanely fun. Fluid gameplay, and it is excellent to finally see their servers not bomb on launch."
76561197970362184,Recommended,292730,26559621,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BLDalton85,"BLUF:  8.5/10.  Good value for the bundle and each game is a great time.  Don't let the hate train ruin your opinion!The value in this bundle is incredible.  Two full games and a pretty sweet zombies mode.  Initially purchased just for MWR and found myself playing IW much more.  Didnt hop aboard the internet hate train and actually had pretty good hopes for IW when I preordered a month prior.  I skipped the last two COD games (played on free weekends) so space wasnt burned out for me.  The SP is long enough for great character development and a pretty nice story.  The missions are varied just enough and play very well.  Good depth for a twitch FPS shooter.  If you like COD games you'll enjoy this one.  The boosters play similar to titanfall boosters being no where near as crazy as in the last COD.  MP is fast paces and it seems people try to roll as teams a bit more.  The rigs and all the customizations add good variation.  MWR is the same game it was just prettier.  It had its flaws but was my favorite COD of all time.  Very happy with the end product.  Don't let the hate train derail your opportunities for fun.  Give this one a try and I'm pretty sure you'll be happy.  Overall i'd give the bundled deal an 8.5 out of 10.  ON a final note, for those concerned for pay2win..i've looked and you cant even purchase crates or scrap with real money.  Not sure if its a ""coming soon"" feature but i'd much prefer it stay out."
,Recommended,292730,26563877,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SknB,The maps are the most beautiful in space until now... but the cheat problem must be solved... I lost the will to play black 3 due undiscriminated cheating... and it seems its repeating again on Infinite Warfare.
,Recommended,292730,26603321,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,PanchiraTarashi,"I havent Played the multiplayer yet. This game comes bundled with COD4 Modern Warefare Remastered. It is Definitaley worth a playthrough again soon enough. The textures are updated and the game is still an amazing classic. As for Infinite Warfare, don't listen to the hate. The Campaign is short but sweet and fun. New challenges and gamepay keep the game feeling fresh and exciting. From space-based dogfights to close quarter high-speed gunning the game is hard to put down. I love it and its one of the few new experiences COD has offered in years. 8/10!"
,Recommended,292730,26603397,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,"Wait,What","Bought the game on release date had a few campaign games and basically completed it in like 3 days and i mean Specialist too, the cut scenes are pretty laggy tho :( guess developers need to adjust things here and there.Multiplayer: ha the fun part guys, 1 out of 2/3 games you will spot a hacker with WH but hey i could be wrong now not all of them might be hacking.Lots of campinglots of kids crying and abusing over micslets just say i think its going the same way as CoD Ghosts :SSo guys for those who are expecting something unreal then its a NO! for youBut for CoD enthusiasts like me who just likes any CoD, wether its good or bad then yeah sure why not go ahead and buy it :)"
,Recommended,292730,27009041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fonierze,great by overallfar better than RPG storylinevast way to play in zombiesF2P friendly MPgrab it if you are sci fi and lore loverleave it if you are Boots on ground maniac..9/10 for them (10/10 if they fixed graphics compability)
,Recommended,292730,26563483,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Gledinator,"Non Biased OpinionThe Good -I Enjoyed the multiplayer and campaign as it is different and not too overwhelming, its new and you can play the game over and over without getting boredThe Bad -The Zombies were too overwhelming, theirs too much to do and it doesent feel like zombie, honestly exo zombies were better than it."
76561198091195438,Recommended,292730,26466094,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Swagrid,Game sucks choad but the Zombies is FIRE
,Recommended,292730,26544642,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nicholas0211,This is a cool and fun game if your a fan of call of duty I think you will like this!
,Recommended,292730,26565882,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[101st Signal] PFC Sisi,"So I Semi-Recommend this depending on the person. COD IW is not the best of games but also not the worst.What makes it Good?- Campaign: The Campaign is by far the best part of the $60 Package, compared to its recent predecessors.- Zombies: As always COD never disappoints with Zombies.What makes it Bad?- Multiplayer: The Multiplayer in my opinion is by far the worst I have ever experienced in a COD game. It is horrendous. Spawn sucks, FPS on PC is just horrible. The total feel of CALL of DUTY in an essence is not found in the multiplayer.Now How You CAN MAKE YOUR experience BETTER?- Get the $80 Package that include MW Remastered. All the hours I have on this are basically on Multiplayer. It is amazing, nostalgic for all you veteran cod plyers. The graphics are amazing, the feel is the original feel of what CALL of DUTY is suppose to be. I highly recommend getting this for Remastered, if you are a Veteran COD Player who grew up on countless of hours of playing MW and or MW2. If you have this empty feeling in your heart, a void that needs to be filled with this nostalgic experience and you believe you will put back the hours you lost playing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cod games after MW2 into this remastered. I highly recommend buying the game for $80.Verdict:Buy this game if you are a veteran COD Player for $80. Enjoy IW's Campaign and Zombies and finish that experience by spending countless of hours playing MW Remastered. DO NOT touch IW's multiplayer. Its cancer"
,Recommended,292730,26464352,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kingslayer,"Multiplayer is not neccissarily bad, it's just different. It has a feel of Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warefare combined. Once you get use to the new futuristic weapons, and maps, the game is actually fun and feels like a Call of Duty game. You can unlock new weapons, and different versions of each weapon along with skins. There are rigs in this game which are different styles of armor. Overall I would give this a positive recommendation for those who enjoyed Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare."
76561197980527805,Recommended,292730,26527097,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dark,I didn't play multiplayer and don't plan to.I typically play games for story and campaign and this game exceeed my expectations.
76561198048224105,Recommended,292730,26620846,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dan,"This game makes me want Call Of Duty to succeed again.Honestly I genuinely enjoy this game; it really isn't that bad.Only downside is that PC has a small playerbase, so you tend to see the same people in lobbies throughout your playtime.Just play it and have fun."
76561198047576440,Recommended,292730,27329432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kcoolz,Have not played the Multiplayer but the single player is amazing!
76561198132406095,Recommended,292730,27812241,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,404: Hitbox Not Found,"This review starts and ends with one question: are you buying it for the multiplayer?If yes, don't. This game's community is a cesspool. I played one game and encountered children screaming into their microphones, teenagers yelling racial slurs, and people who did not understand what push to talk was (but that really needed it). The multiplayer in this game is categorically inferior to black ops 3, and makes no notable improvements to the call of duty formula. If you're itching for multiplayer, go buy black ops 3 - it's got mod support, anti-cheat and runs better than this game. It's just better in virtually every way.With that aside, the singleplayer and zombies modes in this game are suprisingly good. The campaign is not as good as titanfall 2, but certainly one of the top 3-4 call of duty campaigns I have ever played (and I've played since Call of Duty 2). Actually decent writing and acting makes this a geniunely enjoyable and (if somewhat stiff) emotional campaign.If you want the campaign a LOT, I'd advise you get it on sale for between 40-50USD. If you're also looking to try the zombies mode (which I've heard to be great) with friends, I'd say you could get this game for full price.Overall, it's actually one of the better call of duty games to come out recently. The campaign is full of interesting gameplay and (for once) likable characters. The multiplayer is regretfully flaming hot garbage with a space reskin. The zombies is interesting and fun, if short in content (with only one map). Only get it if you don't mind missing out on this COD's multiplayer gameplay entirely.Bonus performance stuffPerformance wise (for those of you who remember ghosts) this game runs quite well. I have a 4770 and a GTX 970 though, so that's to be expected. The game had stuttering problems in cinematics with the audio cutting out and crackling, but these were solved by running it in borderless window. The options menu is well fleshed out with a maximum of 120 FOV and over 4 different AA options, but in general I feel the optimisation is somewhat inferior to black ops 3- adequate, but not impressive.Stay away if you have a slow hard drive that tends to cause frame hitching or stuttering in other games. For those with boot SSDs or who just download all their games to a large SSD, you shouldn't have anything to fear to long as you have something better than say a GTX1050/950 (unfortunately, I have no idea how well this game runs on AMD systems so team red users will have to do their own digging for performance info)."
,Recommended,292730,27899090,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,minicharlton1,The main reason I purchased this game was for MW Remastered.Infinate Warfare multiplayer is very fast paced with strange and hard to get used to movement. Campaign is quite immersive and enjoyabe.
76561198028610382,Recommended,292730,28014647,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CrazyFox01,Zombies is fun. Spawn die in Multiplayer.
,Recommended,292730,27034488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☆McKnigh7☆,"I've played a good 45 hours of this game and tried every inch of this game and really enjoyed it and dont' believe in the ""hate"" every is giving it. Let me break it down.**Campaign *Spoilers**Read With Caution***- This has to be my 3rd favorite campaign Call of Duty created, not because of how it played out, but the small meanings behind it. After playing the entire thing and currently working on finishing it in Veteran, I realized at the end of it that most of the previous Call of Duty games didn't have: Casualties of War. Sure in the previous games you had characters in the game you know and love die off, but not as much as this game. It really showed that in true warfare, you can make as many friends as you want, but in the end, they might no longer be there. The end reminded me of our soldiers fighting out there now for our safety.- Regarding that note, the Campaign played out real nice. In concluded very well, no major loose ends, chances of a sequel? Not Likely. From the mission select screen there are about 30ish missions. I enjoyed the time spent on the details that most players don't see (During feet week it felt as if each NPC had their own personality). It felt very similar to the Ghosts campaign, which should be obvious since its the same dev team. I really enjoyed the Ghosts story and this one was just as good. I liked how weapons were unlocked by your player ""scanning"" weapons instead of them just instantly unlocked. The Jackal mission were very exciting as well. I expected the controls for the Jackal to feel weird, but it played out nice compared to if your boots on the ground.- Lastly the whole boosting and jumping around the map, I didn't really do much. Of couse I'll do them here and there when needed, but overall, the campaign really had your feet drilled to the ground (excluding the zero g missions).**Multiplayer**\- This can go both ways with some people, but I'll stick with my thoughts and opinions since I tried the MP myself. I'm about halfway through reaching max level (55), and it feels very smooth. The jump boosting and all that feels more toned down than Black Ops 3. You're mostly on the ground. I've tried every weapon class and they all feel great, especially the snipers. I'm not a pro and I'm your casual sniper that takes ""quick scoping"" into 2nd account then first. The game felt like a mix between Ghosts and Black Ops 3, which I think is a nice feel. The keys and weapon crates aren't entirely bad, I do enjoy sharing the keys between zombies and MP  because it helps me grind out both level modes.- Sure they're are bugs, glitches, and other nonsense that needs to be fixed, but hey, that's how newly released games are. In time they will be fixed, and it be just better than before.- The combat rigs don't feel overpowered either. I, as an average player, usually get my rig at max twice a game on TDM. So, on average, players aren't relying a lot on their rigs to get them kills.**Zombies**- Before I get into this. I REALLY wanted extinction to return just because it was a different flow in the franchise. I'm hoping they don't do a zombies every year because if so, they might run the zombies idea dry as well. So I expected extinction, but got zombies instead. I'll take it for now.- Zombies feels really great. I enjoy small things that 3arc didn't do or didn't find necessary. Things like smaller hitboxes, so its easier to run around zombies, custom melee animations, 5 perk held at a time instead 4. It felt really nice. The story is intriguing as well. I'm still trying to understand why a directior would put props and power ups in his show if he didn't want our actors to use it, but oh well. It felt easier to reach higher rounds, (some might think this is bad, but its helpful for  people learning to play or players getting better). The ""quest"" items were not forced on the player like our traditional zombies. We could easily play the game without touching a single item in our inventory. The bank is very useful, (especiallly me since I'm very supportive in public matches.) Weapon kits are nice and the Fate and Fortune cares are just as good. They dont' feel overpowered, but are very useful when needed.- One thing I'm a bit off of is the public matchmaking. I think it be troublesome in the future to have to wait for 4 players just to start a match.**End Note**- Campaign: Highly recommend, great story, and a cool calling card if you complete it.- Multiplayer: I think it's fun, I'm enjoying it better than the last two years of cod mp(BO3 & AW)- Zombies: Still wanted extinction, but it's worth playing as well."
,Recommended,292730,27370769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SchnellBBY,one of the better CoD in recent times....single player-wise
76561198109793546,Recommended,292730,27458809,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wcryser,this is the first future cod that i love! finaly i can play a realy good cod in 2 years!
,Recommended,292730,27701977,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fastphoenix,"Simply put, BEST singleplayer experience from a COD game.  Master voice acting, incredible visuals, great story.If you play this for anything, make sure you play the story.As for multiplayer and zombies, I didn't touch em, I don't give a fig for them."
,Recommended,292730,27919622,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,=R*C=WildFire,"Great game if you want to throw over $100 bucks on a game and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a lvl 9 scrub who is going to hump your mother and hack the game to feel he is good at a game.surely with the millions of dollars they get they could get a decent anti hack.......If you need to hack in Cod you  truely are the worse gamer of all times, anybody can jump and get hip fire kills.But yer the pros to this game............ um........um...........still trying to think of one.......oh thats right to pro of this game someone half your age could be your dad.Well worth the $100+ dollars great spend thanks for a shi.. I mean great game"
76561198006607296,Recommended,292730,27927355,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,={FH}=Juicy,"My thoughts on the franchise, Infinite WarfareSingle player:ProsStunning graphicsSolid mechanicsSimple linear gameplay, e.g. ""do this,"" ""do that,"" ""press that button""ConsNothing newToo linear, e.g. ""do this,"" ""do that,"" ""press that button""Really dont care about the story or characters, no drive to complete it.MultiplayerWell, I have played it for shuch a short time. Too much bunny hopping of walls, around corners, etc. for me to even stand a chance of enjoying my self. My games kind of go like this a) spawn b) die c) repeat a and b..... forever with a sprinkling of ""ooh I got someone"" randomly inserted. I find this quite sad given I have spend hundreds of hours on Modern Warfare 1, 2 and 3. Peer to Peer system doesnt quite cut it anymore.As a plus side, the remastered version of Modern Warfare is great and to be honest its why I got Infinite Warfare.In summary, ok game just nothing special any more. Good for passing time.10/10 for developer effort, 5/10 for single player and 2/10 for multiplayer. Sorry  guys but my personal opinion is your school report would say ""average, but must try harder"""
76561198170385139,Recommended,292730,27978611,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(G2B) Labbaol,great game
,Recommended,292730,28500807,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ShuttleCrossing,"I don't play Call of Duty games for the multiplayer.CoD's mutliplayer experience has... problems. Other people can tell you about those. The reason I buy CoD games is for the campaign, and Infinity Ward knocked it out of the park with IW's campaign.Unlike previous CoD campaigns since MW1, these characters are phenomenal. I actually learned their names within the first two or so missions - unlike other installments where I hadn't learned more than two by the time I'd finished playing. E3N/Ethan is my favorite, just because he's so endearing. But they're all amazing, which makes the events of the campaign that much more well-made. It also does an incredibly good job of NOT GIVING YOU A NEAT TOY AND ONLY LETTING YOU USE IT ONCE. CoD is infamous for this, and IW doesn't really do it at all. I was so very pleased when I found that I could use the cool seeker grenades and the boost mechanics whenever I wanted. This extends to heavy weapons, though those are much harder to rearm mid-level.There's also something I need to get out of the way: FUTURISTIC SHOOTERS ARE NOT A BAD THING. I get that there was the crazy downvote bandwagon for COD:IW when it made its debut reveal. I'm not saying the people who want more grounded shooters are wrong, either - I'd love to see the COD developers switch between Futuristic and Not during different installments - that's one of the upsides to having the franchise produced through several different studios. And not releasing COD4 as a standalone was a horrible idea.The gameplay can feel a little off-putting at times - controls for the Jacakals (the space fighters) aren't great and there are a lot of segments with them, and shootouts in space are frustrating due to how difficult it is to see targets - there's an indicator when you aren't aiming down sights that goes away when you do, and it would have been far better if it were active at both times.But COD:IW is absolutely deserving of your time to thoroughly enjoy the campaign it has to offer. Previous ones have ranged from mediocre to solid (the weakest being Ghosts and the strongest being MW1) but IW tops them all with resounding success - or at the very least comes very, very close to MW1's.As for multiplayer, I've heard nightmare tales of hackers/aimbots all over the place in online play, so I won't be bothering with it.TLDR: Campaign is uniquely exceptional and deserves your time and money, idgaf about multiplayer, it's probably bad. Don't succumb to the downvote bandwagons."
76561198027909336,Recommended,292730,26910186,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Super Nintendo Chalmers,CAMPAIGN AWESOME *PROBABLY MY FAVOURITE COD CAMPAIGN YETZOMBIES AWESOME  *PROBABLY THE MOST FUN I HAD IN A ZOMBIES MAP YETMULTIPLAYER GOOD *ITS NOT BAD ITS NOT AMAZING BUT AT TIMES IT IS REALLY GOODTHE BADSOME OPTIMIZATION ISSUES AND CRASHES WHICH THEY HOPEFULLY SORT OUT IN THE COMING WEEKSHACKERS (I HAVE FOUND 5 IN ALL MY TIME PLAYED) HOPEFULLY THEY IMPLEMENT SOME ANTICHEAT OR THEY START BANNING PEOPLE SOONOVERALL I RECOMMEND IT AS A COMPLETE PACKAGE BUT IF YOU ARE ONLY INTERESTED IN THE MP TRY IT OUT AND IF YOU ARE NOT INTO IT REFUND IT
,Recommended,292730,27012650,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Broken],"Infinite Warfare put to rest my concerns that (a) IW are just going to keep releasing the same fan-service games and (b) that they were going to mess up the sci-fi aspects of a war game set in the far future. In my opinion, neither of these turned out to be true.I enjoy CoD's multiplayer, but I don't have the time it takes to really get into it, so my focus in all of the Call of Duty games has been the single player story-driven experience. It's this single player experience where I feel Infinity Ward has always excelled far beyond both Treyarch and Sledgehammer, and achieved a truly cinematic gameplay experience which is heavily polished in every aspect. This formula is perfected even further with Infinite Warfare.The game's a shooter--so let's focus on what's important first. Performance is outstanding, even with high settings and on a computer that hasn't been updated in a couple of years. The gunplay feels great--like all good CoD games, the weapons feel weighty and the aiming feels precise. Yes, the game suffers from a little bit of a ""whack-a-mole"" feel at times, but this is more noticeable in multiplayer in my opinion. That's because of the next aspect I'll get into.The way the story plays out is incredible. Like the best blockbuster movies, you're ushered through a perfect ebb and flow of action in a very diverse story involving characters you'll actually find yourself caring about. Tired of recent stories all involving warring nations in familiar territory? Not here. Every mission has you doing something different, and the game introduces many new concepts thanks to how far in the future it's set, not the least of which are huge spaceships, dogfighting missions, and zero-G missions. I didn't get bored of shooting the same types of people (and machines) again and again because something different was always going on. Every single aspect of the single player experience--from the graphics, to the gameplay, to the voice acting, to the quality of the sound effects, to the soundtrack--each of those aspects were polished to such a degree that makes many other games look like betas even after years of patching.Back with the first Modern Warfare title, Infinity Ward gave us the secret to their new formula--variety. Infinite Warfare carries the torch of this formula to a much higher degree than I was expecting, without sacrificing any of the great core gameplay that made CoD a success in the first place.Everybody gets some aspect of a CoD game wrong. This seems to be the closest anyone has come since CoD4 to getting all of the aspects just right in a way that feels fresh again. I was worried about Infinity Ward after losing many of their core team and needing to bring in Sledgehammer to help them finish MW3. I'm not worried about Infinity Ward anymore. Now, I just can't wait for the next game in the Infinite Warfare series (Please let there be one!)Additional note: I also got the version which includes Modern Warfare Remastered. Again I haven't spent much time in multiplayer, but the single player experience is just like I remember, but better! Raven did a great job updating the game to feel more modern without ruining any of what makes me replay that story at least once a year or so."
76561198191713605,Recommended,292730,27036856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WolfyTradingStocks,This game is pretty fun.... well atleast the zombies is and I really just want to right now give the devlopers behind the new zombies a clap and a half for there outstanding work and i'm not saying the rest of the game is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥im just sayimg i only bought this game for zombies but you can like what you wanna like.
,Recommended,292730,27125272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Exile,Despite the reviews the campain is fun and a good cast
,Recommended,292730,27368979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moopsy,Best money grabber ever
,Recommended,292730,27968255,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Saviour,"Another call of duty with very similar movment to black ops 3 yet with a blend a ghost feel. Not as bad as everyone makes it out, just take it casual and have fun with it. With a few more optimazation though I'd feel it be a more solid game on PC."
76561197965548942,Recommended,292730,27006016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,your-name-here,A surprisingly great single player campaign. MW: Remastered was a great addition to this game. Entirely worth the $60 price tag..
,Recommended,292730,27049478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pingu,"After the most recent update it runs a lot better than it did before, Similar to BO3."
,Recommended,292730,27135691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mason,great game! it plays like mw2 or mw3 or even aw - love it
,Recommended,292730,27364650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TI7 was an inside job,AuTSM the game
,Recommended,292730,27457047,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Devs,actually pretty good only thing is the lack of players
,Recommended,292730,28129239,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,⎛⎝Sυnѕhine⎠⎞,"i boght the game for the singleplayer;and i got what I wanted .the campaign is amazing and i liked it very much.the multyplayer ? nahh...to me it look pretty much the same as the previus games  [and yea ,i got them all]"
76561197995369485,Recommended,292730,28392845,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Substance,"I'm not much into multiplayer, unless its Mario Kart, but Infinite Warfare has the best CoD campaign since Modern Warfare 2. I really enjoyed this one, kind of lost faith in CoD single players for a while but very happy to see Infinity Ward's still got it."
,Recommended,292730,26901565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,This Review is more for cod4 the game looks better but spawns are f***ed and no dede servers ;(
,Recommended,292730,26978916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fowltief,Singleplay was awesome. Loved the story.
76561198015517900,Recommended,292730,26995839,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Syn,Great campaign
,Recommended,292730,26996413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Runealex,"MOUSE ACCELERATION ISSUES HAVE BEEN FIXED- PC PORT RUNS GREAT, LOOKS GREAT OTHER THAN 91 FPS CAP IN MP.Overall:Campaign 7/10Multiplayer 6/10Zombies 9/10The Campaign is a fun adventure through space with believable chararacters. There are neat side quests and beautiful space scapes. It really is quite neat.There are some exceptions for the characters. The robot character E3N is more human than he should be in my opinion, he seems way too aware of emotion to possibly be a robot.Also the main villain actually kind of sucks. Normally CoD villains are actually pretty alright but this guy is some cliche over the top james bond villain with like 5 minutes of screen time throughout the whole campaign (his introduction is cool though). ""Freedom has no place in this solar system"" according to our villain. just a little ham fisted.Also the whole plot (read: war) takes place in a single day. It annoyed me so much where they literally say ""We lost a lot of people this morning, time to finish this"".Those were some of the major stuff that stood out, other than that the campaign is actually a fun one to play through clocking for me at a solid 12 hours to do everything. Atleast it wasn't the trash fire of black ops 3 campaign.MULTIPLAYERMultiplayer is a stiffer version of black ops 3 with maps that are even more cramped. While guns like the NV4 are fun to shoot and there is that inevitable euphoria that comes with the CoD grind there isn't anything that sets this title a bar ahead of black ops 3 in anyway other than specialist characters looking like soldiers and not heroes. If you enjoy CoD and played black ops 3 to death you might as well pick this up because it's a whole new grind, otherwise if you haven't played a CoD in a while pick up black ops 3 with it's mod support and smoother movement and better map deisng for this movement system (imo).ZOMBIESNow this I enjoy whole heartedly. It's back to simple, stupid fun like the old zombies. Many complained about zombies starting to center too much around quests and less about... zombies. Well this so far has struck a perfect middle ground. There are a bunch of quests to do but at no point do you feel obligated to do them and they certainly aren't a chore to do unlike how it could get in late black ops 2/ black ops 3. You kill zombies in this ludicrious 80s envrionment (who knows where the next map will go) with great music in the background and David Hasselhoff watching your back. The map is designed terrifically and is completely unique. If you're a fan of old school zombies i would suggest this."
76561198321093879,Recommended,292730,27122966,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,akalban,"Infinite warfare, is Call of Duty version of  Battlestar Galactica. I believe the story is well written and there are memrobale characters. Eventhough its an FPS, but the variety of gameplay from hacking robots, flying a Jackal aircarft and stealth assassination is nice addition. I think its really a well made game."
76561198149121094,Recommended,292730,27378657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Butters_at_work | Whore,ehhhh game
,Recommended,292730,27407877,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hoodligan,Death letters made me cry
76561198108013334,Recommended,292730,27843011,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Toxin Headshot,my game keeps saying it stops working and when i click te little x on the close program it closes the game down and when i go get to play it the game only works for a bit then closes out on me and some times the game has a grey screen and i hae to turn off bullet impact then turn it back on to see proprly why is this doing this on here this is a great laptop and nothing wrong with it
,Recommended,292730,27918385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,d rose,"Great for new people. Zombies is great. For the people that played since the classics, I wouldn't reccommend. You would feel as if the games ruined. In my case I love the new weapons, but I disagree with building upgrades to the weapons."
76561198033545123,Recommended,292730,28077072,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hibari Kyoya,"everythings was fine , only zombie multiplayer have big problem !!!"
76561198035741286,Recommended,292730,28079504,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheWhiteFoxes,"This game is getting ay more hate than it deserves, the multiplayer does seem a little copy and pasted but the zombies is enjoyable and yes it is a little ludicrous but its zombies so im not too bothered by that. The campaign is very enjoyable and well worth playing, at first i was apprhensive but didnt want to pass judgement until playing it adn having played it i definatley would say its worth playing."
,Recommended,292730,28127390,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,retard naruto,memes are the dreams10/10 memegn
76561197968421172,Recommended,292730,28517935,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,p{+}owNge,"This is the most complicated COD ever published.Plenty of details to learn and master before you have a chance in multiplayer.Additionally, you need to be a real twitchy gamer because this is also the fastest COD ever.Learn the jump pack and use it often or be at a disadvantage.From my experience they are doing a pretty good job squishing the cheaters as well,this is of course an important facet of COD on PC, building cool looking stats without havingthem adjusted by bad sport gamers.I have seen days where it is hard to get a legit game in, but far less so than any previous COD.Do I wish we still all played MW2?  Yes.Is this game fun enough and deep enough for an experienced gamer?  Yes as well..."
,Recommended,292730,27914819,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,od1anyeR,Seems eh honestly. lol
,Recommended,292730,27973624,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,shade95032,"I Think this game is pretty good but if your expecting something different from the normal COD play then maybe look to Battlefield. Worth getting the deluxe edition just for Modern Warefare Remaster, the best FPS IMHO."
76561198213866435,Recommended,292730,28501067,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xXxXxECKZxXxXx,I'm still not sure about how I feel regarding Infinite Warfare but Modern Warfare Remastered is just like I remember it when I played it years ago. I only wish there were more people playing so I could enjoy some different game types.
,Not Recommended,292730,29095832,Posted: 7 January,all,MsgNinja,"SO MANY MIRCO!!!!!!!!! transaction :PI hate them and always will. Better off playing battlefield then this game. To get COD Warefare remastered, pay $20 more which was pointless since they change it into MIRO!!!!!! transaction......RIP COD FOREVER"
76561198057791272,Not Recommended,292730,34987345,Posted: 15 September,all,TJroune,Terrible multiplayer! I own every single Call of Duty game ever made and this is by far has the worst multiplayer. The reaction and response time is really bad everytime you come accross an opposing player. I wish I never bought it.
76561198031009109,Not Recommended,292730,34877377,Posted: 10 September,all,your.real.dad,"I should've listened to the reviews before purchasing this.  Do not waste your time or money.  You will spend 90% of your time trying to find a game and pray that you'll even be able to connect.  You can't play Zombies without a wifi connection.   All in all, the COD franchise is on it's death bed.  A proper boycott is the only solution."
76561198122956646,Not Recommended,292730,31167586,Posted: 15 April,all,Opal,DO NOT BUY unless  the legacy edition is  on sale for 20 bucks
76561198009083484,Not Recommended,292730,30141058,Posted: 24 February,all,Sca,CALL of ♥♥♥♥♥♥YINFINITE AIDSFEARfree weekend only for multiplayer
,Recommended,292730,29533415,Posted: 27 January,all,The_Impaler,still ♥♥♥♥ing preloading shaders....
76561197993862781,Not Recommended,292730,29532701,Posted: 27 January,all,UNbat,"They need to do something with the hackers!  The game is not fun to play with easier aim for Xbox and play station! If you remove all the hackers, you will see that Pc's do not have an avantage over the consols."
,Not Recommended,292730,29534753,Posted: 27 January,all,JP,I bought the Legacy Edition for MW Remastered. Campaign for IW was better than expected although 75% of cutscenes were choppy and audio was also. Multiplayer/Zombies never worked.
76561198033971850,Not Recommended,292730,30285408,Posted: 2 March,all,M A D D O G,bad lag  cheating out the♥♥♥♥♥they got your money dont give a rats♥♥♥♥♥probably my last cod horrible
76561198138636214,Recommended,292730,30178369,Posted: 25 February,all,THEfreshBUBBLE,Very fun game... Very poorly optimised. i put on ultra graphics get 50fps stable and still seems like 20fps. Please sort it out.
76561198023621796,Recommended,292730,29211355,Posted: 12 January,all,Dorfmeister,"So I've played the game for about 50h. To be honest, I love it. It's being criticized on all fronts; unjustified if you ask me. Don't know about the fps problems people are complaining about, but the graphics are good, not outstanding, but good and the multiplayer maps are just fantastic! Level design is key to such games, and COD masters that like no other game!Single player is supposed to be great, but c'mon, COD has become a MULTIPLAYER GAME! Single player..pffff...So far so good, but there are issues! Why on heaven's earth are there two platforms on pc??? This is nonsense and will create problems when the player base diminishes. Why did I buy COD Points without receiving any? Cool concept by the way, you pay money for nothing! Got to remember that...And WTF is wrong with the online store? This seems to be a bigger issue...Anyway, DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS! THE GAME IS GREAT AND A LOT OF FUN TO PLAY!!!Yours faithfullyDorfmeister"
,Not Recommended,292730,30143040,Posted: 24 February,all,eVo Mr.Keffie,"So Free Weekend, I can finally give my opnion about it!Pro's+ Graphical, actually pretty good.+ Maps are great+ Hit regestration is better then in any other CoD i have playedCon's- Low playerbase (We all know this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Texture Quality could be better! Too much FOG- Not a really good working anti-cheat- U can't mute ur mic- U get called very fast a wallhacker... (Im an experienced CoD player, my 1st match went great 41-2)- Supply Drops...... Supply Drops......- And ofc they stole the Specialist theme from Black Ops 3Im still curious how zombies would play.... But serious 40GB only for MP Free Weekend thats too damn big.Mulitplayer is Fast-Paced but i much more prefer Black Ops 3 cause it has better support and the Devs on the forums actually listens to you and try to help u with problems!Its a big NO to buy this game, might play it again when its free weekend.But a good thing is, my PC handles this game better then their dumb game Ghosts..."
76561197966600135,Not Recommended,292730,30204662,Posted: 26 February,all,Logos,"installed the weekend demo. no zombies, no campaign. cant play online cause the game crashes. whats the point of a demo that makes u NOT want the game. its like the 15% approval wasnt already a turn off enough.CoD is taking some unexpected design turns. even the menus lag, on a 1070 i7. darrrrrrr.hey at least jon snow made some $$ from this. hope his bank account doesnt crash like this game.i wish people would stop spending money on this crap and support actually good devs and good games... big game publishers need to die off, like ubisoft, like activision, like EA.... support the little guy. jon snow can handle himself well enough."
,Recommended,292730,30156257,Posted: 24 February,all,MsLivingDead,"I play a lot of gaming on PC, PS4 Pro, and Xbox one S, Its almost March 2017, and iv never had anyproblem finding any mode. The multiplayer is much better then i expected and what was told in these reviews. Its solid performance and running every setting on ultra on my 1060 6gb. 60fps no drops. I like Titanfall 2 more, but this is a solid multiplayer, its not comparable to BF1 because it plays very differntly so wont compare the two, but will say its worth $30, is it worth $60 not at all, but if you get it for $30 you probably wont be disappointed. Game onine is not dead in anyway"
,Not Recommended,292730,26439385,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AE Draco,THIS GAME♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FEELS AND PLAYS LIKE CRAP AND LAGS
,Not Recommended,292730,30206278,Posted: 26 February,all,ephiras,Good game BUT CHEATER ANY WHERE OMG PLS MAKE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ANTI-CHEAT...
76561198049705105,Recommended,292730,35319731,Posted: 29 September,all,NEDYAH,One of the most well thought out and straight up best campaings I have ever playedThis game is a masterpiece.
76561198274457563,Not Recommended,292730,34036285,Posted: 5 August,all,Dr. LOGiQ,"This game was fun for a short time. But you'd be lucky to A) Get it working, B) Start the game and not have an update every single time, C) Have it not crash when it starts or somewhere in the menus, D) Not finally get into a lag-fest of a game just to be met by a load of hackers and trolls and E) Not have to put up with their completely pathetic, cancerous ""community"" of trolls. No, this game is not worth buying. I honestly would like my money back, because let alone the game being completely full of hackers that don't get punished/banned even when brought to light, and trolls who spew racism or other highly offensive B.S and once again, don't get punished, you just can't even play the game. I know it was supposed to be in beta stage, but that's no excuse, there's just so many problems that don't get fixed, it's a miracle anyone would even consider buying this. But if you're looking at reviews because you want to know if it's worth buying... no, definitely not. Save yourself the bother, put the money to better use."
,Not Recommended,292730,30164678,Posted: 25 February,all,Breeze,♥♥♥♥♥game :D
76561198129555613,Not Recommended,292730,30131569,Posted: 23 February,all,MEDIC!,"DO NOT BUYThis will focus on the multiplayer. The game is actually fun to play once you learn the maps and understand the different classes. The biggest problem with this game is the lack of players. You can only find TD games, no other mode will be played. Very frustrating considering it's not even 6 months old. But even if you like TD don't expect too many matches because of the lack of people playing.If you think you should buy this for Modern Warfare Remastered, DO NOT. Multiplayer is dead. It's very hard to find a TD(less than 300 players on at one time, even on Friday/Saturday/Sunday)and if you look at the steam chart numbers it's only getting lower. They also added guns and melee weapons from other Call of Duty games through ""Depot"" buys, which doesn't help at all to make it feel nostalgic.Short Review:This game is not bad. The problem is the lack of players and it's only getting worse. If you really want to play this, look to buy it on another platform with more players, I would stay far away from the PC version."
,Not Recommended,292730,30131406,Posted: 23 February,all,VRock,"OH MY, this game is really bad.All this futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥ LOCKED FrameRATE, BAD TEXTURES!I'm really glad activision created this chance to let us play this garbage for free.I really don't feel bad about people who buy this, they are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Buying every year the same CoD, I stopped buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥since MW3.I want a refund of my time please.P.S:Stop doing CoD."
76561198036960971,Not Recommended,292730,30131548,Posted: 23 February,all,BIG BLACK BRUCE,This game is so bad I can't even connect to my own private match
76561198120189104,Not Recommended,292730,30131581,Posted: 23 February,all,bullshiz,"What a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The amount of money they wasted on this garbage is unfathomable. Everyone at Activision should be fired, even the janitors and the people in the lunch room. Jesus H Christ. Blizzard took some time off making dog♥♥♥♥♥♥expansions to make a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥Cod... This is even worse than Black Ops 3. THE ONLY REASON ANYONE BUYS THIS IS TO GET THE MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED. The first time you load this you will want to quit before you even start. I've been trying to get this free garbage game to load and the game has crashed once and i've had to hard restart 3 times.Before you say it my computer is a beast... I can play anything. So at this point I'd pay them to remove this rotten fetus from my machine.Good call on the free weekend I'm sure you'll sell alot more copies. The rating as already gone from Mixed to Mostly Negative. Wow just wow..."
,Not Recommended,292730,31500747,Posted: 1 May,all,Yee,My Favorite thing about it was the uninstall button!What Is You're Favorite Part About This Game?
76561198179317142,Not Recommended,292730,30268871,Posted: 1 March,all,YEEEEEBBUDDY,This game is rendered useless to me because i have what seems to be an unfixable error (codenamed error:Bergunda) I have searched forums and cant find out anything on this error but because of it i cant get into a multiplayer game. I join the lobby and then the game starts the game startup screen is shown then i get kicked for the error. Please fix this!
,Not Recommended,292730,30460894,Posted: 11 March,all,Alan34572,"Yo you guys need to fix somethings,  because everytime i play zombies in space land when i do the second seticom defense part of the easteregg ,my game pretty much the video freezes but the game is still going ,no audio nothing,  but once it unfreezes the game shows me dead even when i know there wasn't any zombies close by"
,Not Recommended,292730,30150546,Posted: 24 February,all,Takujin,Dont buy this shi.t! Buy bf1 instead.
,Not Recommended,292730,35508622,Posted: 5 October,all,Iambic Pentameter,"Have frequent issues with multiplayer lag and frames are capped at 90 fps. Literally get dropped from every match and i have never had issues with other COD games before, this one is just hottibly optimized. Only thing it has going is the visuals and concept. I'd stay away if you're looking for a fun multipolayer experience."
,Not Recommended,292730,35443423,Posted: 3 October,all,NewAgeSoldier(4NAS4) =D3S=,"Not the best game, I think Black Ops 3 is better than this!But I like a few things in the game, like the shield grenade, the Volk, and another weapon which is catogized in Launchers!"
,Recommended,292730,26421387,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dead girls don't say no,"The negative comments are really damn childish, they decide to play the game for less than an hour, then proceed to say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥and spamming refund without experiencing its full potential. It's sad to see people only want to trash talk the game because they 'Don't Like Future Things'  ,plus, they are not actually giving proper reasons to why they dislike the game so much.I got COD: IW, only, and at this point I'm really impressed with it. Multiplayer is quick and fast paced, and is overall really enjoyable. The developers have created a better interactual system with the player, which really boosts gameplay. They even brought back old classics like Intervention and M1. Maps are well designed for wall riding and/or jumping, creating really smooth gameplay. Maps is close corned, creating good suspense, so accuracy and reflex is key to winning a fight and not just ''I Shot First! He Should Have Died!''Zombies is very enjoyable with friends. There are countless easter eggs, and a good COD zombie experience. It can get tense very quickly if a player goes down, as the whole team is forced to pick him up with countlesss zombies chassing you.And singleplayer. They have really created a fun and very action based campaign. Story is good, and so is the combat. You now have many different ways of maneuvering around ur surroundings, plus, jon snow, Kit Harington, is the voice actor for the head character of the enemy.Graphics and gameplay is as good as a COD game can be (GTX 970, i7, 16 gb) I'm running over 90 fps at max settings, a bit of server lag now and then, but nothing that will destroy the experience.I will give this game a clear 8.5/10, would deffinietly recommend this too any COD fan, as this game is a clear and true Cod experience."
,Not Recommended,292730,26410245,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Big Nig Dibbler,"So far I can't even get out of the menu without the game crashing. Haven't seen anything other than loading screens and cutscenes.*WILL CHANGE REVIEW ONCE FIXED*Specs:AMD FX 8320AMD R9 290 TRI-X16GB Kingston RAM2TB HDDASUS M5A78L-M-------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: So I finally got to play the game, I played some multiplayer, a little bit of the campaign and a game of zombies. All I can say is that I have found better collections of♥♥♥♥♥♥in Syrian public toilets. This game is the strongest example we have of Inifinity Ward just throwing a game out to pc with no real care. Don't get me wrong, the graphics are good - and undoubtedly if you're a console gamer or a 12 year old - you're gonna ♥♥♥♥in love this game, but if you actually appreciate the way a game runs technically, and your money then surprise: don't buy this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.All the 12 year olds are welcome to say &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥pc alert potatoe alert"" or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because it's fine if you want to ignore how♥♥♥♥♥♥this Activision really is, but I am refunding this♥♥♥♥♥♥as I write this - because if I wanted to get a game that is just recycled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- I'd walk into ♥♥♥♥ing Poland and buy their recyclable boardgames♥♥♥♥♥♥or whatever.Many thanks - this game sucks - suck my Johnson."
,Recommended,292730,26444990,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Bacon Deity,"I haven't played CoD since Black Ops 1. And coming back to it here, is actually pretty nice. I know what CoD means to the internet these days, and I know how much Activision likes to eat♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But honestly, if these games weren't released every year like clock work, I think there would be a less hateful bias against it, because frankly? It's pretty good.I love space and sci-fi, and so far, the game has done quite well in the portrayal of the Martian Arabs' war on the United States of America's Earth and the sci-fi tropes within. The game looks great, and plays very well. I love the attention to ""possible"" detail of things futuristic. Like the spacecraft you fly for example, as a pilot myself, I really like the design of the craft and the thought put into it. The remastered CoD4 is also a great addition, despite all the cloak and dagger that's been done by Activision and all...In all honesty, I really think that if CoD wasn't released every damn year, and if Activision didn't try to Greek-f**k your wallet's thighs with its BS, people wouldn't be hating on it so much... It's honestly a good game. It's not genre defining, of course, but niether is BF1."
,Not Recommended,292730,26426781,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Torzac,This game Just plain sucks!
,Recommended,292730,27526755,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tie-Wearing Sheep,"I can tell why the game runs better on PC! 3 years were really worthing my waiting for the new CoD from IW! I can tell they finally optimized the engine for PC, and yes, I can tell that all the gamemodes are fun, and campaign is so awesome. I can tell its better than Black Ops 3 - 11/10"
,Recommended,292730,26464099,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,-M-KAIJU,"Reading through the initial reviews has been comical glimpse of the infallible troll logic of the internet. I felt it only right to actually give an actual review from the perspective of an experienced FPS PC & Console player rather than just spoiled ignorant rants and fits. I sincerely pity the dolts who bought and refunded this game as I see it as a satire of a generation x/millennial mentality. I really do not see the logic in passing judgment within the first hour of game-play. If your not good, get better, adjust your controls. Your not going to be pulling nukes in the first 3 matches no matter what games you've played before. If the game crashes, adjust your settings or get better hardware.With that said, if you are:1. Seriously considering the game2. Previous or current CoD player3. FPS enthusiastRead on, enjoy, leave a comment or question and I'll be glad to respond.If your a troll, take those potassium packs over to the BF1 and TF2.*Note - I've only played MP so far so I'm basing my opinion on that, but from what I heard and seen campaign seems epic as visual and theatrical scenes are killer. Played a single round of Zombies was alright, but was never a fan. Zombie fanboys would have already bought this game 3 years in advance lol.As a legacy CoD fan, I really think they've finally fine tuned the futuristic FPS franchise with this installment. If you played Black Ops 3 then you'll be right at home playing this, and probably carry an initial advantage as you'd be familiar with the movement system.What's nice about IW is that everything that was great about BO3 was kept and all the little creases folded for clean, optimized game-play. I'm in no way bad-mouthing B03 (I'm master prestige approaching 800 hrs), I think it really was a great addition which evolved the series in an awesome way. What is more is that it will have an awesome game life as Mod Tools has been added.IW for certain drew upon the positives and pulled the game into a more realistic direction with the improved movement properties. The wall running is much more controlled and the general physics feels like there is more volume to the characters and environment. The game play does not favor different strategies and user game styles. You can still rush if your good or play defensively as a beginner/novice. From my experience so far, It pays to be tactical and then and go for the flank unless your running shotgun or a rush setup. Another interesting note, Bots in custom games actually camp now so its just a strategy, while I don't prefer or respect, has proven to be an aspect of MP.The new weapons are really cool and now with dropped/crafted variants there is a whole new level of customization to MP. The energy weapons are really cool with the ability to bank shots. Classic weapons also make a cameo for the die hard CoD/MP fans. Everything seems to have a nice balance, but of course there will always be the OP weapons in core, that's why I prefer HC. There is no reason why an AR at long range should do more damage than an LMG, nor should it take 3-5 chest/headshots to take someone out. I'm sure they'll be plenty to Nerf/Buff in the coming updates.There are now so many new lethals and tacticals that you'll have hours just finding the right situations to use them in. The perks have stayed relatively the same from BO3 with some that were added and altered. By altered, I mean some of the BO3 perks are now rig alterations. The rigs (specialists from BO3) are equipped with multiple abilities, special weapons, and traits to gain the upper hand in battles.New swag from the Quartermaster (black market in BO3) like guns, calling cards, emblems, etc give the game an awesome dash of personal touch and lethal edge with epic/legendary variants. Not to mention the different teams that offer loads of different challenges and in game currency, with new companies possibly rumored to come out with the DLCs.The maps are finally not the traditional 3-lane and are a great change from the past few CoDs. The vertical/square architecture is nice but the spawn logic is a bit flawed presently, but we haven't even seen update 1 yet.That about covers the main aspects of the multiplayer game I can think of. Matchmaking has been really good, so optimized its hard to join friends because lobbies fill up so quick. My only gripe is that there is no hold/toggle sprint, but that's peanuts compared to what I think is the best CoD thus far."
76561198296073179,Not Recommended,292730,26424696,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,callerypa,Didnt know it was possible but its a worse version of bo3.
,Recommended,292730,26439953,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Lisp,"While I bought the legacy edition, my main focus is only on Infinite Warfare, since I'm still a bit exhausted from boot on the ground games. I wanna start off by saying that I'm not having any issues with performance at all, I'm using a GTX 1070, but I have two friends using a GTX 970, who are also not having any performance issues. The game runs smoothly and in my opinion one of the best PC ports for CoD. In addition, there graphics for the game have definetly improved from Black Ops 3, it's easily noticeable when looking at the textures. Before diving right into the review, I wanna state that I play both Battlefield and Call of Duty games, since people love to make the comparision between the two...even though they are completetly different games.Pros:• Amazing Campaign (8 hours, has side missions, a nice variety in missions, great story)• Well Optimized• Graphics Improvement (mostly noticeable on the textures and lighting)• Smooth Exo-Movement• Better Variety of Guns (laser weapons are so awesome)• Zombies (its easier than BO3, but its still really good)Overall Multiplayer is Good:• Deeper customization that can appeal to anyone's play style.• Includes a variety of weapons with the addition of classical ones (M1, UMP, Spas12)• New gamemodes such as Frontline (stops spawn camping), and Infection.• Added replayability through craftable weapons.Cons:• Campaign's pacing is a bit too slow.• Multiplayer is Unbalanced.• Matchmaking sucks.• There are hackers lurking around, at least more in this CoD than any other that I have played.• Dev support is horrendous.Overall, I have really enjoyed this game. The campaign was entertaining and more than likely one of the best CoD campaigns. Multiplayer was very fast paced and kept me on my toes similar to Black Ops 3 with more replayability and customization. I would give this game a 9/10, for providing plenty of content, keeping me engaged, and for keeping the smoothness of Black Ops 3.EDIT: I docked .5 from my original rating, due to the lack of dev support."
,Recommended,292730,26445330,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DevWish,"Well, this may not be popular to type this, but I found the campaign to be pretty great. I had a lot of fun with the space-shooty parts and while the plot isn't deep, I didn't expect GoT level story driven quality levels (see what I did there).If you like shooters with some pretty cool environments, the campaign delivers!I haven't tried the mp yet, so I can't say anything about it."
,Recommended,292730,26499750,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,R4DFIELD,"Ill just think of this as a very expensive trip to the movie theater, the campaign was great, that is all."
76561198094243116,Recommended,292730,26429278,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gabeasaurus,"Well to start off, i dont know why there is so much hate over this game, it really just seems it got a hate bandwagon due to the fact they went againsts fans and made if another sci-fi boots off the ground game which i see why people are mad about it, but if you actually give this a chance or even delay your purchase (as yes there are problems with the pc port, but i have a gtx 980 and run max settings smoothly at 90fps) you will see that this game is actually quite good it feels great to play and the multiplayer is enjoyable and great to play and the only real thing that is annoying is some weapons are quite overpowered which they will most likely patch in the near future. To compare it to the latest cod, bo3, i really do think that Infinite warefare beats it in movement, guns and the overall feel of the game.All in all i give IW 9/10"
76561198119908880,Recommended,292730,26460737,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Price,Well first of all I didn't want to put any review until I played everything fully and a lot but i kind of felt I must defend cod from people review which I don't even know where they were watching or did they even played the game and reviewed based on what.-about single player it's perfect u know they used the ways of MW series only in future and I think it worked and yeah maybe the used or copied from some old stuff and other games but it's in the same way is new and i thing it has better space war than battlefront it was cool. So far I give the single player 10/10.-about multiplier it felt like bo3 and halo to me but better i give 9/10 for it.-about zombie I did loved it but yet i didn't met everything in it.well it was so far 10/10 too.-about cod 4 remastered well I don't need to talk about it :3 10/10
76561197987729728,Recommended,292730,26440673,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Squire,"Ill firstly say I have no idea why this game has so many negative reviews, probably cause people expect way to much or don't get there own way, or people are just following the crowd, but you can't really believe a review if you put an hour or less into the game.I can say, as soon as i brought the game i almost instantly fell in love with it. The game is beautifully made and you can tell there has been a lot of time and effort creating this game. The game is optimised and is perfectly smooth on my system and the graphics look so nice, and this is abit higher on minimum spec, the settings are normal/high.I have played all games in this franchise and i know infinity ward devs used to be the best at making the game in this franchise, such as the Modern warfare series. (Ghost was terrible and put alot of people off infinity ward i can agree with that)CampaignThe story line is very engaging, and you can tell it goes back to how it used to be in MW1, 2 & 3. Not with the plot of course, but that feeling of you wanting to play the next mission one after another. Infinite Warfare is more towards sci fi based, It brings a breath of fresh air to the call of duty franchise, (as so far its been pretty much the same for years, until now)MultiplayerI am very impressed with how the multiplayer has been made, out of all the call of duty games i have played online, infinite warfare introduces a unique experience that wants you to play more and more. I won't say anymore as i don't want to be spoiling it. Also i have not played a map where you actually fight in space, like in the trailer, and tbh i don't think there is one.It is a bit hard at first, but once you get used to it, you will be jumping off walls like a crazy person picking up kills in no time.Zombie ModeIt seems very unique, but can't say much as i have no put enough time into this mode.ConclusionIf your a call of duty fan, and love the franchise i would highly recommend as you won't be disappointed, and theres plently of content worth the money you spend. Of course if you ain't a call of duty fan and prefer Battlefield or Titanfall i would not recommend infinite warfare.If your someone who is fascinated with outter space, love sci-fi and FPS games and would like to see some of the concepts of how things look in space, i.e Planets, Moons etc. Then do yourself a favour and buy this game.But if you do plan to invest, well enjoy the amount of hours you will be investing in the innovative story and multiplayer, and maybe see you in game ;P."
,Recommended,292730,26459459,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Vulcan,story mode= AlrightPvp= not the best ive seenZombies= ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING CANT WAIT FOR MORE ZOMBIES MAP AND TO EXPLORE SOME MORE!
,Recommended,292730,26537631,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ralmeida #RapDasBaguetesNoYT,Call Of Duty: Space Warfaregr8 game
76561198114367564,Recommended,292730,26444261,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Raptor,Well i have played alot of call of duty and I have had alot of fun with this one people are just puting bad comments because it has boost jumps and they havent really played the game to experience its full potential and zombies is a great addition to the game 10/10
,Not Recommended,292730,31825635,Posted: 18 May,all,Mr. Joe,"Nothing stands out about it. Campaign is ok. Multiplayer just plain bad. Zombies, an attempt was made."
,Not Recommended,292730,30127044,Posted: 23 February,all,Bag pula in tot CS-ul,Cheap copy of Black Ops 3.
,Not Recommended,292730,30629800,Posted: 19 March,all,NewDivision,Not boots on the ground
76561198256865324,Not Recommended,292730,26444887,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,$ilbernagel,absolutedog♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,26602583,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"I don't care what the community of cod thinks but this game is great, yes maybe some unbalanced weapons but there is a thing called ""UPDATES"""
76561198220681484,Recommended,292730,26676744,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SoLe x Ghostly,"***** 5 Star Rating, Very under rated gameOnly bad point, not enough players and too many hackers :)"
76561198349133897,Recommended,292730,28233647,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hello : ) sorry,omg im new to the whole pc gaming thing..how can i make or find more friends on steam?? i want to play with random people online! no one is ever online!! please help me! im from sri lanka.thanks.the game is epic btw .thanks steam
,Not Recommended,292730,30126923,Posted: 23 February,all,Maxbeebs,"Well what can I say about this game? To start:Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare is where the men were separated from the boys.Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare is the game for really manly men who have no taste in first-person shooters.Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare is Infinity Ward's failure that got 3,462,980 dislikes on their 'Reveal Trailer' (At time of review)Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare can be considered the worst CoD game in the past decade.Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Call of Dod: Finite Gameplay seems decent though, Check it out.-rep Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare for being a real game.Last of all... do I still get to press 'F' to skip this one?"
,Recommended,292730,26428769,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ShambolicShayn,"IW is a good game, very fun and unique ideas, if it was released after nonstop ww2 cods, it would have been a good cod game.So, its a good game, but not a good cod game."
,Recommended,292730,26454828,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dyfe Strax,Campaign was suprisingly amazing.Multiplayer was stale.Zombies is fresh and lots of fun.
76561197961827905,Recommended,292730,26595873,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,G3Bishop,The negative reviews are unjustified. This game has one of the best stories I've ever experienced in a game. Period.
,Recommended,292730,26469179,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sivs,FUN
,Recommended,292730,26664011,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ZakR,"Everyone wants to hop on the hate train for this game without even playing it. I normally don't even write reviews, but due to all of the hate, I feel the need to.I'll start with the negatives.Cons - Low quality net code compared to other PC shooters. Games like Overwatch and BF1 outperform COD by a large margin. BUT, this game has BETTER net code than BO3, so keep that in mind.91 FPS cap. This doesn't particularly bother me, but there is no reason to make an FPS cap.Occasional stuttering in Multiplayer matches. Happens maybe once every other game, where i get zero FPS for about a half second.People who aren't already into COD multiplayer probably won't like the COD multiplayer. The game keeps getting more complex and I don't think it is very inviting for new players.Okay, negatives aside, what are the Pros?I have 700+ hours in the BO3 Multiplayer, and hundreds of more hours spread across other COD multiplayers, and i find this multiplayer to be particularly enjoyable so far. I went into the multiplayer with no enthusiasm, but after 20 hours of gameplay or so, i realized that i was genuinely enjoying the game. I think that the multiplayer is well balanced and well done overall.The creators of the Multiplayer probably had a lot of fun with the game, adding in a few classic weapons from MW2 and MW3 that look and feel just like their old versions.Optimization - For my PC personally, this game runs smoother than BO3 and AW. I have it on max settings at 60+ FPS, and i could not do that on the previous 2 CODs. The game looks graphically amazing, compared to the cartoony look of BO3.Zombies mode - SO MUCH FUN. I enjoy Trayarch zombies, but they always had a more serious tone, and with the way that the zombies maps were made, there was a lot of grinding involved to get set up. You ALWAYS had to spend 30 minutes to an hour watching youtube videos before you could even attempt to do well at all in a Treyarch zombies map.In the new zombies, it's so relaxed and fun. Everything is goofy and laid back. It isn't supposed to be taken seriously, and on top of that, it is probably one of the most fleshed out Zombies experiences i've ever had. There is so much more to do in this zombies mode than there ever was in any treyarch zombies, and it is all fun and easy to pick up on.The Campaign - I don't like playing COD campaigns. The last Campaign i enjoyed was World at War. The cinematic experience in that game was bar none. The last three Campaigns that i at least tried (BO2, Ghosts, and BO3) I ended up not finishing.IW's campaign, however, is an experience that drove me to finish it and pulled emotion out of me. And it was not the same linear experience that I was used to. It involved side missions and other decisions, giving it a never before seen felxability. That's all that i can say about it, you have to experience it first hand.TL;DR - If you liked BO3, get this game. It's a good one. It recieved a lot of hate for no reason other than falling into an unfortunate downward trend that the internet all got in on.Multiplayer - 8/10  (On par with BO3, with better net code/hit detection)Zombies - 9/10  (I am a treyarch zombies nerd, and I actually enjoy this zombies more than treyarch zombies)Campaign - 8/10  (This is coming from someone who generally HATES COD campaigns)"
76561198087357620,Recommended,292730,27022333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XXXVENTATION,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561197965537811,Recommended,292730,26443552,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FICBA,"runs like a dream - 1070GTX in 4k everything Ultra. Looks beautiful, campaign is excellent - the best COD since Modern Warfare. Probably why they chose to remaster that one! If it isn't running for you then you probably have a dodgy graphics card, MB, drivers, proc or ram."
76561197999892043,Recommended,292730,26432557,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dr. Zoidberg,"This game works perfectly for me 16gb ram; i7 and gtx970. But to me somehow the gameplay doesn't feel smooth. Just take a smg and run around. And still it feels like you're a robot (even when you're not that char). I bought it together with the remaster. I truly hope the remaster will flatter me more, because this game is fun don't get me wrong but not my cup of tea. Not sure if I'll play even 60h on multiplayer..."
,Recommended,292730,27545734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Katsta,"Zombies in Spaceland is where its at! Its a well put togeather COD, easy to quickly jump on and play a few games, perfect for the casual gamer. Love the COD series though have not been too impressed after MW1, its getting there now. Remastered is exactly how it used to be back in the day. The game may be lacking numbers in the amount of players, takes a while to party up during off-peak times. Overall im happy with it."
76561198023964113,Recommended,292730,30477448,Posted: 12 March,all,cjbarger,You people are Hypocrites you damn and Slam this console game but you continue to buy and play the game despite the hypocrisy.
,Recommended,292730,26438086,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gonzo850,"I bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Legacy Edition. I'm one of those weirdos that plays Call of Duty for the campaigns and zombies. If you are a weird like that too, you will be happy with this game.It plays like good old Call of Duty but it's still fresh. There are some really good big/small additions to the gameplay that other games should definitely copy. One of the additions is so fun you could make an entire game around them.I'm also a big fan of the specialist difficutly setting. It is a whole new Call of Duty. The player has to manage their armor and limb health. First playthrough I got shot on the leg and my character fell down. My weapon got shot and I had to catch it. I got shot on the right arm and my weapon was wobbling. I got shot on the left arm and I couldn't aim in. It's a really intersting way of playing Call of Duty. It forces you to play Call of Duty in a more tactical and methodical way instead of run and gun. (Never thought I would say that about a Call of Duty game.)The campaign doesn't feel like a cheesy war story anymore. It also gives you a sense of choice and freedom that is very refreshing. Call of Duty games have always been a linear campaign experience but lately they've gone too far. This one does not make that mistake.The remaster is very well done. Everything has been ramped up for replayability. There are lots of little features everywhere and they’re all designed to keep you coming back.If you want a multiplayer review, I strongly suggest you look up a professional review.***Please note that I play this game on a really beefy pc. I haven’t experienced a bug yet. Before buying, you should take note of your specs. If they’re cutting it close, head to the forums.***"
76561198095985970,Recommended,292730,26465598,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Brozar,multiplayer 7/10 (if you like BO3 you will like it)Single Player 10/10 (best story since MW1 MW2 AND MW3)Zombies 10/10 (with friends)
,Not Recommended,292730,26623610,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Big Daddy Red,It just was not fun and it was not worth 80 dollars. I would want to get this one on sale.
76561198047045099,Recommended,292730,26594373,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Digital_1mpulse,"The last call of duty I truly got into was black ops. I've been on a haitus from COD due to other pc games, and other shooters. Currently I mainly play Overwatch, and now the Bf1. Those are great games, but this game is also good in its own way. I enjoy the fast paced combat that isn't in Bf1 or Overwatch. I did get destroyed many of my first mp games, but I'm doing alright now. I'm having fun with it, but I can see how it can be overwhelming to just jump in and try for the min time before you can refund through steam. I think this game grows on you, and it has definitely grown on me."
,Recommended,292730,26557006,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fail Flail,Most in I've had with a cod game in a while
,Not Recommended,292730,30214570,Posted: 26 February,all,kasoore✅,no good
,Not Recommended,292730,30132931,Posted: 23 February,all,Fresh Prince of Nigeria,Literally cant even play the game. Absolute trash
,Recommended,292730,26427915,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,aXent ライ,"Okay, I have been very much enjoying the game so far. It has had a few issues with launching the Remastered, so I am waiting for a patch. Though for what I was expecting, I am astounded by the game so far. Very fun, much like a Halo game, which I am a big fan of!EDIT: It's been a long while since I've made this review, time to talk about MWRIt's ♥♥♥♥ing awful... Here's what I wrote in my Discord chat just to give you a taste.""there are no excuses for the god awful modern warfare remastered optimizationravensoft should be ♥♥♥♥ing sued for false advertisementif i can run almost any recent game on extreme settingsbut get 30fps and less on their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing remakethey shouldn't be ♥♥♥♥ing hired to do this piece of dogshitif you were considering getting the remastered, get it on a console.""Get the base game if you want Infinite Warfare, MWR is dogshit, and Ravensoft is the dog who dropped it. The worst part is, they never fixed the game, I had to run in Windows Safe Mode With Networking, run the game, and then restart my computer."
76561198032577422,Recommended,292730,26430352,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,chieftan171,very well ported. story is actually kinda nice with the settin too. honestly if it wasnt for bots this would not be awesome but it does so multiplayer is actually pretty fun and by far the fastest. smooth and silky man. and fun. just needs more support from activision and that cross play and it be perfect. its like takin advanced warfare and blops 3 and a lil modern warfare polish to it. remaster looks amazin. im not even a hard core fan im an experienced player and actually like it. dont fall for the hate train. i have battlefield 1 and titanfall 2 also. each have their pros and cons. 3 way tie between all of em honestly so well done on all fronts here. wana know what sucks? no damn boost slam thou or hooks. love that in advanced warfare and titanfall 2
76561198070285008,Recommended,292730,30716729,Posted: 24 March,all,SaulX64,"Game is Amazing, absolutely nothing wrong with it in my eyes...  most negativity is from bandwagon little turds that can't form their own opinion.  When you are in the game actually playing, its all sorts of fun.  No one ever gives gameplay reasons why they think this game is bad, they just say it is trash and no reasons that relate to gameplay.  I mean if you liked Black ops 3, I do not see a reason not to like this game."
,Recommended,292730,26444573,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SohdaKreme,"If you want a good COD hand it over to infinity ward, if you want an amazing COD let Treyarch do it. This game is good and fun only problem is they decided to heavily neglect PC. They will hotfix these problems soon for people of the smaller brain but when I started off the mouse accleration was ridiculous and there wasn't any in game way to succesfully turn it off. Had to go into Game files. Other than that its a great game....also COD4 remastered"
,Recommended,292730,26443381,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,freehotdawgs,"Really fun single player campaign is one of the best that Call of Duty has to offer. I played on an overclocked i7-3770k, 16gb ram, and an overclocked 1080, I averaged around 110fps on max settings at 1440p. I didn't have any crashes or many bugs at all. I only had some performance stuttering in some places, over all it was pretty good techinically. Took me about 8-9 hours to complete the game. I liked this one a lot more than Advanced warfare and BO3. No spoilers, but the mission on Titan was super awesome."
,Recommended,292730,29258018,Posted: 14 January,all,masterboatman,I love this game a lot! It's highly addictive and extremely fun! The guns are balanced good.
,Recommended,292730,30664301,Posted: 21 March,all,A Puppy,"I preordered this game and it was nothing less than I expected. I was expecting the game to be a fun game to just go into a play a few matches now and then, and I was also expecting the campaign to be spectacular, which in my opinion it was.(Great job Infinity Ward!👍🏻)"
,Recommended,292730,26449011,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,forasp,"Performance was extremely good on my R9 390 + i5 6500.Single player campaign is freaking epic, worth the pricetag by itself.Experienced one crash, didn't really bother me too much, I was freaked out that I'd have to start the mission over but instead picked up exactly where I crashed.Multiplayer is alright, it's not new, and it's not perfect, but it's not terrible.Here's my take: CoD IW is effectively what everyone waiting for Squardron 42 is wanting, and they did an excellent job at creating a well done, relatively optimized, single player campaign; however, the fighter/space combat is downright terrible. But let's face it, it's better than SC's current space combat, and it exists in playable form today (while SQ42 doesn't yet). I think this game is a good way to tide yourself over while you wait, and that's pretty much what most games end up being anyways.Fair warning: Multiplayer seems to be most heavily based on rock/paper/scissors at time, and not even remotely on skill (or maybe I'm being matched well with relatively equally skilled players, in which case ""neat!"") If you're prone to ragequitting, the MP is probably not for you, but that's okay because we're all different types of gamers, and not all games appeal to everyone.I think a lot of the negative reviews are blown out of proportion.While I won't recommend you buy the game if you're on the fence, I would recommend it if you were planning on it but put off by bad reviews.If I had to give the multiplayer a rating it would be 6.5 out of 10. If I had to give the campaign a rating it would be 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,292730,26595569,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hisoka,"I think the game is alright i wouldn't hate on other then the maps, they''re pretty small but hopefully you guys make  bigger maps. Other then that it's a good game."
,Recommended,292730,26465918,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Warrec,"So first from the top on this review, I want to cover Modern Warfare Remastered. After spending not a lot of time in general a lot is already apparent.1) The Graphics are beautifulAs should be the case with a ""remastered"" game, the graphic content has remained traditional to the game, yet updated to a more refined beauty.2) We need work on serversServers constantly go down for various maps, and with already slow loading times, it's frustrating to wait 3 minutes only to have your entire team be booted.3) Please bring dedicateds backEVERYONE preferred dedicated servers. Not this BS of random maps with map voting. If I want to play a 1 hour Crossfire match with 500 kill score limited 55 times a day, let me dammit!!!!Now on Infinite warfare. Much like everyone else I bought Infinite Warfare to have MW Remastered and haven't played IW yet... MW remastered should have just been a seperate release with dedicated servers, but w/e.Anyway, it's fun and I recommend."
,Recommended,292730,26472302,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Wolf Rayet,"I can safely say that after over 30 hours, I really enjoy this game.The multiplayer, while still very fun for me, is still mostly the same CoD you know, and if that is not your thing, then I understand, but the multiplayer is not why you should buy this game.The campaign. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥FINALLY CoD has returned to great storytelling. It is basically The Expanse the video game, in the best possible way. Epic space drama between the two mega powers of our solar system, characters whos personalities change and the correct amount of story building to get you attached to people, only to watch them ripped away in a moment before your eyes. It is a Sci Fi joy ride from start to finish that provides non stop action, a story that is not predictable, and high quality writing and voice acting start to finish.Sure, if the campaign is all you want, wait to buy this until it is not 60, go right ahead, but do NOT gloss this story over. It is amazing and deserves praise in a world where single player has become an after thought.Fair winds soldiers!"
,Recommended,292730,26465999,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Robertallee,Absolutely amazing campaign.  Loved every minute of it.
76561198039816259,Recommended,292730,26682522,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,^1voy777,"Great game, much better than Blops III!Guns feel fowerful and not nerfed as Blops IIIGreat movement and speed.Maps are bigger than Blops IIIDon't understand the haters, this is a good game!"
,Recommended,292730,26442261,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rayncle,"The new Call of Duty is perfect, really, I don't know why people hate it.1. This game has awesome maps with great backgrounds.2. Game has a really good optimization. Better than bad optimization in Black Ops III.2. Campaign is good, but not wondreful like Modern Warfare's campaign.-You can fly in space on your spaceship, it's really nice and funny thing.-You're the captain of the space cruiser!-And more good things.3. Multiplayer is realy perfect. It's very fast, dynamic, interesting and just funny.-All maps are good and created for dynamic game.-You have a lot of guns and equipment.-You can craft your equipment with 4 rariteis.4. Zombies is nice addon where you can play with friends and very fast spend time.I recommend this game. I happy that Infinity Ward developed wondreful game. Thank you Infinity Ward!"
76561198018324784,Not Recommended,292730,26637182,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kinky_Devil,Don't Waste your time
,Not Recommended,292730,26698490,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sick,"What a waste of a game, It was 60 pounds and i coulnd't even get a refundDO NOT BUY, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE"
,Recommended,292730,26698584,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,p3ter,"Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare MULTIPLAYER REVIEW + ZOMBIESPros for Multiplayer* What Black Ops 3 Should have been* Feels like it actually the ""Future"" instead of just jetpacks* Very fast paced* Graphics are better overallPros for Zombies* Fun and New* Graphics are better overall* Fun characters* Its not like ghosts with ""aliens""Cons for multiplayer* Kinda hard to learn* If you dont like Kill, die, kill, die, kill, die don't buy it for TDM or FFACons for Zombies* None so far"
,Recommended,292730,27727821,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,haoN,Pretty bad game if i do say so myself :}
,Recommended,292730,26683926,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SirBreezy,"Multiplayer is okay I guess, but definitely not the best. Probably should have listened to the public and made it boots on the ground rather than giving everyone annoying♥♥♥♥♥jetpacks. Zombies is really fun however every game you play someone is afk. The reason for this is because it allows them to farm for keys.. It's just annyoing at this point. There needs to be a way to stop that♥♥♥♥♥♥ As for the campaign, it was also really fun. First time I've enjoyed the campaign more thann I enjoyed the multiplayer in a cod game. Now I dont know if that's because the campaign was really good or the multiplayer is really♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197984237528,Not Recommended,292730,26741704,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,-KORO-,worst call of duty ever do not buy did get a refund after 2 hours of play .....this is game is carbage
,Recommended,292730,27256929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TechaGek.,"People should give this game a chance, while it is futuristic and not exactly what everyone wants..The campaign is brilliant and quite probably the best I've ever played (aside from MW2).The zombies mode is a great addition and works well as it's own mini-game within the franchise.While the multiplayer can't change it's original Call of Duty formula, It advances more towards and beyond Black Ops 3..Shorter jump boost times and sliding less distance which balances it out a bit more.As for MWR, Raven Software did a stunning job at reviving the classic game that all of us loved and enjoyed. Personally I'd love them to become the 4th Call of Duty developer (even if it had mean't for them to direct their own Modern-era video game). 9/10."
,Recommended,292730,28095824,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,✪ Pr3dator,Yeah its actually better then i thought it was going to be- i give it 7/10
,Recommended,292730,26592802,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Purity,"Definitely reccomend. This game is not as bad as people are saying, I was very skeptical about this game but after trying it myself it is very fun. 1 great part of this game is if you're good at and a low level you are automatically a cheater. 10/10"
,Recommended,292730,26588985,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,✪ Chino,"Awesome Sucessor to BO3, kicks a$$ like every other COD game. Zombies is pretty fun, Multiplayer is great but not a lot of people SO BUY THIS!!! Campaign was legendary!!!!!!!!! Not even that hard to run as well, my calculator can run this :3"
,Recommended,292730,26607457,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ebu,"We'll be damned if Infinity Ward hasn't gone and pulled it out of the bag this year. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a dollop of  entertainment that somehow manages to exceed expectations. Yes, it hasn't really come all that far and no, Infinity Ward hasn't reinvented the wheel. But as Call of Duty experiences go, Infinite Warfare hits the mark. You can see the amount of time spent on making this game.8/10You should not take into consideration the reviews that have less then 4 hours of gameplay.I have yet to played the MP"
76561198075452441,Recommended,292730,26702111,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,'DarkRaider',Runs really smooth since the update Awesome game !!!
76561198313344209,Not Recommended,292730,30223284,Posted: 27 February,all,MaSSteR,its dont working... :(
,Not Recommended,292730,26707310,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Brendan,bad
76561198079521937,Recommended,292730,28280967,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,hptango252,My review is relating this COD to older onesDisclaimer: These are all personal opinionMain Points:Campaign(my favorite part by far)-----World at WarMultiplayer----Infinite WarfareZombies------ Black Ops 3Side Items:Weapons------------------GhostsAttatchments--------------Black Ops 2Perks-----------------------Modern Warfare 2Character Customization---Infinite WarfareMovement------------------Black Ops 3Progression (Campaign)----Black Ops 2Progression (Multiplayer)---Infinite WarfareProgression (Zombies)-----Black Ops 3Zombies Easter Egg--------Black Ops8/10 Overall---------------Black Ops 3 done rightMy top 5 favorite COD games (For Refrence):1. COD 22. BO23. WAW4. IW5. MW3
,Recommended,292730,26669740,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dark_Joker,"The game itself is good, a lot of people think it is S**t but it is still really good. I've been out of call of duty since black ops 2 and this game just brought me back into it."
76561198092189684,Recommended,292730,26540790,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Stojke,"The PC multiplayer is plagued with cheaters. Don’t really see their point of playing, other than just sick personalities. Lack of dedicated servers from Activision only promote such behavior.I’ve been aimed/tracked through the walls many times with preemptive shooting, regardless of Ghost Perk & Dead Silence used. Not sure is it Aimbot or sort of opponent scanner/boxes. Once even Invisibility did not help(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02oDbbHuZ8E). One thing is clear than cheating on PC platform is readily available and with current setup (no servers) Activision/Steam cannot do anything about it. Think once we paid them they should be responsible for that. Maybe the number of players on PC platform is so low that it’s not worth doing for them. That is the next problem, after the month of playing you can memorize most of names/players like there is only few hundreds of them (Europe) only.Played game on PS4 for few hours and the situation seems healthier than PC.Other than that, IW MULTIPLAYER is an very good game which deserves much better than mixed game ratings. The previous BO3 has risen the bar very high what makes IW slight disappointment. The game graphics is in pair with the BO3, nothing better and maybe little cartoonish. The sound is squeaky and very compressed. Space orientation is very confusing. That is where the BO3 really shined what is big disappointment.The maps are more or less nice, a bit asymmetric compared to BO3, and generally small. My personal preference is Frost, Terminal, Retaliation and Precinct. What is missing is really big map like CASTLE (BO2), INFECTION (BO3) or FRINGE (BO3) for sniper battles. Maps like EvilDead (BO2) would add wonderful charm to the game."
76561197962840270,Recommended,292730,32053097,Posted: 29 May,all,Traumatized Goat,Worth $30-$40 canuck bucks for the campaign. It's like playing through a decent sci-fi movie.
,Not Recommended,292730,30128634,Posted: 23 February,all,TheBrandedCrispy,Lame.
,Recommended,292730,28833629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,"Tykylo, the Intoxicated Autobot","I don't understand the hate for this game. In fact, I'm really enjoying it, especially the campaign.Campaign:There is no actual way for me to really describe it. I'll just say it's really great. Combat, especially the space sections, are very well executed, contrary to popular belief. You just know the writers behind the original Modern Warfare were behind this. It was just very well put together.Multiplayer:It's really kind of a mix between MW2 and Black Ops 3. I honestly hated it at first, but that was just five minutes into the multiplayer. I didn't give myself enough time to really sink my teeth into it. Sure enough, after a while, I'm starting to enjoy it more and more. It's a little more than decent, but be sure to give yourself enough time to really get into it.Zombies:It's a little less fun than Treyarch's zombies, but it's still enjoyable. It just feels kind of dumb, that's all.Optimization:Contrary to some idiots who think their potato is good enough, IW actually runs quite well on the machine I'm playing it on, about 90-100 FPS on my EVGA Classifed SuperClocked GTX 770. The people who say this port is very buggy probably have something on their machine that's causing the problem, or maybe they don't have the proper hardware.Comparison to Battlefield 1:I know I'm going to♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of people off with this statement; BF1, aside from it's graphics and World War 1 setting (big whoop) , has a sub-par story that and a multiplayer that's fun, but ultimately shallow in comparison to IW. I don't care how much EA is paying AngryJoe or IGN to sell out, BF1 is ultimately a shell of a game, at least from my critical standpoint.All in all, Infinite Warfare is a great CoD. Not as good as Modern Warfare, though. There are a couple things I would change about IW, but that's pretty much any game these days."
76561198217678765,Recommended,292730,33920415,Posted: 30 July,all,Nicolas ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,This game is kinda cool tough it need an good pc to run it without lag.Mine has gtx 950 and i 7 6700K and its not internet's problam because i have allways more than 10 Mbps
76561198189561219,Not Recommended,292730,31828804,Posted: 18 May,all,GUNNER G,game has never worked lol ive never even played it.i continue to update the game why i dont know.now a new cod is on the cards lets hope that one works.
,Recommended,292730,27926542,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Loprid,Everyone that like fast paste shooter will like the game
,Recommended,292730,26430430,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Scorch052,"Literally only cared about Campaign.Campaign is very, very good and took me about 7 and 1/2 hours to complete. If you're looking for a nice singleplayer experience and you've got money to blow, go for it. It's pretty fun.MP is probably♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zombies is probably♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD4 Remastered is kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198172917817,Recommended,292730,30183999,Posted: 25 February,all,CodeNamePizza,I Acually Like Infinite Warfare because it has nice graphic and maps and i think that people should acually play it.
76561198039990469,Recommended,292730,28898349,Posted: 1 January,all,RedfieldX9,Best Campaign!.. Love the new Zombies  mode!
76561198185442489,Not Recommended,292730,30209363,Posted: 26 February,all,DeagleM4st3r #Road2Global #noHax,worst game ever. guns suck. messa sucks. Free was to expensive!!!!
76561198063121292,Recommended,292730,30231758,Posted: 27 February,all,Draco Solarflair,A really fun game
,Not Recommended,292730,30177060,Posted: 25 February,all,spicy meat,boring
,Recommended,292730,29337556,Posted: 18 January,all,crash bandicoot,help me  i buy CP 1100  not work
76561198128209538,Recommended,292730,30298228,Posted: 3 March,all,PoisonFrog,Campaign is really good multiplayer is good and zombies is fun. Only con i have for this game is that its making me get a new graphics card cause i can barely get 30 fps while using my gt 730
,Recommended,292730,30003496,Posted: 18 February,all,Black Arsenic,"Best game ever. Requirements should be lower and price too, Alienware 15 hot to the touch even with full speed fans"
76561198087333221,Recommended,292730,30222321,Posted: 27 February,all,badplayer000,"This is a good game. However it's just a bit to late. This is what Cod Ghost should have been; better graphics, somewhat new gameplay style and physics, in addition to other improvements.A very enjoyable game for any FPS gamer out there, but on a few premises. You need a beast computer, graphicscard should be 1060 or better. You also need to be interested in the call of duty genre, in addition to being good at the game. There is, believe it or not, skill required to succeed in the multiplayer part of the game.Singleplayer story 8/10.Multiplayer 8/10.Third game mode 5/10."
,Not Recommended,292730,30176646,Posted: 25 February,all,Rummplforskin,Demo doesn't let you play a single level of the campaign. Back to Battlefield!
76561198053268713,Not Recommended,292730,33859762,Posted: 28 July,all,BoomDaus,"please kill this game do not buy it on any platform other ps4 as they are no players.not enough people had terminal when i used to play it. zombie feels nice but was never a solo player so it a no go on pc. There is no lobby chat. I only like two guns and one secoundary in the entire game, the erad smg which is the first one and the first dlc ar which is free btw(challenge or season pass). i dont know if this game has splitscreen as everyone that comes over wants to do bo3. I Have had lots of people say that the campaing is really good but please dont buy this game unless its 75% off .multiplayeryou die quickthe good guns are borring (less recoil gun are the better ones)my favourite gun are usually the burst and they are all trash on iwsnipers are very bad which i do most in bo3there are only TDM matchszombiesonly solo as no one plays itgood feel and movement though"
,Not Recommended,292730,33711814,Posted: 21 July,all,Mini Mario,bad
,Not Recommended,292730,29316831,Posted: 17 January,all,SnickerDoodle,"So trash. Never has a game made me want to kms this much ever. 0/10 do not buy plz,"
76561198001153561,Not Recommended,292730,31467343,Posted: 30 April,all,Jizanthapus,"Multiplayer is broken, has been broken, and when it works it only  barely works.  Each new download seems to make things worse.Go buy TitanFall 2 instead."
,Recommended,292730,29787976,Posted: 8 February,all,Fruityland,"At the launch of the game, I wasn't really into the game, but over time I started to enjoy every single second of the game. It's somehow felt like Battlefield 3: Horrible at launch, but after a while, after adding a DLC and patches, the game feels good. There are of course cons, which I don't understand why did Infinity Ward re-added some stuff to the game, like the Overpowered Akimbo, which was one of the most hated things in previous Call of Duty series. Treyarch did a great job with it, by nerfing them and it took a bit of skill in Black Ops 3, but if I had to choose between IW and BO3, I'd choose this one. People say that Infinity Ward don't make any good Call of Dutys anymore, but for me, every single time they released one, I was never disappointed."
,Recommended,292730,29787386,Posted: 8 February,all,MOT@ Ninja Cobra,its  a okay game its have its lag  an there are some to its where it does look like some one kill you right with you spawn in your dead  that fast its like what the hell going on every time i spawn in i die  game doesn't make any since about the spawns but its a game
,Recommended,292730,32390768,Posted: 13 June,all,EbEnEGaming,This is a cool game
76561197963229908,Recommended,292730,26438693,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,THE DEAL,"Best campaign in years, space combat is a lot of fun and being able to choose which missions you want to complete is a nice touch. Zombies is fun and better then ever and a must play co-op, but it's been 3yrs of zombies and I miss the spec-ops missions or even do another horde style extiction mode just not zombies again!  Multiplayer is were is falls short.  Its basically BO3 Multiplayer with some tweaks. Do yourself a favor and get the legacy edition because cod 4 remastered is so worth it and that multiplayer is better then IW."
,Not Recommended,292730,31709225,Posted: 12 May,all,Total Coaster,gave me 4 mouse sensitivity options
76561198005916759,Recommended,292730,29270274,Posted: 15 January,all,jason987362,One of the best COD campaigns I've played.
76561198077105794,Recommended,292730,30155646,Posted: 24 February,all,Nursing Student,I don't get the hate. It's just COD with robots. Fun for what it is.Maybe they should have named it something other than COD...
,Recommended,292730,30178530,Posted: 25 February,all,Neffpunk,"This is just my Opinion- When I looked at the game trailer, I thought man this game is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ So I saw it on the free weekend, and said to myself ""I feel like I'm gonna regret this,"" and after playing a little of this game, I actually found it more enjoyable than I did with bo3. Sure, the hit detection is weird af, and future setting may be boring, but hey, they got the boots on the ground mode ""tactical team deathmatch."" As I was saying, this isn't actually a bad game at all. Sure, Battlefield 1 is way better, but still, it's ok. I'd give it probs a 6.5/10"
,Recommended,292730,26440234,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,Game run perfectly my specs are AMD FX 8350 4.00 GHZ and GTX960 4gb running on high everything getting 60 fps lock with v-sync on
,Not Recommended,292730,32300696,Posted: 9 June,all,Beowulf,very bad
76561198127531834,Recommended,292730,26427142,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,skateordiee,i dont know why this game gets alot a hate but personally i really did enjoy playing it zombies mode is awesome and i can easily get 60fps with gtx960 not sure if there just trolling people not to get this game and saying its a bad port.
,Recommended,292730,30168059,Posted: 25 February,all,MJAT7,"Y'know, I think this game is getting too much♥♥♥♥♥♥for what it really is.Infinite Warfare, the newest game in the Call of Duty franchise, and it's nothing like the other Call of Duty games (not really in a good way), but if the game didn't have the huge Call of Duty label on it I think people would like it a bit more.Infinity Ward gave us a new Call of Duty, instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it how about you actually play it and make the best out of it. There's obviously not going to be another CoD game until the end of this year, might as well make the most of what you have.I do have to admit though, when playing it, it didn't really feel like CoD, it didn't feel as smooth as say Black Ops III did, if anything it felt smoother, but not really in a good way.Honestly, all I'm saying here is to give Infinity Ward a chance, sure, maybe Infinite Warfare isn't what you thought it would be, but I know many people who like the game for a part of it (campaign, zombies, multiplayer), even its entirety. And CoD 4 Remastered was very good (even though they added supply drops and all) when I played it back on console. Infinity Ward worked for over a year to make this game, and everyone is flaming hate over it.I'm not a major CoD player, I play these games casually. This review may not apeal to the competitive players out there. All I'm saying is a CoD game is a CoD game, all are different but revolve around the same mechanic. If the annual Call of Duty game is bad, either don't play it or make the most out of it until the next one releases. All this hate won't even matter after the next one releases so what's the point?"
,Not Recommended,292730,31065450,Posted: 10 April,all,Haze,trash
,Recommended,292730,26440648,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,my dude collin,its coo
76561197970666907,Recommended,292730,26444225,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chronos,"Sorry to see so many poor reviews. I do not play multiplayer thanks to punks who shoot spawners and curse you on any kill they suffer. As a single player campaign, I find this a good game.  It is an AAA FPS game, of which there have been few and far lately. Great graphics, great story, ok combat so far (3 hours in so far). If you like SP combat, this is well worth the money until a new Half Life shows up ;-)"
76561198068254258,Recommended,292730,26443707,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mandalore,"its really good, idiots hate without even playing it."
76561197968309984,Recommended,292730,26443643,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,thedeuce75,I like it alot more then I thought I would.
,Recommended,292730,26461781,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Erthrock,"I think this was well worth my 100$. and i havent even played cod4 remastered. IW is a very fun game and has put call of duty back on its roots, with a serious emotional and amazing story, a multiplayer that is serious, fits the theme, and is great enough to remember. And the zombies is just amazing, it may seem silly to others, but to me i see a fun yet serious (terms of fitting its storyline) gamemode."
76561198096693352,Recommended,292730,26436822,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[B@KD] Skillz,"I get CoD for the zombies so im pretty happy with the game already but from what ive seen of the campaign looks pretty sweet, im sure the multiplayer will be the same hack fest as previous CoD's tho"
76561198083212722,Recommended,292730,26436740,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fury_ET,A little too awesome hahaha am i right guys hehe no ok ok
,Not Recommended,292730,30459862,Posted: 11 March,all,Vaginal Thievery,to even be good at this game you need to put atleast another 100 dollars towards guns.Also MWR is so dead and full of hackers already and most maps have horrible frame rate drop.2/10
,Recommended,292730,26431363,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MxxiiiF,"Runs flawlessly, not had any problems on campaign, multiplayer or zombies."
,Recommended,292730,26431291,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Da_Man_Rocks,"Only played the single player campaign so far but after completing it I can say that this is a great game.My experience with the setup had a hiccup as the game would crash on startup but after a Windows update all was fine.I have never had the game crash or freeze on me and to be honest this is one of the best experiences I've had in a while for a AAA game launch.In terms of campaign content I loved all of it, from the boots on ground close quarters combat to the space battles in zero gravity.This is a recommend purchase for anyone who likes space battles, close quarters combat, or just futuristic games in general."
76561198010314086,Recommended,292730,28925936,Posted: 1 January,all,Philosoraptor,"COD Infinite Warfare a fast pace call of duty game, tha is absolutly amazing, well it is fast paced and the maps are bigger it has the same feel as other cods, the smgs are better than any other game, plus you dont have people flying every where like black ops 3. If I were you I would pick up the game now, it is on sale for 80 bucks if you want everything."
76561198218865583,Not Recommended,292730,30857578,Posted: 31 March,all,novistang,This game is crap and never lets you into a game.
76561198315202118,Recommended,292730,29439504,Posted: 23 January,all,MrMonsterFriday,"One Of The Most Epic Game Ever. Fun to play, Zombies is not bad but need to add more maps. Multiplayer is fun but finding a match takes 20 mins or more. Usually i'm never able to find a match(Please Fix This, It's hard and boring as hell to wait.)Overall, Great game. Season pass helps for extra rewards and DLC Maps"
76561198369469551,Not Recommended,292730,30187466,Posted: 25 February,all,GT_MOHT,Trash game has completely lost it i was bored after 20 mins would not pay for this gamesuch a fail clunky cartoon looking garbageWhat happend to cod ?Do not buy it complete waste of time .
,Recommended,292730,26449903,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vacced for bullshit,mleh
,Recommended,292730,26622353,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SlapStickDavis,"So, I'm playing this as someone who hasn't played CoD since Black Ops II....And I'm thoroughly impressed. It's very well optomized, runs well on my GTX 960M, and is rather interesting in terms of gameplay.The only complaint I'd have is that the two PC versions are not connected, meaning the player base seems smaller than it probably is."
,Recommended,292730,26730121,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Egerion,"Don't know why people give that game a negative feedback...I think its a good game.I didnt tryed Campaing mod but multiplayer is very funny.The only problem that i'm having is poor optimization, but they are trying to optimize game right now and its keep getting better with driver and game updates."
17546843621984651,Recommended,292730,26450136,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Proteus Knight,"A supprisingly good story.Space battles are solid, better (about the same) flying then battlefront 2if you just look at the game and not the fact that its holding mw1 behind a load of crap it is the best cod ive played in a while."
,Not Recommended,292730,26591138,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Her0,"Why do I evem bother with this series, I should have stopped after ghosts. I r8 a solid 0/10, pls extend refund period to 11 hours.Mwr is legit even worse (how that is even possible, lel), would not even play it if I got payed."
,Recommended,292730,26639792,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ZombieSOAD,"Think about it, they mainly and put all their effort in the campaign more than multiplayer. lol not gonna lie the campaign was pretty good except the bad performace and stupid wall running...I recommend this game for the campaign, not the multiplayer.Took me about 10 hours to complete the campaign. (without rushing)"
76561198100512718,Recommended,292730,26641008,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,YouMember,"So far I've played everything but the campaign and I am loving it. Haven't played a COD game since black ops 2 but this game has me loving it. The multiplayer is different than the COD games I'm used to and definitly takes a few matches to get the hang of. Once you start to understand the sliding and thrusters it becomes really new, fun, and exciting. Its been getting  a lot of hate lately and I did hate it at first too, but now I'm enjoying it. The unique or special guns out of the supply drops really do not make the multiplayer that unbalanced as far as I've noticed. No problems with hackers either.  The game runs smoothly at just about max settings on my gtx 970, i5 4460, 16gb ram. I have not gotten into the zombies too much yet but it has been really fun. Not as fun as W@W or black ops zombies though. MWR is a great blast to the past and an exact clone of the original only with better graphics. I will have to say that it is not a well optimized port but with some tweaks in the setting you can get it running pretty well. Only complaint is the player base in kinda small but have no problem finding a match. I'm not sure how this title stacks up to the recent CODs but for someone who wants to jump back into the series, this is a great game. I think most people will have lots of fun with this one."
76561198180853566,Recommended,292730,26641198,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Buzzard,"I honestly dont know why all the negative posts. Its not that bad. It could be optimized a little better, but for the most part.... this is the best COD ported pc game theyve made. Havent played campaign. Multiplayer was rough for awhile, but like any COD game, you will get destroyed until you learn spawns and map. Once i hit lvl 30 MP it gets pretty fun. It doesnt have many bugs surprisingly for it only being out a few weeks. I am big Blops 1 zombies fan.... I can easilly say these zombies are even better. You dont have to be try hard entire time not to die, much easier to go to higher rounds. Easier to unlock PAP, weapon kits are OP, fate and fortune cards are pretty much like gobblegum from Blops3. Overall i woulld say MP 8/10. < Coming from xbox one COD veteran. I have stout PC so PC port matters alot... Like i saidd its really not bad at all. You will get sshit on early in MP, but it does grow on you after some time invested. I say give it a go. No other good games out or will be out for awhile.OVERALL- ZOMBIES 10/10-CAMPAIGN ??-MULTIPLAYER 8/10"
76561198170430533,Recommended,292730,26643812,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,blabla,"The campaign is great , one of the best stories in the COD history I will give it 8/10Multiplayer is okay, it is very fun and fast paced.The bad thing is the boosting but I don't mind. Some people say it is too fantasy and too futuristic but I still don't mind.l will give this a 7/10.The zombies from what I have seen, it looks pretty fun but I am not a zombies type of guy and have not played that mode yet but I will play it........if I have time lol.i will give this a 7/10. I know people will say I'm stupid because zombies is better than multiplayer but I I'm not a zombies type of guy so I gave it a 7/10.Overall the same is grat I am also loving the nuke's return.but this is my opinion so don't judge...pls"
76561198218495485,Recommended,292730,26703976,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FurryC,Excelent zombies map... like I said map not plural. I can't wait till the zombies DLC comes out for Call of Duty Inifnite Warfare.
,Recommended,292730,26738223,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GrimTech,"Campaign was a ton of fun I loved the use of custom classes so I can use any guns I found, and Specialist mode is a quite something, many moments of rage but still a ton of fun... I only feel that the zombies mode was quite the theme change but I am hoping to see more variety with new maps."
76561198023701528,Recommended,292730,26742137,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Benefit,"This is one of the first games I have bought when it was released, mainly as a result of getting a new pc and wanted to test out a new title. Had loads of fun playing it and pretty impressed with the game in general. A great addition to playing was using the HTC Vive just as a monitor. Was epic. :D"
,Recommended,292730,26463784,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,℟òǥůε,"This game is seriously unbalanced... snipers have no chance, anyone who decides to be a noob and use a shotgun becomes a god, campers live forever since ttk is so low you dont stand a chance its all just rush-shoot-die-repeatthings i hope changeTTKshotguns nerfedsnipers buffedxp and keys quickerapart from that the game is fine."
76561198202177471,Recommended,292730,26566783,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LuciferCreed,Nice Call of duty...the series...is going space....much more further in future !9/10 ! :D GooD
76561198247394650,Recommended,292730,26449614,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,fernalga,Ok ill be 100% honest when i saw how the game looked i gto cancer and died then i told myself dont give up yet cod can still make it so i bought it and ill be honest i liked it its fun its not the best but it will last me a year till the next cod adn zombies i enjoy a lot its diffrent and its ok and if u r afraid u wont like it remmeber u can refund it so stop being a ♥♥♥♥♥ and try it!!...
,Recommended,292730,26458954,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Personal Jebus,"I wish that Steam reviews had a third maybe button for this kind of situation.The campaign is brilliant, probably the best CoD campaign since MW2 but the multiplayer is a by-the-numbers affair that's probably only going to keep you interested in the long term if you're really into multiplayer CoD and don't mind paying for more of the same.The Modern Warfare Remaster is a work of art and is definitely worth paying the little extra for, even if you played it the first time around. Thankfully the multiplayer on that game is as good as it ever was too so you don't really have to bother with the Infinite Warfare multiplayer if you don't want to."
76561198018388232,Recommended,292730,26461446,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,lllLegion,"*IF YOU THINK YOUR EDGY AND COOL, AND ARE ON THE HATETRAIN DONT BOTHER READING*PERFORMANCE: getting a solid 50-40 fps with high textures, AA maxed out (other settings mixed) on my laptop with an 860m. very well optimized.GRAPHICS: Not the best, but at times suprisingly good with top notch facial animations.SINGLEPLAYER: The first few missions are great, love the space theme. think of mass effect+ COD; You have a solar system map and you choose where to go for your next (main mission or side missions). There are also full control space dogfights and zero G shooting areas. it may not work for everyone, but I like it and the story is solid so far. I will update review once I finish the campaign.MULTIPLAYER: Meh. its solid, nothing groundbreaking.Buy this for the campaign,  battlefield for the mutlplayer."
76561198261124932,Recommended,292730,26533054,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Stxp,A very enjoyable game however pretty disapointed that the game has been released for a grand total of a week and there are a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥s hacking.pish anti cheat infinity ward need to step up.apart from that game is great and i like reking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,292730,26565147,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CORAL,"RIP COD?Yes, it’s set in the future.No, it’s not the same as all the other ones.Yes, there are big spaceships and lasers! Sounds good right?! Let’s find out.Single PlayerI've been waiting for a pure space call of duty for many years, having to trudge through all the other ones to get to this point. The idea of a Call of Duty in space with zero gravity, Massive Space Battles & super epic space lasers that are all like *pew pew peeeew kablam* As a fan of old Space games like Freespace 2 I was looking to relive that experience that game gave me many years ago when I was first getting into PC Gaming. Did it? In part yes but not really. While a good amount of the game is spent in space it is designed rather cheaply for space battles. The formula for space combat can be broken down to (Grunts, you can lock onto them but free firing or shoot a missile at them works well enough, Aces are harder and will pop flares if you fire missiles so just lock on and use the machine gun. When you lock on it follows the ship and only breaks off if they go too far off your screen. To blow up Ships just shoot at everything till it explodes or shoot the engines at the back out. Pretty simple and linear but I guess the space battles were not the primary focus of the title so I'll give that a miss...As for the Storyline itself the game starts off with a pretty good premise. You’re Earth and there’s This other guy called Mars and one day Mars are all like ""Earth sucks! Mars Rulez"" and earth is like ""Hey, that’s not very nice"" and then Mars calls Earth a poopy pants and they are no longer be friends.Then John Snow is mad and I think Conor Mcgregor is in there somewhere.Then you go into space and proceed to Blow up entire space ships killing probably like 1000's of people just trying to do their job or whatever but who cares right? They’re all bad guys! Right? ....Then you’re all like ""Hey we need to destroy that tower thing there but you’re going to need to fly directly into it and explode ok? Great, Thanks! Wait... did he eject beforehand? Oh well whatever. Now Before I forget we need to blow up this massive ship to protect Earth ""but that’s a suicide mission captain!"" I DON'T CARE THAT’S AN ORDER! GO SACRIFCE YOURSELF GODDAMMIT..... Wait.... I'm lost, who are the bad guys meant to be again? Because I'm pretty sure that’s what terrorists do or something... Well, whatever that doesn't really matter because the campaign is actually pretty fun though very generic and straight forward, there is no twists, no revelations, just 2 sides, neither really seem to be able to claim who can be deemed the ""good side"" and can be summed up by watching someone take candy from a baby.MultiplayerAchievement ""Dominion"" Win 5 Online Matches is bugged.... RIP 100% achievement dreamMultiplayer is pretty much the same as Black Ops 3 in terms of play style but I'm so over all this jetpacking, wall running & endless sprint. I'm just not that interested in it this time around like most people. There is even some kind of ability that allows you to boost sideways or downwards which is super annoying and most of the maps seem to be pretty tight so shotguns are just broken. There isen't very many people playing at all anymore and the first time I use a shotgun I go 32-4. Not very fun to play with or play against.There are some interesting elements this time around though when it comes to crates and ""salvage"" that you get from playing. You can use it to unlock variants of weapons that have extra abilities and stat improvements. Interesting for those who like RPG elements and improving on your existing weapons but not enough to keep me playing.If all this wasen't bad enough the PC community is dead only a few months after release, It searches for matches only in your area and won't extend the range to other areas of the world it looks. It doesn't even tell you how many people are playing each game mode like Black Ops 3 did so you just have to try to find people when well there are none now. The only game modes I could find ANY players for were TDM and HC TDM... Couldn't find anything in Domination, Gun Game or anything else.ZombiesI have yet to play Zombies5.5/10- Looking forward to this years WWII COD!"
76561198022488842,Recommended,292730,26588863,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Athrun_Arron,"Let me start off by saying: I'm not a Call of Duty fan. I don't buy a game for multiplayer, I don't buy a game to ""own"" others. I decide to buy a game based on: story and gameplay.I'm a huge fan of science fiction. TV shows like Babylon 5, Battle Star Galactica remake, etc, have always ignited my imagination of storytelling and hope that we'd recieve some game that would allow me to dive into the action like those shows actors do.Oddly enough, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare allowed me to do just that.The story I found really well done - not amazing, but good for a Call of Duty title. The NPC cast I felt attached to, the UNSA Retribution truly felt like my command, and the setting, history, and enviroment that the story portrayed was really well presented. Here I was, a Captain on the losing side of a war, with a crew and worn-out warship depending on me to bring victory.And boy what a ride it was.I have a few issues, however. Story length is very short, but respectable for an FPS - I clocked in over 15 hours playing on ""Hardened"" mode and doing all side missions, though I can see that time being slashed in half if you blast through it on Easy (Recruit mode). Also, the flying side of the game I felt was amazing, but was always cut short. Though I suppose this being a Call of Duty game, it had to have the core focus on ""boots on the ground.""Overall, if you want an FPS in which the story takes centre stage, the settings and characters are great, I highly recommend this game.Thanks for reading."
76561198142551831,Recommended,292730,26688233,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,LordFalcon,if i allraedy have COD IW  but if i want MWR i need to buy the game one more time... why?
,Not Recommended,292730,27477044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Broccoli,To be honest this game doesnt feel like call of duty at all.
,Recommended,292730,27758700,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krondon,"I didn't expect this years Call of Duty to be better than last years BO3 that was filled with bug on PC. I was wrong. Infinite Warfare is actually a good game. It has less flying than BO3 but still contains it, you can understand the story and makes you want to fight the enemy. Multiplayer is a mix between MW3 and BO3 which is really good.  CoD being Sci-Fi isn't that bad as people make it out to be."
,Recommended,292730,27186393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pepper,"When I started playing I was really thinking about where the ♥♥♥♥ I landed. But after playing some hours i really started to like the game. Overall t think that they did a good job. Some of the maps are a bit too futuristic. But it can do it. Good job again, Activision."
,Recommended,292730,27849873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hypercaine,"Great story line to the game, Made me want more all the way through.Well worth playing just for the story alone"
76561198118856108,Not Recommended,292730,27872211,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bot (Unfair),"played and love it but in the end where reyes landed on mars, i walked a little and then crashed with the error ""vehicle is using a transient model veh_mil_ca_olympus_mons_rig but that transient is not loaded. What the heck is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ someone tells me how to fix it pls."
,Recommended,292730,28121250,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Grif,"The breeze of fresh air the COD brand needed! Awesome gameplay, including lots of dogfighting, side missions, a real proactive and talkative protagonist, battles on a local and epic scale, gorgeous environments... This is the beginning of a new glorious era for COD."
76561198118496636,Recommended,292730,28173633,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jam Spudling,"So Call of Duty recieves flak for so much. Often its lack of inovation or doing anything new. Then when they do they get flak for not being like Call of Duty. reviews either say ""f you like CoD youll probably like it"". This time it really felt like they had put in a ton of effort to break the mold.Ill start with the bad. It doesnt get on well with AVG and I had to mess around adding it to the exceptions list before it would even function.Right bad stuff over on to the cool.Graphics are stunning. characters look like their actors and scenery is awesome running on an I5 4690K and RX480 8gb ram.Story was gripping to me and had me till the end.Gameplay for me was the best bit. Kept the standard CoD frame work then added loads to it. Flight sections, multi funtions on the weapons, the ability to hack enemies (I know BO3 had it but that one sucked so I dont care).And as an added bonus the sound track was really cool.No idea YET about the multiplayer or zombies. ill look at them later but I rarely give either mode a look in on any CoD game so not bothered.Check it out. It really is worth it."
76561198109260596,Not Recommended,292730,28207225,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LAMB SAUCE,this has go to be the biggest waste of money going. i only purchased it for MWR and the online capabilities just arent there. theyre shocking i havent been able to play a single game of miltiplayer as of yet an the campaign to IW is too easy even on veteran. havent been able to try zombies either yet as IW wont allow me online either. Stick to Battlefield 1.
76561198217541203,Recommended,292730,27850961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZOMBIES!!!,.
76561197986996105,Recommended,292730,27792185,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Praise the sun,"Playing this as a single player game only. IT WAS AMAZING. Easily the best call of duty singleplay I have played with the combined feeling of Halo, Mass Effect, and Battlefield 2142 all with Call of Duties solid gameplay. While I have a few complaints on the finner points of the plot my only real complaint was that it felt far too short for the kind of rpg systems they put in place around the missions. I got the game on sale, and with that in mind I have no regrets for buying the game for the single player."
76561198053612082,Recommended,292730,27885228,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,michiel_renier,8/10 for Single Player.I really love the Single Player campaign... even reminds me of those great campaigns of Wing Commander III/ IV back in the old days...I presume much of the bad reviews have to do with the multiplayer... I don't play multiplayer so I can't judge that.
,Recommended,292730,27961500,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BobbyBigBalls,"Yes, it's not the Call of Duty we grew up with. But that doesn't make it a bad game. It has an engaging story, interesting game mechanics and I think it pulls off the futuristic sci-fi kind of vibe.I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, but for those who like fps games and sci-fi games then it isn't a bad choice.7/10"
,Recommended,292730,28152914,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,lingling the chingling,the game kept showing pink and never stopped something went wrong with the download help me please?
18372948209392939,Recommended,292730,28171216,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,she vi eba mamata,"So,i don't understand this world sometimes.I have played every single COD game(except AW) and i can say,that this game doesn't deserve the hate it gets.Listen up,guys.This game is the best COD new era game.(I mean the best sci-fi exo jump COD game).The Infinity Ward team has put a lot of effort into this and i respect that.I won't be part of the hate majority.I will tell you my reasons why i think that IW is even better than BO3.Disclaimer:If you have already played BO3 and AW both,you won't enjoy this game as much as i enjoy it.But now listen up.I have played BO3 but only for like 2-3 hours and i can say that this game easily beats it.If you are like me,who has almost no knowledge in exo suits,you will enjoy this game.Now it's time for the real review:Singleplayer:This will probably be my longest review on Steam,just because i want to put end to this injustice.This game is amazing.No,really it is.I will start with the best thing about this game.The story.Absolutely fantastic.I can't even describe how i feel.As i said,i have played almost all COD campaigns(this includes all the ww2 COD games,Ghosts,BO2 and the MW games).This game comes just after my favourite MW franchise.I won't spoil the story,but i will only say that you just MUST complete it,as well as consider completing the side missions,because they aren't what you probably think they are. All of them are completely different and don't get boring.That's the awesome thing about this game.COD:IW also feels very lively.The game has a bit of freeroam opportunities around the ship and it is very cool to see the that Infinity Ward are adding this small details to make the game feel more realistic.I like the fact,that the game is made like a movie.Your character has  a very cool personality(unlike the mw series for example,where some of the playable characters have no history behind them).The cutscenes are also really cool.I really enjoy watching them.I also feel attached to some of the characters,thanks to their positive personality.The voice acting is very good as well.I can say many other positive things about the campaign,but i will leave the rest for the reader of this review to discover.Multiplayer:Well,it's good.The gameplay is cool.The killstreaks are reskins like in every other COD game,so i can't say anything special about them.The cool thing i noticed were the maps.They are astonishing.I really like playing on them.The weapons are really cool actually.I thought they were gonna look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but some of them are really beatiful looking(im talking about the NV4 here).The first thing the player will notice when creating his class in multiplayer will be that the weapons are look like a futuristic version of old COD games.Some of the weapons aren't even changed.They look exactly the same(for example the ump-45 or the so called mactac-45 in IW).The game isn't p2w imo.Yeah,getting an epic weapon from supply drops has it's advantages,but it can be countered if you are a skillful player.I still don't like the supply drop system.I forgot the mention the return of the nuke.Sadly,i haven't witnessed someone getting it,because it is even harder to get than before.Zombies:I haven't played and can't say anything.I will say only that i'm a big fan of the 80s (Hotline Miami is one of my favourite games and i really like movies like Kung Fury,Terminator,Drive).Why am i saying that?Well,i have watched some gameplay of the zombies and it seems like they are set in a theme park in an alternative 80s universe.So yeah,maybe the gamemode is cool.I will update my review as soon as (or if) I start playing them.Final Verdict:8/10 (the review is only for IW,even though i like MWR more,i will update my review to include my opinion on the remaster as soon as the developers fix the stuttering problems)"
,Recommended,292730,27270163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,haemoglobin,I've been a keen player of COD and this is an amazing addition to the franchise. The campain is great and the fact that it comes with zombies is even better. the multiplayer is also good however i am suufering from some mouse lag which i know is a common problem. Overall this game however was a great success and is a lot of fun.
76561198259864739,Recommended,292730,27345004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,riotxbelief,I feel that this COD has been one of my favorites excluding multiplayer the multiplayer could use some revision or so I believe I have run into many cheaters and makes the game less fun but on the other hand the campaign and zombies modes have been some of the best I have seen in a while I have already sunk 50 hours into the zombies mode alone I find the mode to be a new twist on treyarch zombies and I like where the zombies is headed. and the campaign has to be the best campaign to date I actually loved the compat mechanics and the story is quite plausible. overall the game is quite good
,Recommended,292730,27016403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RayGamingFPS,I think this game is great I enjoy playing with mp and really enjoy zombies.MP: 7/10Zombie: 9/10I runs great on my 1060 just hate the fps lock.
76561198058723791,Recommended,292730,27017448,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,igotsdmunchies,zombies is done great. mp is fast pasted servers need tuning hackers need to be kicked. you can feel activision corprate hand unfornately with some of the things missing like leaderboard emblem creator lack of anti cheat. the single player is enjoyable
76561197988535705,Recommended,292730,27051794,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OneManClan84,"This game is starting to grow on me, like a brain eating amoeba."
76561198119604611,Not Recommended,292730,28105135,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mitchener58,Won't run at all on my pc
76561198364869239,Not Recommended,292730,30236127,Posted: 28 February,all,rob69flannery,I got this game hoping to play it and it will load up but if i play the campain it will play the cutscene but it wont load past a certin point then it shuts off and if i go for the main menu to zombies then go back to the main menu it freezes then shuts off i really what to play the game so i hope they can fix this bug.
,Not Recommended,292730,28445502,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,IsaacParks67,No one plays it anymore
76561198254694080,Not Recommended,292730,29955520,Posted: 15 February,all,Muffin,"u need a pretty good computor and video card to run this game.  the  zombies suck on it so far.....INFINITE multiplayers guns go ""pew pew"" feels more like star wars than call of duty.  the remastered is pretty good, graphics and gameplay is nice. (remastered,i liked it but soo far theres nooo co-op on it like its suposed to. lack of attachments on all weapons, u get 1 or 2 different scopes on rematered. needs to add a lot of stuff before i would call it a release. the game is more like a beta.) dont buy this unless u really want to, battlefield is much better than this copy of star wars. spend your money on something more usefull..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30194422,Posted: 26 February,all,Lunatic_Goat,wtf
76561198113381729,Recommended,292730,30340078,Posted: 5 March,all,Kaiser Willhelm II,"Although I have not played it much i do know that the multiplayer and campaign are HORRID, that being said I do quite enjoy the zombies or 'bonus gamemode'.  Like most recent Call of Duty's it the reason I play, if you have the money and you enjoy zombies I'd say buy it, its worth the experience but it gets old FAST.  I'm yet to play the DLC's but hopefully its a different story.If you have the extra money and wanna try some new zombies buy it.Those are the only circumstances in which you should buy the game."
76561198347852275,Not Recommended,292730,30229927,Posted: 27 February,all,KamKam,"Dear Activision/Infinty WardYou are a disgrace. You are the worst. I hate you with a passion. I will try my best to make other people hate you too.Call of Duty: Inifnite Warfare is a failed project. It should have been cancled, deleted and its files recycled in the recycle bin. The game is absolutely horrible. 75% of the game's lackluster content is locked as the game must be purchased. ""You can have a free weekend, but only play our terrible, laggy and boring matchmaking which has been the exact same since ghosts, Except now the maps are even more complicated, you play as robots and not humans, and you shoot lazers, not bullets. Which is of course an overall failure and no improvement has been done since this studio's previous game.My experience :I spawn, I get blown up by an explosion (I don't know the source of the explosion).I spawn, I get spawn killed by an enemy. (I don't know where the enemy was or where I was myself)I spawn, I get sucked in by a red/purple ball of dark light (I think it was a granade)I spawn, I wonder around an unoriginal boring map to find an enemy which I manage to kill. I am then quickly found and murdered by an enemy while reloading my gun which I do not remember the name of as the guns all look the same and have a forgetable and stupid name.I spawn, I get blown up by an explosion (This time I know it's a spaceship)I leave game.0/10 - Would rather die."
,Not Recommended,292730,29619937,Posted: 31 January,all,whomst,"Got bored after 3 days. Zombies is ok, campaign was boring, multiplayer is literally just bo3. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,30324520,Posted: 4 March,all,TheRocki,Trash.
,Not Recommended,292730,30785164,Posted: 27 March,all,Redrooster19,"i dont know what is wrong with this game it just freezes everytime i go to play it, i can not get past the main menue, its really frustrating"
76561198088935491,Not Recommended,292730,30156623,Posted: 24 February,all,Shira the Cat,Game crashes everytime I join a match. Queue wait times are horrible. Terrible game.
,Not Recommended,292730,33120220,Posted: 2 July,all,stew,Literally a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. The only reason I bought it was to get Cod4 Remastered.
76561197994543895,Recommended,292730,26431926,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Korolev,"Campaign - surprisingly well done. Not the overarching story - that's still just nonsense (Evil Spacemen come to do evil things because EVIL!) - but the characters written around the main plot, the dialogue and the missions themselves are well done. This is the first COD game in a while in which I cared even a little about the characters. It's a little lengthier than previous campaigns as well - roughly 6~7 hours if you do everything. That's about 1 or 2 hours more than usual, which is nice.Multiplayer - not having a great time so far. Seems a little.... dead on the PC? Having trouble finding matches. And sometimes the matches I do get into have this awful stutter going on - it doesn't happen every time, but it happens enough to make some matches borderline unplayable. And it has the problem that many FPS games have these days - your'e going up against 20-something college students with way too much time on their hands who have played COD for a bajillion years and if you're a 30 year old working stiff like me, you're not going to have a good time on the PC. The same damn thing happened with Battlefield as well. Maps also seem a little smallish.It's alright - in fact, it's good. This game feels like the first time Infinity ward actually put a lot of effort into it. Shame this also happened to be the game that almost EVERYBODY (including myself) wrote off well before it even came out (in part due to the ridiculous name).If you like the call of duty campaigns, then go for this one. It's not bad. If you play solely for multiplayer, I'd advise you wait a little - seems there's some technical jank going on which may take a few days to resolve."
,Recommended,292730,26431952,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Coppershine,"If you ever just wanted to feel like a complete and total bad♥♥♥♥♥I would buy this game just for the campaign. All the sh*t people are giving this game due to multiplayer is understandable but you can't give a bad review till you played the campaign. I hear a lot of issues about performance on multiplayer, but singleplayer campaign runs as smooth as butter and looks very pretty. In conclusion, the singleplayer is enjoyable enough to pay 60$."
76561198295450244,Recommended,292730,26559123,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ninja-SMG,"I am leaving this reveiw here in order for people to know the truth about the ""Real Infinite Warfare experience,""At the time of this review, textures can become very blurry and undetalied in singleplayer quite often, even if the settings are maxed, and at certain points in the game, entire walls, floors, and furniture will be missing entirely due to improper loading,  hopefully there will be a patch soon that will adress these issue,and apart from a few balance issues with multiplayer matchmaking and weapon balancing, my overall experience was quite enjoyable,Indeed the singleplayer was masterfully crafted with ONLY the ending and textures being a downpoint, and even though I didn't really like the ending, I am neither opposed to it,Zombies mode can be a tad confusing at times due to lack of any sort of tutorial or guide, but exceptionally fun and oh so ""80's.""Multiplayer can be a tad frustrating at times, especially with the large level cap to unlock certain perks, rigs, and guns,  but otherwise was a solid, enjoyable experience to me,Overall, I very much enjoyed this game, and I encorage people to ignore all the hate that this game has gotten,strap on your armor plated spacesuits,  and just go have some fun ."
,Recommended,292730,26526162,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,qnotu,"First review I have written for a game but all the negativity surrounding the game has prompted me to actually say something.It is a shame this game has gotten such bad press and therefore a bad rep. Admittedly the trailer was crap but don't judge a book by its cover etc...Great multi that is balanced and fun and the movement system is smooth allowing for fast flowing gameplay. Much more refined movement that BO3. There is a lot to unlock that requires a pleasent grind (unlike BO3 where you were basically handed keys and drops just for having the game - N.B: I loved BO3 too)The zombies is as fun as ever but with a different enough feel to make it feel fresh - the ZIS map is ace, open in some areas and tight in others allowing for traditional training as well as poo yourself / heart in mouth moments where mistakes cannot be made. That said, to my mind it will never match up to Trearch zombies series but I am looking forwards to seeing where they take the zombies story and different settings with DLC's throughout the year.The campaign was the best I have played for a while and longer than expected. However there were certain parts where I had no idea what I was doing other than shooting anything that moves. But then.... it's COD.I am sure blood was smelled and the launch of both Titanfall 2 and the BF1 was strategic, well planned and has swallowed some of the playerbase and rightly so, they are both great games - but so is this. Definitely recommend IW for a fast paced, arena style FPS.Only complaints so far are slightly op lag comp and matchmaking is a little off. But I am sure this will get better over time.Hit detection is spot on and the variety of guns allows for many different styles of play.Not played enough MWR to comment.Definitely recommend. 9/10 so far.I sunk a lot of hours on BO3 (PC) and other COD titles in the past on xbox and this is by far one of the better ones I have played!Game runs smooth as butter and no graphical issues on my rig!Intel Core i5 4690K @ 3.50GHzGTX1070I do feel for the few peeps that are having issues with matchmaking etc - but I have no problem finding games in MP or Zombies."
,Recommended,292730,35249265,Posted: 27 September,all,l1lbrazz,"zombies, yeah anything else nah..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30128369,Posted: 23 February,all,Jack,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,30130480,Posted: 23 February,all,Krumby,Multiplayer is aids but the zombies are fairly entertaining.
76561198176903954,Recommended,292730,33918512,Posted: 30 July,all,joeypizz,"This game is far better than I had expected. I was not a fan of Advanced Warfare when it was released a couple of years ago and my biggest complaint was all the jumping and jet-packing around. I figured Infinite Warfare would be the same, but to my surprise, it's much better. The controls seem to be improved and the all the jumping around doesn't seem all that annoying. It actually fits this game better than it did with Advanced Warfare in my opinion. I like the Quartermaster idea, too.  Overall, this game has me hooked and I can appreciate all the bonus content that you can earn throughout your battles."
,Not Recommended,292730,30537599,Posted: 16 March,all,🅱Big Smoke | hellcase.com,Very bad game. The supply drops are broken and ruin the game and the exosuits make it riddiculous. There are also many glitches and few people playing on pc.
,Not Recommended,292730,30164792,Posted: 25 February,all,Hades,complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013328799,Not Recommended,292730,28161047,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,GH0STF0X,"Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different name. Maybe next CoD will be called, Recycled warfare."
,Recommended,292730,30623666,Posted: 19 March,all,Pheadrus,Strong and attractive story but short single game mod. I liked the space wars.
,Recommended,292730,30032901,Posted: 19 February,all,sonyguy,Campaign and zombies are great.Multiplayer is bad.
76561198162577651,Recommended,292730,26432218,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jrrr,VERY GOOD....BETTER THEN ADVANCED WAR...GRAPIC LOOK PRETTY GOOD ..JUST A BIT LAG SOMETIMES. BUT ITS OK.  MOST TIME 60FPS...NICE BOOM BOOM BOOM...JUST FINISH CHAPTER 2... SOLO GAME STILL HIGH QUIALTY I THOUGHT... NOT BAD AT THIS TIME.I HAVENT PLAY MP. SO I DUNNO..RECOMMEND IT.BETTER THAN COD.MW. REMASTERD. (SRSLY. 100%)
,Recommended,292730,29687493,Posted: 4 February,all,Marley4774,cool!!!!!!!!!!
76561198073866485,Recommended,292730,29831068,Posted: 10 February,all,♥MimikOski Emerald.gg,"ou would think its bad but noo...really fast,easy and fun game.Its worth the money and i would recommend it to any of my friends. :)"
76561198310522456,Recommended,292730,29835069,Posted: 10 February,all,GiantBeanFart9,"I've never experienced any freezes or anything like that so for the people complaining about that, it may be your hardware who knows. You can't expect every call of duty game to be the same, this game is no different. If you don't go into the game expecting it to be like years in the past, then the game is actually pretty fun. Jump shotters get annoying at times but this is my first computer FPS other than CS. Good game in my opinion, only thing I would add is more zombie maps/games. Even with the DLC PC gamers wait way longer for them to come out which is BS but contracts and♥♥♥♥♥♥ money is more important than pleasing the people. Not a lot of hackers but you will run into a few from time to time.First review, it's scatter brained yes I know. ♥♥♥♥ you if you critique that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198162775133,Recommended,292730,30599870,Posted: 18 March,all,็,Only bad thing is the♥♥♥♥♥♥snipers
76561198199245763,Not Recommended,292730,32916925,Posted: 28 June,all,illigalCoicane,I played this game for quite some time and I don't recommend this game because obvious reasons.
,Recommended,292730,30166854,Posted: 25 February,all,spartan8ter,"Don't get me wrong, this game's terrible. But hey. I'll be honest.Campaign's probably the best out of the terribly♥♥♥♥♥♥out Ghost, AW and BO3, in fact, I enjoyed it more than I'm supposed to if not better than most CoD title campaigns. The story, ironically, is more ""grounded"" than those who wished this game to be. Out of the 9 hours playing it, it was alright. Pilotting your Jackal can be quite annoying, however, but hey, it's like an AC game: It doesn't matter if you like the secondary feature, the rest of the game is fine.You might be wondering why I'm recommending this. Simple. At the time this review was made, the game was 50% off. As any other sensible person who still values a piece of art no matter how grotesquely massacred its horse is, it's worth this game's campaign and the rest of Remastered (which I thoroughly enjoyed). 25 and 25.Campaign's alright, zombie's alright, Remastered's alright, Multiplayer isn't as always."
76561197972413920,Recommended,292730,28678239,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Frosty21,"SP is funMP is lameVerdict: Get on sale, like I did!"
76561198324205200,Recommended,292730,30266498,Posted: 1 March,all,IamManchurian,"its a good game, try to keep up!"
76561198160671803,Recommended,292730,26419466,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,T6H6H6,IF YOUR A SCI FI FAN THIS GAMES SINGLE PLAYER IS AWSOME THERE HAS BEEN A BIG ONLINE HATE THING GOING ON YOU TUBE FOR THIS GAME WELL THIS GAME RULES ITS AMAZEING AND GEUSS WHAT THIS GAME WORKS FINE RUNS AWSOME IM PLAYING ON A R O G LAPTOP WITH A 980M 4 GIG I CAN ALMOST MAX OUT THE GAME REPEAT GAME WORKS FINE THERE IS NOTHING AT ALL WRONG WITH THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE STUDDERS TURN V SINC OFF IN GAME THEN TURN ON V SINC IN THE NIVIDA CONTROL PANEL AND BAM SMOOTH AS SILK IM HAVE G SINC AS WELL  THERE IS NO WAY A 1080 CANT PLAY THIS GAME IF I AM PLAYING ON A 980M I ONLY PLAY SINGLE PLAYER COD THOE I HATE ONLINE IT MAKES ME MAD BECAUSE I DIE BECAUSE I WORK ALL THE TIME IN WORK CAMPS IN THE OIL SANDS OF HELL BEST COD GAME I HAVE PLAYED SINCE BLACK OP 1 AND I REALLY LOVED GHOST AS WELL THIS ONE DESTROYS BF 1 SINGLE PLAYER AND KILLS BLACK OPS 3 WITCH HAD A CRAP SINGLE PLAYER STORY
76561197993241097,Not Recommended,292730,28918056,Posted: 1 January,all,shanedugg,Biggest gaming disappointment of 2016 - lousy campaign with idiotic robot enemies and a boring story.... this is the last time I buy Call of Duty day one... I'm deleting it from my hard drive.. I'm better served with the free drive space than keeping this lousy game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30208784,Posted: 26 February,all,oat,The game is packed full of bugs. Not sure how they expect to get $60 for this... Some game modes = dead (because there are no players to complete match making.)gg. not gonna buy this one - maybe when its on special for $5...
76561198055560318,Not Recommended,292730,33294728,Posted: 5 July,all,Hal Valster,"Boring, overused story type nothing new and really boring futuristic style of the past few call of duty games making it unoriginal."
76561198280368024,Recommended,292730,33430402,Posted: 10 July,all,apeepsmith,"its good, it crashed on my pc when it started but i got it on xbox and i like it."
76561198354815939,Not Recommended,292730,30187564,Posted: 25 February,all,Grove Street Gangster,It okJK this is just bo3 but worst
76561198147611322,Not Recommended,292730,28996775,Posted: 3 January,all,NeoNeptune,Im getting 500 ping for no reason
,Not Recommended,292730,30198614,Posted: 26 February,all,Sandy Beach Towel,"Very bad, game keeps crashing and I can't even move my mouse around in the start menu without the game lagging/crashing out.If you are considering to buy this game AVOID IT unless you have nasa's computer."
76561198085834008,Recommended,292730,26428255,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Douglas-042,"Ignore those haters, game is great. Single player is fantastic but multiplayer is decent."
76561198120132473,Recommended,292730,28733099,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Papa,"I can see how some people may not enjoy this game. However, I am a huge fan. I was previously a huge advocate of Black Ops III and Infinite Warfare greatly reminds me of that game. The campaign is very intriguing and exciting. Multiplayer would be fun if more people were on it, but there aren't any huge problems with it. It consists of more obvious challenges to complete and leaves you with something to play constantly. Zombies is wonderful. For infinity ward's first attempt at a zombies mode I personally believe they nailed it. Very reminisant of BO3 zombies, but still very fun. Overall I believe this game is well worth it. There aren't many, if any, problems with it. Love the game!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30198518,Posted: 26 February,all,Tmac/ bán value bet 15,"spent alot of time to download this game, then it crashed everytime finding match.nice gift Ubisoft"
,Recommended,292730,28914397,Posted: 1 January,all,Rape* is GREAT!!!,"I already finish all the missions, and I also visited the mulitiplayer, zombie mode. it was very nice, and the campagin was good. But there was one things this game is got some bugs."
76561198261462949,Recommended,292730,29020858,Posted: 4 January,all,Little Rocket Man,I have infinite warfare (not mwr) but i wanna buy MWR but it cost $109.99 can i just buy MWR ?
,Not Recommended,292730,28674407,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Toon,!!!WARNING!!! DONT BUY THIS GAME!!! It doesnt even work you wont be able to play zombies with your friends....Modern Warfare Remastered: Good luck loading into a game. Plus there are tons of cheaters!
,Not Recommended,292730,30175678,Posted: 25 February,all,Laurie,Well i must say this game mutilated my♥♥♥♥♥♥ It stripped me of my name as it was too long.RIP MCORN
,Recommended,292730,29172338,Posted: 10 January,all,Spac3chr1st,"It's fun even if it's not as good as the earlier warfare series.This gmae is kind of a mix between Unreal, TF2 and Call of Duty."
,Recommended,292730,31882711,Posted: 21 May,all,Tombstone,Campaign good online a bit DEAD for ASIA Zombies fun but still dead same as multiplay (ASIA ONLY) but FUN
76561198175691901,Not Recommended,292730,31904636,Posted: 22 May,all,Adam,Very boring game to be honest taught it was going to be good but its completely crap i would rather black ops 3 over it
,Not Recommended,292730,29640774,Posted: 1 February,all,Appr3h3nd3r,space battles do nothing for me.
,Not Recommended,292730,31531786,Posted: 3 May,all,IkelU,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Campain suck asf and multiplayer is just unplayable, I mean, the zombie's pretty good though but not worth 80$ at all to play a good zombie game."
,Recommended,292730,26431377,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Positive Gamer,"Great Call of Duty game.Ill do a brief breakdown of the three game modes.Multiplayer is still a twitch shooting gallery with seemingly no skill.Zombies is a lot of fun as usual. But this time around it has an 80's style with the first map. Definitely unique to the series as far as a theme goes.Lastly, the campaign. The sole reason I stilll buy Call of Duty. And I must say, that this is one of the best Call of Duty campaigns I have played in a while.  Worth the price of admission on its own."
76561198332157312,Recommended,292730,28923689,Posted: 1 January,all,velesthau,Nice CoD.
,Not Recommended,292730,30172487,Posted: 25 February,all,AleterixT,just........horrible
,Not Recommended,292730,30241499,Posted: 28 February,all,Napoleon Solo,Could not join games and everytime I tried to make changes to the graphics it chrashed.
76561198049258547,Recommended,292730,29901547,Posted: 13 February,all,godcheeseburger,"I think everyone judged the game and said it was terrible before it even came out, and then continued saying it was bad even if they never played it. Do I think it's the best COD game ever? No. Do I think it's bad? No. I thought the campaign was extremely good, one of the best campaigns I've played our of any game, easily could've been a super good Sci fi movie. Multiplayer is multiplayer to me, it's good and fun but nothing special. I got this game mostly for the zombies mode, which I think is extremely fun. It doesn't compare to Treyarch, but it's a different type of zombies than treyarch so you can't compare it. I think Infinity Ward did a good job with it, a nice filler before the next Treyarch title comes out. Overall, I think IW is a fun game and should be given a chance with an open mind."
,Recommended,292730,30149115,Posted: 24 February,all,[E63] LtBruh,oh boi free gaemcant conecte to multiplaery tho?ur name 2 long 4 me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)gg no reshort naem now les do dis compsdie 20 times per secondekill someone by mistake several tiemsK:D ratio 0.75GG best gaem evar recomende 4 all u peoples 10/10
,Not Recommended,292730,30195968,Posted: 26 February,all,Microsoft Word,"""Oh cool free weekend for Call of Duty, the only time I play it.""Downloads the game.Lauches it.Enters multiplayer.""Retrieve your daily log in bonus!""Quits the game."
76561198239367840,Not Recommended,292730,32002122,Posted: 27 May,all,Skipper,the ♥♥♥♥ing worst game ive ecer played
76561198207463660,Not Recommended,292730,30195990,Posted: 26 February,all,aNaL_rApE<3,"match begin. loading level.... Nice work guys!!! i would like to try this Sh*t but i cant! i downloaded that 50gb and would like to start the multiplayer part. and its impossible!! :DDDD match begin. loading level... this is the message! about 15 minutes later i'm bored and deleted this♥♥♥♥♥♥See this world guys: PATHETIC!!!!!!!!This game released 2016.november. Now 2017. Febr and u cant fix it???i qoute to a classic: ""You are a most disgusting people, who i ever met with..."""
,Not Recommended,292730,26418006,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,✪ RoBiKaz,Has potential but lack of Anti-Cheat and little to no patches for PC whata arent Console Ports has made the game not live up to its potential unfortunatley.
,Not Recommended,292730,30163608,Posted: 25 February,all,Ephixia,"Don't Check it out!,Its disgusting. Running on ultra it still has that blurry pos look to it."
76561198148049373,Not Recommended,292730,30187239,Posted: 25 February,all,sksms_1,i want morden war not future
,Not Recommended,292730,30187402,Posted: 25 February,all,RanaMan | M,This is a bad game... 75% is locked and the run and gun mutiplayer which is availble isn't really fun at all... I would like my 40 mins back...
76561198184971065,Not Recommended,292730,30483620,Posted: 12 March,all,WizardLizard,good story but its♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30187218,Posted: 25 February,all,Hulluporo,"F*** off with your ""free weekend""... No Zombies-->No  chance im even trying ♥♥♥♥♥es... Oh the stupidy.."
76561198255137638,Not Recommended,292730,29732598,Posted: 5 February,all,Evolved,This might just be the worst game I've ever played
,Recommended,292730,30312380,Posted: 4 March,all,The Penguin Gamer,Dude i need my game back dude for same price i think i know how to fix my problem now please please do not ignore this comments !
,Not Recommended,292730,30174789,Posted: 25 February,all,Dongbear,game wont fookin run with a gtx 950 im triggered af
,Not Recommended,292730,29388484,Posted: 20 January,all,nick,"horrible. idk whats worse, infinite warfare or cod 4. both are horrible. ♥♥♥♥ call of duty. RIP."
,Not Recommended,292730,29735832,Posted: 5 February,all,:))),12 / 10
,Recommended,292730,28928360,Posted: 1 January,all,Dr IllumiNAUGHTY,"Too long, didn't readCall of Duty: Infinite Warfare isOK.  It isn't great, but the bad press from the reveal trailer does it an injustice.  Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered is great, but will you pay nearly £60 for it?Call of Duty: Infinite WarfareIt's okay.  Not great, not even pretty good, just okay.  It's meh.  It's the same Call of Duty game you played last year with a new lick of paint.  We all knew that was the score from the start and has been for years.  It's fun for a couple rounds and I may dip in and out of it, provided the game stays somewhat-populated.  The campaign (from what I've seen so far) has an interesting story, albeit with theBritish Villain threatens good ol' American Democracy & Apple Piecliché.ProsIt's the same Call of Duty essense, just with bloating.It's fun to play a couple quick-fire rounds to kill some time without much thought required.If you like future still, we got plenty of future right here!Cliché American Military guy is annoying but gives newbies an incentive to try new guns.ConsIt's the same Call of Duty essense, just with bloating.Map design leaves much to be desired, with awkward pathing often leading toWTF THAT WAS BSdeaths.FPS is only stable if you have the VRAM to dedicate to caching shaders & the like.If you're bored of future games, you're f*cked.You only have this in your library because you wanted Modern Warfare Remastered.Call of Duty: Modern Warfare RemasteredThis is the game you wanted.  It's really geared towards the console market, where backwards-compatibility isn't a thing and they're unable to playoldie goldieson their current systems.  However, since there's a larger population on Remastered than the original CoD4 (only comparitively, Remasteredrarely breaks 2,000 players) it has appeal for PC players.ProsBack to barebones Call of Duty - what fans wanted but bundled along with a game they didn't want.Clear commitment to an authentic remake of the original game.Graphics are stunning, especially stacked up next to the original CoD4.Nostalgia of spending your Summer grinding out the Red Tiger skin on your favourite guns.ConsSupply drops.  Not unexpected, given the boycott on Infinite Warfare even before release, but annoying to see.New weapon skins.  I was hoping Red Tiger would still be the ultimate camo.  But now we have bright-green AKs and pink Deagles.Game only achieves optimisation if you have a VRAM to dedicate to Shader Cache.Low PC population, but you'll have no trouble finding a TDM game.Had to buy Infinite Warfare to get this."
76561198179658683,Not Recommended,292730,29818397,Posted: 9 February,all,Kma26,It's meh.
,Recommended,292730,26418326,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,the.DREAMER,"No problems with the graphics but, sensitivity is bad, controls are whack, aim is whack, connection is whack. This is a remake of BO3 with whack music. Its full of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,292730,26418433,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,POLAR Weaz2k12,"I can understand why many people are hating on this game, but i'm liking it.It's a pretty fun game.And I have no idea how many people have issue with runnins the game, cause for me it's running smooth."
,Not Recommended,292730,26467640,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Noodlez,Operation Dark Quarry has gamebreaking error. The huge mass of robots in the courtyard will not start their animations so the game cannot proceed through the storyline. Restarted from checkpoint and restart whole mission and even the game did not fix the issue.
,Recommended,292730,26438228,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Doormatt,If you're used to other CODs take time to get used to it this is my first cod and I like it. It's fun and modern warfare remastered is amazing.
,Recommended,292730,26430225,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AK107bis,"The story is a a lot better than ghost in terms of logics, but still building up story by character's deaths is not quite effective this time comparing to soap and ghost's death. MP is fun and more boots on the ground than BO3; booster pack are fairly clumsy and people don't run as fast as they do in BO3.I have a gtx1070 + i5 6500 with windows 10 and have no issues regarding frame rates. Cards and cpus usage are lower comparing to BO3 and no stuttering. I don't understand how can two 980 or other high end cards cannot run this game smoothly. You pick the game, don't let others pick it for you."
76561198034610618,Not Recommended,292730,30255442,Posted: 28 February,all,Jayy,Worst online ever!
76561198067897107,Not Recommended,292730,30066199,Posted: 20 February,all,SimplySticky,im mad that the support for his game is weak
,Not Recommended,292730,30131876,Posted: 23 February,all,FreakNGenius,"kill me, kill me now"
76561198033201760,Recommended,292730,26422468,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Spetz,"very good game , the pc port of iw is very good unlike mwr."
,Not Recommended,292730,29848327,Posted: 11 February,all,KwebbleKnob,"This is the worst game i have ever play, just dont get it"
76561198260168405,Recommended,292730,32032667,Posted: 28 May,all,Broham86,"Not joking, a pretty good game, as many hackers as GTA Online, DLC, And a Season Pass. Best game 2016, kirkus review would reccomend it."
76561198073097208,Recommended,292730,26429791,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Soji,is ok
76561198004312665,Not Recommended,292730,30174765,Posted: 25 February,all,ishouldbeatwork,Terrible.
76561198023157788,Recommended,292730,26437015,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✾ Matsukaze ✾,"""Time to raise the black flag and start cutting some throats""I just love Fleet Week !!!9 Hours out of a campaign ... A really good campaign well worth the $60"
76561198057431123,Not Recommended,292730,30156603,Posted: 24 February,all,FieryPoopz,Very poorly made for a triple A title. Would not play again.
76561198122530169,Recommended,292730,26496192,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,consulting criminal,"Mass Of duty : Ace Warfare Horizonpros :Good storyFun MultiplayerModern Warfare RemasterdCons:graphics are for 2010 (at ultra settings)Freezes in the menu!REAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SERVERS ( I mean wtf , in MWR you can't even see your ping!!!! we Need a Server Browse mode asap)I never had any issue with the game, i have a gtx 980, 16 gig ram , i7 4790k and i get around 120 fps at ultra settings ( idk what these people in the comment section are talking about)The thing is if you played a COD every year, you should Skip this one cuz it's the SAME ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥..but if it's your first time playing a futuristic COD or you want Modern Warfare Remasterd or you enjoy a well written space story ,then i recommend it."
76561198242130058,Recommended,292730,34096772,Posted: 7 August,all,_VOLIX_,my game wont stop crashing on me... wish i could play...
,Recommended,292730,34139235,Posted: 9 August,all,Rowdog,"An incredibly underrated game on Steam. The multiplayer is fun enough, even though it's pretty much dead. The campaign is decent, but definitely not on the levels on World at War, but the Zombies mode is insane. It is easily my favorite Zombies ever. Tons of fun. Worth a buy if your into zombies, but not if you're thinking of getting this for multiplayer."
,Recommended,292730,26426322,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zbig,Prob not as good as BO3 but not bad TBH.Has some cool gadgets and some of the new weaps are interesting and have alternate modes.
,Not Recommended,292730,30172571,Posted: 25 February,all,Mertsch,"First MP game, I run around capturing points, never see an enemy. 2nd round I run around and capture point, I get into 6 enconters (3/3), game is done one dude (Level 54, me 1) has 30 Frags (30/12), I have idea how he got so many in such a short time.Uninstall.Oh and it's really REALLY fun to get a lot of messages saying ""Yout can't play that"" after 50GB download ... super experience."
76561198323335247,Not Recommended,292730,34261465,Posted: 15 August,all,chrispayton22,how do i get a refund for this waste of space game?
76561198187709903,Not Recommended,292730,30172702,Posted: 25 February,all,[xG] Magic,"Very bad, everytime it says Lost connection when I want to play zombies or online."
,Recommended,292730,32827094,Posted: 26 June,all,Debris ت,The zombies is a great change of pace from the usual serious nature of the treyarch games. I'd say its worth it for zombies alone
76561198346406380,Not Recommended,292730,30189477,Posted: 26 February,all,Mr Perfect,Worst game I have ever played. Please just do us a favor and stop making games tell they are realist again.
76561198231615352,Recommended,292730,26421526,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,sambraham12,its accually pritty gooood not multiplayer tho...  story is ok but could be better and mwr is amazing
,Recommended,292730,26466052,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,raiden,"Pretty good, but mwr is bae"
76561198163405952,Recommended,292730,26608970,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,soccerstardom,"The Multiplayer seems to not be able to handle all that is put in the game. It lags during intense gunfire, explosions, and movement. My computer can handle well made games but this one has issues with the movement handling. Please fix."
76561197968747699,Recommended,292730,26553682,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,grahambjose,"Great campaign. I play these games for single player, not multi. Beautifully presented, engaging and exciting."
76561197961212854,Recommended,292730,26627573,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Snookums,"Say what you want about the CoD games, they look stunning everytime....I don't play CoD:MP because the concept in itself is flawed imho, so no recommendations there from me.About the single players campaign i guess the big CoD factory has rolled another one of the lines.What made me make this review is the fact that i'm absolutely thrilled with the MW remaster.Modern Warfare was such a great game at the time and it deserves a spot among the other in my steam list.Now that i have played a few levels again i can;t stop but notice how well it all fit together strung together with borrowed quotes from all your favorite action movies from the last century ^_^i will leave the conclusion of CoD:IW in the middle, but the MW:remaster alone is worth it if you haven't played it yet."
76561198044709568,Recommended,292730,26737355,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The Rainbow Dog,Its a really good game recommended
76561198006708705,Recommended,292730,26873221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Desolator,Good game.
76561198317663825,Recommended,292730,26545706,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,long pepe,"Overall a decent gameMultiplayer maps seem a bit too big and I spend most my time running around the whole map to find people, this game is meant for people who enjoyed black ops 3 because its extremely similar but the exo movements are alot weaker this year which is good if you like boots on ground."
76561198057493340,Recommended,292730,26552867,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,sirsyuri,"Let me start by saying that I did enjoy this game as a whole for what it is. But that being said there are a lot of problems currently with this game, number one... they did a halfway job of optomizing this game for PC. I have a GTX 1080 newest gen processor and 32 gigs of RAM and not one cutscence had loaded without jittering, stoping or just not rendering audio at all. Great right? I know for a fact that it is the software because the game itself plays smooth as butter, unless it is right before a cutscene or right after... go figure. The game is an interesting take on thing and has some great mechanics that I have enjoyed. Most people willl hate me for saying this but I bought this game just to play the campgain, which is great! I just wish I knew what they talked about in te cutscenes... because as I previously mentioned... they did not bother to optimize that part of the game at all. I espeically like how the campgain is no longer linear, wihtout spoiling too much you can pick which missions you want to do when (besides the main missions). All in all this will be an amazing game, once they finally patch the PC verison to whre it should be. Till then I guess I have to watch the cutscenes on youtube... awesome."
,Recommended,292730,26739889,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Oly,"Played Infinite Warfare for a while. It's a good game and has a lot more content compared to the previous CODs. I personally HATE the jumping and futuristic stuff. The only reason that I bought this game was for MWR. Not many people play on PC though so it's hard to find a game. Infinite Warfare is an alright game just don't like the futuristic stuff, MWR's campaign was as great as I remember when I played it on my Wii years back, the multiplayer is good but kind of laggy on high settings considering my system should be able to run it. 8.666/10"
,Recommended,292730,26792538,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,André 👺 CSGOSELL.COM,BES CALL OF DUTY EVER
,Recommended,292730,26980378,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeff,Love it like is is mw3 but newer i have fun and love when i make people mad at it great game good job
76561198002322759,Recommended,292730,26472629,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Herne The Hunter,"I really enjoyed it. Good Story, Good Gameplay, I'm finding specialist mode hard as nails. My only complaint is that the single player campaign felt like it was too short. I really enjoyed the jackal combat too, it felt pretty good played with an XBone controller.Zombies in spaceland is really entertaining."
76561198306528973,Recommended,292730,26509783,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,beemaniac,"The best call of duty campaign ive ever played, graphics are insane, the controls were a little sketchy at times, outside of everything ran great."
,Recommended,292730,26562613,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,🎃 TheMrIggs 🎃,"Bought this game yesterday for $59.99 on Steam because on CDKeys you could get them for $35 but the keys are only redeemable in EU. Anyways, this is a COD in which the multiplayer is ""not good"" (As everyone says to every COD after BO2). I feel people just expect the game to be bad but they just buy it anyways just so they can right a review judging the game on its release week and request a refund. Yes, I don't like the mulitplayer and I never really was a fan of the campain (With any of the CODs tbh except WAW), but I bought the game for the zombies. I don't hate the multiplayer because of the advanced mechanics of the game for the futuristic feel SOLELY for the purpose that it isn't like the older CODs. Then again, I don't love it but that's beside my point. Zombies will never get old in which that is primarily the reason I bought the game but people have got to think to themselves. The creators of COD have to keep coming out with new things to present to its audience or else they won't buy the next COD. Everybody is mad at these new additions to COD because they prefer the older WAW and BO1&2ish style gameplay, but if all COD was from the release of WAW was repetition of the same thing over and over again, there would be no reason to make another COD because people would stop buying them because they would all be the same. Then again, I do think its about time to make a WAW2. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,292730,26739835,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Amped,Bought it for MWR
,Recommended,292730,26465129,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,FuKnH8iT,FIX YOUR SERVERS!!!! lags soooo bad. Whips me into walls and crap. i7 with gtx 970s SLI 32gb ddr4 on a gigabit mobo with gigabit router. Test speeds download at 285mbs and upload at 135mbs....  Fix your serversAND WHATS WITH THE LOBBY CLOSED ISSUE!!!! i spend more time trying to get into a game then i do playing  dont throw in a lobby and make me wait forever for a countdown to a LOBBY CLOSED!!! wtf
76561198009438690,Recommended,292730,26523307,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HidanForPres,"Great campaign, a bit predictable and shorter than I’d like but the story was very enjoyable. The main problem I had with Infinite warfare is the lack of side missions, considering the scale of the map and the initially impressive array on offer, the fact that there are almost non after completing those initially displayed was abit disappointing. Still, this had been my favourite Call of duty since World at War but then again I get it for the single player. Crazy, right"
,Recommended,292730,26525741,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Soundcloud,xD
76561198306820855,Recommended,292730,26526995,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lux,"Fast paced, small maps, High rpm guns, I likey"
,Recommended,292730,26529767,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AmusedKakashi,"Don't trust what everyone say in the reviews, there are only haters, unfortunately the people who liked this game are not showing themselves in the comments. This game is a VERY GOOD one, best campaing since BO2 (which I also also liked very much), a fun multiplayer (it is like BO3 and the movements of Ghosts), and also the zombies mode that is not better than the zombies from BO3 but is very fun.If you enjoy a good single player, a fun and good multiplayer, and a zombies to calm your nerves down and have some fun, don't think twice, BUY THIS GAME"
76561197979625787,Recommended,292730,26571436,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hx,I probably didn't have that much fun playing CoD since CoD 4 !
,Recommended,292730,26574381,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TheQakZz,"The game is pretty fun but it does have a few issues that can either make or break the game for certain people. Zombies is great; for the first time in any CoD I actually enjoy zombies. Multiplayer CAN be extremely fun, but the connection is somewhat to be desired. The insane amount of lag compensation currently is game breaking. You'll get instantly killed by a player you didn't even see. Gun fights at the current time aren't a thing. I've noticed this seems to vary from lobby to lobby depending on the host. Hopefully this gets addressed and I'll 100% play it more. One thing that stood out was the suprisingly good mouse input for an infinite ward game... or CoD game in general on PC. If you want a good game for campaign, this is it. The campaign was longer than the past CoD's that I've played and it was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I'm not a big fan of futuristic and sifi games or campaigns, but this was ♥♥♥♥ing cool.Pros:Zombies is greatSuprising mouse inputFOV slider from 80-120Resolution scaling optionMore optimized than Black Ops 3Pretty great weapon balancing besides maybe one or two weapons.Camos are by far better than Black Ops 3Scorestreaks aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly OP.Zombies and Multiplayer weapon progress carry over to each other.Cons:Weapon Variants (not that big of a deal in this game)Connection issuesPC does not get the competition playlist that includes multiple gamemodes, like S&D just to name one.Earning salvage to get weapon variants is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥.Map design is a little to be desired. Classic three lane maps my♥♥♥♥♥ More like 8 lane get shot in the back maps."
76561198022600614,Recommended,292730,26576209,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ouijabored,"Purchased this game for zombies in spaceland, but I couldn' tell you if this game is fun. The game won't stop crashing on me after I launch it!!  ... c'mon REALLY ACTIVISION!?!?...I'm changing my review not because of this guy below calling me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll, but after I gave it an hour, the servers came back online and worked finally.  The campaign is fun.  The Zombies in Space mode, essentially why I bought this game, was fun and I liked being able to purchase new perks with xp earned."
,Recommended,292730,26639975,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Soulcrusher-,"Pretty good game surprisingly, the only issue is that kill time has not been adjusted, it is way to quick with this new fast past movement."
76561198237791538,Recommended,292730,26649847,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,affie073,why infinity ward why please almost every day i hear on youtube a new update has come out like cod points but it isnt in the game and i heared you guys gave fixed issues with the zombies spawning directly after afterlife still isnt patchet on pc and the afterlife on solo you guys say it wil be open on solo well gues what i watch a stream of mrdalek in an example and it is good but on pc you guys dont do a♥♥♥♥♥♥please fix this hell of a issue!
,Recommended,292730,28343651,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,u can do this!,"Awesome game, but the cutscenes seems to become unsynced after 5 mins"
76561198061584862,Recommended,292730,28107722,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NukeHunter,Great Singelplayer! Love it!
76561198091736301,Recommended,292730,27251929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,| OVO |,"For what its worth, it's a good game. Everybody that is hating on this are all people that for some reason expected something that wasnt a COD. The gameplay is different, multiplayer does need some rebalance, but overall its fresh. The campaign was genuinely good. My honest opinion is that this game isn't horrible, as long as you know exactly what you're getting."
76561198052317800,Recommended,292730,26858484,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Otusapina,i just love it
76561198115462372,Recommended,292730,27151030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,▲noscopekingirino▲,lol xd
,Recommended,292730,27377668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evo | PoweR,It was a mistake!
,Recommended,292730,27720213,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BMW.Isetta,"I'm going to be honest. This game is not as bad as many predicte, but it does have its flaws.Pros:+Campaign is one of the best CoD campaigns in recent years. In my opinion it is better than BO3, AW and Ghost's stories.+People always say that CoD is the same every year, but this jump to space sets it apart from other CoDs+Zombies in spaceland is extremely refreshing and can be quite challenging and therefore rewarding+In depth weapon customisation in zombies and multiplayerCons:-Multiplayer is pretty much the same as BO3 and feels repetitive-Mutiplayer has a lot of hacks/modsIn summary I would only recommend this game if it was on sale or if you only like the Campaign and Zombies modes."
,Recommended,292730,27823883,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Homer Simpson,"The SP is ASUM ,MP well though community is small in PC it has to be improved in terms of matchmaking !"
,Recommended,292730,27915775,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,New phone who dis,"Not a bad game, but there is NO GAMES most of the time, spend an hour searching for a game and get the same people everytime its like thers only 10 people in aus searching for games"
76561197996142634,Recommended,292730,28147428,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,lthenkel,Only playing single player and loving it!
76561198015742575,Recommended,292730,28338112,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Illuminaughty,Haven't bought a Call of Duty game since MW3. All that was missing from this game was prototype laser swords. Looks awesome in 3440x1440. Never played multiplayer. If IW puts out a game like this every now and then they might have a lifetime buyer.
,Recommended,292730,28453157,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cailean,"Single player was amazing, multiplayer was your standard cod multiplayer + flying = not a fan, but it wasnt bad, zombies was really good its very different from the original cod zombies. 8/10"
76561198117854533,Recommended,292730,28497357,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tonylive1777,My Favorite Call Of Duty! SPACE is awesome and everyone can hear you shoot. RUNS GREAT! Space is great!
,Recommended,292730,27361848,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adam,a
,Recommended,292730,27988306,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Emperor of Awesomeness,"IntroductionThis is a game that even before it came out people had mixed feelings about so it's no surprise that on Steam the user reviews are mixed with just over 50% of people recommending the game.I, seeing the trailers and whatnot, thought it would be awesome as it is a space shooter and as I love si-fi I preordered the Digital Deluxe Edition. This is normally something I would not do but in this case I think it was money well spent.What I aim to do is look at the three game modes (campaign, multiplayer, and zombies) and note what I did and did not like.CampaignThe single-player experience is fun gameplay-wise. I remember something they said about this game before it came out was that it be reminiscent of classic COD gameplay. And I think that it is. It does remind me of WAW or MW (more so MW) a bit in terms of how the combat plays and how levels are laid out. I will grant however; the game is a little bit (just a little) too cutsence-y for me. Also, and this may be a personal thing, but I was disappointed by the fact that you don't get to drive anything or be a passenger in a cool vehicle like you did in previous games. There was one part that lasted all of 15 seconds where you were a passenger but that was it.The story was good and had some touching moments, except that it was focused around how unbeatable the SDF was but in gameplay you always beat them hands down and they never felt like a threat when you fought them and that made the story seem a little bit silly.There were some cool levels - namely Port Armor which had the civilian terminal area that had super cool futurist design. Also in the level, windows you could shoot out to temporarily depressurize the area made good use of the space theme. Unfortunately, still like that was far and few throughout the game.MultiplayerNot much to say here: pretty similar to the multiplayer of past games so if you like COD multiplayer you'll probably like this. That said, there's not always a lot of players, which Infinity Ward/Activision can't really be blamed for though. They can however, be blamed for the fact that you can only play with Steam players and there is no cross-platform multiplayer at all. Also there is apparently no anti-cheats which, being true, would be pretty poor.I knew it would not be in the game before it came out but also disappointing is the lack of local multiplayer. Just because it's on a computer does not mean some of us would not like to play locally.It is worth mentioning that the maps are really pretty for what that's worth.ZombiesI've only been able to play this by myself as of yet (lack of local zombies is also disappointing if that didn't go without saying) but it is, again, similar to what was in previous games. Obviously, they added new stuff but it's largely similar. All I can really say is I do enjoy it more or less and the map is cool enough, if way too big for my tastes. It's probably not my favorite iteration but it's neat and I'm sure the coming maps will be pretty cool to play around on.ConclusionOverall, I would recommend this game if you like shooters and si-fi."
,Recommended,292730,26965478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krozzr,Bom jogo.Sem players.Conexão meia boca.
,Recommended,292730,27226594,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brightgfc,"The Campaign mode is great. I really enjoyed the space battles, story line and plot are both solid. However, ..... the multiplayer disappointing and overrated.Best to look at gameplay and decide for yourself herehttps://www.youtube.com/thepsychgamerI recommend to buy the game for1. Zombie mode is great fun2. Modern Warfare multiplayer and campaign modes are great3. Infinite Warfare campaign is goodInfinite Warfare Multiplayer ..... CRAP!"
,Recommended,292730,27246659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rogue Martin #WWII,Realy cool game i like the Space theme and the graphics is amazing
,Recommended,292730,27263739,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SHFU,gud gaem
,Recommended,292730,27413691,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FatHousePanda,"Stellar writing. Questionable yet mechanically functional weapon design. Aircraft combat surpisingly  enjoyable. All in all, a solid shooter. MP is a bit underwhelming, yes, but if you're more of a single-player guy like me, this is a great game.Give it a chance, guys. You CAN love a game without hating its competition."
76561198090661834,Recommended,292730,27708001,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sassyfabios,"i don't know why it gets so must have but i love the story, ok the multiplayer is les good but its stil a good game"
,Recommended,292730,27736460,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StickWins,Zombies!!!
,Recommended,292730,27898833,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OmegaNine,"At 40 bucks I think the game is a great 6-8 hours mission.  I gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about all of the people, the ending was well done and the voice acting was spot on.  Just for the single player I would say get it.  As for the multiplayer, maybe get CS:GO.  It feels like they already abandoned the game.  Cheating is running rambid and no one seems to be doing anything about from what i can see.  That being said, 5 bucks an hour for a great story that doesn't drag on for  100's of hourse seems like a good price."
76561198305060340,Recommended,292730,27988362,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Joni King,Cool game there is a problem with the plot but really fun to play Abmultiplyr This is one of the parts and comfortable keyboard and mouse is very easy once you get used to burn several hours a day
76561198274854105,Recommended,292730,28109030,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ISLAM147,i realy don't care about the online but for damn sure the campaign is incredible don't think just buy it i know it's not like the old cods but for real it deserve every cent
76561198260094989,Recommended,292730,28167309,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[S]^1T^2h^3u^4n^5d^6e^7r^8z,Love the game so far but does anyone else not have kill confirmed if you know how to fix pls contact me thanks
,Recommended,292730,28348924,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Nick Kurwalsky,"Its a good game for the new era call of dutys the only reason people dont like it is its not like the old era (blops 2, mw2 and cod ghost)"
,Recommended,292730,28443950,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Uri tarted,"This game, no anti-cheating???????????????"
76561198173123326,Recommended,292730,28081266,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EA  Sports it's in the Bible,the zombies is fun
76561198069595790,Recommended,292730,28508386,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mad Bomber,"This game is great despite all of the haters. Very fast paced and addiciting. They did a great job making this game! Has the same or a very similar engine to BO3 for combat with the jet packs. If that is not your cup of tea, you can play MW2 Remastered :)Highly recommend. I was skeptical at first but after a few MP matches, quickly became addicted and now I cannot stop playing. If you are on the fence with this game, get it and you will not regret it!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30187598,Posted: 25 February,all,DXRaaz,GG fatal error disc image21.pak♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.........
76561198042437121,Recommended,292730,30202537,Posted: 26 February,all,matt westside outlaw,"Campaign is brilliant and a very fun experience, especially on the Specialist difficulty. Multiplayer is an amazing, fast-paced experience. Zombies is meh. Graphics are amazing on max and it is well optimised. Overall 8/10 screw you h8trz."
,Recommended,292730,27426434,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Weaboo Jones,"I do really like this gameThe things that draws this from being up there with the best are hackers in Multiplayer, they do not get banned and I always seem to run into them.But other then that there is barely anything wrong with the game, campaign is one or maybe the best I have ever played, mulitplayer (Besides the hackers) is absolutaly funZombies, even though Im terrible at it is fun and feels very clean and nice.I have played MWR only a small bit because I can't get into a game of multiplayer and I havent finished the campaign at the moment because it feels clunky.In conclusion, the only thing i find wrong with this game is hackersI will give this game an 8.5/10"
76561198206808809,Recommended,292730,29440740,Posted: 23 January,all,Scorpion9195,great game don't understand all the hate that it has gotten over the months campaign is a star wars remake but multiplayer is just as good as Black ops 3. in the first few games you will be outmatched by more experienced foes but after 3-4 games you will get the hang of the playstyle and get a good score or even make it to the winners circle i recommend this game 8.5/10
,Recommended,292730,26459584,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,❤Sexy Cat Girl❤,"After putting some time into the game, im giving this game a REAL review. This game is NEW and REFRESHING to the series, with that said, if you don like the ""kick♥♥♥♥♥space lazers"" from CoD:Advanced Warfare (the EPM3, AE4 or the Ohm) then you probably wont like this game because half of the guns shoot freaking lazers man, also if you dont like the robots from Cod:Black Ops 3 then again dont get this game cuz in the main campaing their pretty much everywhere and you play as one  of them in the Multiplayer. Zombies is pretty much the same, probably a small story behind it as well, its pretty fun. NOW if your still reading this and willing to try out a new cod game the go for it, if a new space age shooter isnt your style then stay away, no need to sh!t on a new game just cuz of the remastered coming with it or that the ""older ones"" are better, if they really cared they'd still be playing them but instead they throw money to sh!t on the game anyway and♥♥♥♥♥♥shamefull reviews"
,Recommended,292730,34889956,Posted: 11 September,all,shimihid,Good shooter. Usual COD problems tho.
76561198079689669,Recommended,292730,29531090,Posted: 27 January,all,IntelGamer896,Needs to be splitscreen for 2
76561198091672248,Recommended,292730,34889099,Posted: 11 September,all,AlbertScout667,I like this game because is challangeing and fun.
,Recommended,292730,34894632,Posted: 11 September,all,the entire population of,Why cant they just have the Zombie maps in a pack by their own for like $15?
,Not Recommended,292730,34121110,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/FrogeTV,"if this game was suicide, I would actually chose not to kill myself"
,Not Recommended,292730,26429842,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr Azure,BIGGEST CANCER I HAVE EVER SEEN MAKES ME WANNA KILL MY SELF. FREZZES KICKS FROM LOBBY EVERY SECOND GAME IT DOESENT LOAD. I HAVE DRONE BLEACH SO KILL YOUR SELF ACTIVISON YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING DOG LICKING BALLSACK ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30157410,Posted: 24 February,all,janitraa,JUST WASTING MY TIME!
,Not Recommended,292730,30156613,Posted: 24 February,all,PoopBoost,Call of Duty is just not how I remember it...
76561198145334469,Not Recommended,292730,30157340,Posted: 24 February,all,Subzerovixen,"campaign is decent, multiplayer and zombies are complete♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,30164823,Posted: 25 February,all,Tobblok,You can't say GG at a end of a match because it is not a good game.You have to say BG because it is a bad game.or TWAGMMGBTGIS (that was a good multipalyer match guys but this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197982246765,Not Recommended,292730,30168870,Posted: 25 February,all,zombie rapist,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥crap, game freezes, almost all is blockeg. ♥♥♥♥ off you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Since whnen is r e t a r d bad word?"
,Recommended,292730,30206182,Posted: 26 February,all,StewyRabb1t,Good game
76561198184684445,Not Recommended,292730,31875759,Posted: 20 May,all,DreamCaster420,idk wtf is going on but i cant play the campain or zombies or MWR WHAT I ♥♥♥♥ING BOUGHT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30138714,Posted: 24 February,all,Mrauksia,No zombs in beta. :(
,Not Recommended,292730,30140710,Posted: 24 February,all,Magistr,"It's just really, really bad."
76561197975842435,Not Recommended,292730,33411790,Posted: 9 July,all,Nistuk,"I can understand why games are being sold with so many bugs now a days. but I am glad i did NOT PAY FULL PRICE FOR IT.Please steam patch Operation Burn Water. It is a Scrip Problem. And this stuff is getting old. Please stop selling Broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is why i don't get COD games new any more!Infinte war warfare's story up too Operation Burn Water what epic. then i find out its broken and cant finish it.Steam SORT YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT, if you would please!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26418605,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nick,"***First Impressions***______________________________________________________Infinite Warfare:______________________________________________________Single Player Campaign- Typical call of duty campaign. Lots of set pieces with explosions, cool gadgets that you'll use for one or two scenes, british squad members that you're supposed to feel emotionally attached to but simply don't, and lots of shooting. There's nothing wrong with it, presentation is excellent and overall performance for the single player campaign feels solid. The only problem I had in terms of performance was right before each checkpoint I recieved a -10fps stutter for a split second.Multiplayer- Movement feels very smooth and weapons feel like they have more weight to them. Characters don't feel as light as they did in Black Ops 3. Health bars now appear above teammates/enemies. Weapons kill much faster than past call of duty games. Most guns can kill within 3 shots. Performance is ""ok"" but not great. It's locked at 90fps and has dips here and there but nothing significant.Zombies- A lot of fun, totally reworked from past zombie experiences in COD games. Animations have been redone, overall style has been changed up, the level itself is very interesting and fun to explore. One of the few things that I'm excited to actually return to. I also loved the addition of actual music tracks from the 80s that play on the theme park's loud speakers, very nice touch.PERFORMANCE BENCHMARK:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOI0HjrhXkU&feature=youtu.be_________________________________________________________________________Call of Duty 4: Remastered_________________________________________________________________________Single Player- Looks fantastic, runs great, and plays just like the original did. Cutscenes have been redone and look more modern with much better facial animations and overall presentation.Mutliplayer- A DISASTER. The multiplayer is beyond broken. Poor performance all around. FPS drops as low as 30fps with a high end machine. Not quite sure what's causing it, it happens both in online matches and with bots on all maps. Seems to be a major memory leak issue. Could potentially be fixed but currently is broken. Also, there's no server browser. It's all ""matchmaking"" and there's very few players online compared to the original COD4 back in 2007.PERFORMANCE BENCHMARK:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-_ks1lY4y8___________________________________________Closing Remarks___________________________________________Do not buy this game (or the remaster) for multiplayer. The community is already weak and is going to die leaving you with a game you'll never play. The performance in COD4 remastered is unacceptable and performance for all modes in both games could use some work too. Graphics look ""ok"" when you take into account that it's a COD game, so don't expect anything groundbreaking, though the improvements to COD4 are great when compared to the original. Menus can be buggy, especially in Infinite Warfare when changing graphic settings, and loading into a multiplayer match in Infinite Warfare can take an unusually long time. If you love Call of Duty for the single player campaigns or are a die-hard fan of Zombies, then go ahead and buy this, but honestly... I'd recommend waiting 6 months until there's a sale. $80 is just too much for a game bundle that clearly wasn't finished."
,Not Recommended,292730,26439467,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wh1te,Can you make a worse game than everything that came after Black Ops? The answer is yes.
,Not Recommended,292730,31444356,Posted: 29 April,all,RaptorDave,People take the multiplayer way too seriously. I'm just trying to have some fun here. Calm the ♥♥♥♥ down!
,Not Recommended,292730,30131633,Posted: 23 February,all,F33Kin,"(Free Weekend, 2/23)It's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,30268508,Posted: 1 March,all,HODL just wait 2 weeks,The multiplayer and gameplay feels different and plays really well. It looks exactly the same but it feels fluent and good. The optimization is amazing. Sounds are good but some are kind of ripped off the other cods. Zombies is fun nothing too crazy though. The real dissapointment of this game is the fact that no one plays it :/ for that reason it's just not worth getting.
76561198071398556,Not Recommended,292730,35510233,Posted: 5 October,all,Doomsday,WARNING: The following game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥spawns are terrible and u cant find any lobbies payed 100$ for this crap and i cant find one DLC lobby its like no one ever bought the dlc and i feel the only one who has season pass zombies are not an option because no one playes it i say put this game on 10$ u idiots i payed 100$ for game with no players now its ur turn to sell this game for a cheaper price because the ones who did bought this game got totally screwd!!!
,Recommended,292730,26428608,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Guilty Complex,The free game that came wtih Modern Warfare Remastered isn't all that half bad.
,Recommended,292730,26450462,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mousi,"Uh hi, I think I am the only person that likes this game ironicaly.I dunno Campaign is short but good story.Ethan is husbando and stuff.Zombies is fun I think better than BO3.Multiplayer is super fast and hectic but there are a lot of overpowered guns that need to be NERFED.Mutliplayer maps seem to be not filled wit variety either but maybe its because I only play Team Deathmatch.Best map has to be that one black hole map because thats super cool.Its an average Call of Duty game that fits its genre of what it is about right now and thats Space warfare. Nothing new and much more slower than Titanfall 2 and I even think BO3. It does feel clunky to move around but I got use to it.I guess it fits my bill of playing Call of Duty but I would rather play Titanfall 2 if I didn't have such low interest in mech shooter.It's plain old call of duty and nothing really changed with its multiplayer, hopefully and most likely we get something more modern or olden times next year with Sledgehammer.I don't beleive Battlefield 1 this year because they are different variety of shooter. I'd rather play IW for its fast paced mindless shooting and would rather play BF1 for its reliance on tactics and team play.All in all  7/10. Im still gonna play the heck out of this game because I am having a blast.>Inb4 kys for liking this game :^)"
,Recommended,292730,26427519,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,UnofficialName,Campaign Only Review!Positive*First COD in a long time that made me give a damn about the characters.*Great varied locations.*Fun action with stealth sections and plenty of space battles.*Permadeath difficulty level.*Decent story that reminds me of Battlestar Galactica.Negative*Kit Harington AKA John Snow.1080GTX / I7-4790K -4Ghz / 32GB Ram (90 -120 FPS)
76561198172081723,Recommended,292730,26429431,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Demogulus,"I love the campaign but hate the multiplayer, although wish Kit Harrington was in it for more than 10 minutes on screen...... that kinda sucked :(Call of duty was always a thing for me when it comes to the story, I love the campaigns, the only ones I didn't enjoy was BO 2,3 and ghosts.....If you love the story then buy it, if you buy it for the multiplayer then may I suggest you go and play titanfall 2 and battlefield 1 instead, they have much better multiplayers."
,Recommended,292730,26413283,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Skelekip💀,"Runs extremely well for me on ultra after updating my GPU drivers, port appears to be rather well optimized. Zombies this time around is an absolute blast, probably my favorite COD zombies so far."
76561197976554639,Recommended,292730,26416925,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bag33,"I don't know why everyone always slams CoD, the campaigns are always awesome, i never play CoD for multiplayer, i ply other games for multiplayer.  But for my machine everything works great, looks great, and is a blast.  I can not speak for multiplayer or and i havent tried zombies yet.  So far only complaint is the initial load, that took forever but once in works great."
,Recommended,292730,30190124,Posted: 26 February,all,FYONE,"The ""UNINSTALL"" button works."
76561198034640867,Recommended,292730,26495250,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jørrå,"Sold my knife to play MWR, and oh boy am I loving the game. Only recommending this because of cod4, IW sucks"
,Recommended,292730,26443074,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ðeleriøs,"I wish people would stop Downvoting this game because theres ""No community"" There would be a community if you didn't scare off all the potential buyers lol.This COD is the first one I've purchased since BO2. With that said I've probably played bits and pieces of other COD's but never owned one or played seriously online since that installment. I was always more of a Treyarch boy myself, only ever really playing scenario's and campaign of Infinity's MW, wasn't a fan of their style Multiplayer. And I was always using console. I've always been afraid of owning a COD for PC, they all have mixed reviews at best, and let's face it, just port's of the primarily console developed game. But buying it this year has been eye opening to me.COD on PC... ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, just like on console. Plus if you have yourself a decent rig, you'll be glad you bought it here cause the graphics are fantastic, and I don't get wowed by graphics much. I did play a reasonable amount of BO3 and it wasn't in my opinion the best feeling combat or multiplayer, but they added so much reason to grind and play between the zombies and the stupid crates. And it's the same thing here, but a little bit better. I'm just really excited about the zombies, it's so different from how treyarch was doing it with BO3 but it's still simple enough to understand and have fun with.FINAL: I suggest you give it a shot if you're remotely interested. It's only the first weekend, it'll build a following. If you buy it now, it's worth the $60. You'll go back and forth on it over the next year.Specs:Nvidia GTX 960 4gb <----- lol ikrAMD FX Octa-core Black Edition 3.1ghz8g stick of ramASUS M5A97 LE R 2.0 MoBoSo anybody with a gtx 1080 ti that says this game is horrible and it's a broken port, is full of bs. Probably hasn't tried troubleshooting in any sorta way either.."
,Recommended,292730,26462937,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,w7 l ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ,best story since bo2
76561198053193463,Recommended,292730,26450004,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Boss Hog,"Never really played much COD, found the game really enjoyable.Fast action, stunning sights in the campaign, I've spent a lot more money on a lot worse games...I'm pretty terrible at it but FPS games usually start that way & make you step up.Used to play a lot of Halo & it's great to see how far games have come.I got this wanting a true FPS, I feel I found one. Hope the campaign isn't as short as people say it is butthese days people just put out more DLC.For me the big pros are,Shooting out windows in space so the enemies fly out the windows.Grapple hooking enemies then taking off their helmets.Using a gravity grenade to float the bad guys before blowing them apart with a high powered energy weapon.The campaign graphics are solid enough that you're not thinking where's that guys teeth...Attention to detail is astonishing, I like riding the elevator & seeing what people are doing on other floors.Every part of the game has been smooth for me without glitches & I haven't seen any hacks, just salty players.Let me address some common cons below :PSeems to be a lot of hate aimed at infinite warfare in other reviews but honestly reading them a lot of the reviews are from people with computers of poor performance or bad internet... multiple people calling wall running hacking for instance... (Learn how to play before posting reviews?)If you have an FPS problem or actions aren't smooth it isn't nessesarily the game.Can't see any pay to win options sooo... Maybe i'm dumb there but that's been a complaint, also a complaint about levelling up your weapons & such, the more you play the better stuff you get. That's funny as hell because, that's how you get a good player base and actually reward people who like the game.Reviews also baggin on the COD community, how is that a review on the game son?Oh with the good gear that you unlock, you can't use it straight away you have to lvl up sufficiently first so yeah a higher level may kick your bum, but go winge at league of legends for not giving you free runes or world of warcraft for not giving you the highest raid gear... Just put the time in if you want to play like every other game."
,Recommended,292730,26450503,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,zaphodnt,"Hell of a ride so far. Graphics are excellent, story is an A, controls are great. 2016 has been a banner year for franchise titlesand this may be the best of the FPS campaigns that I've played.Recommended if you have $60+ to spend."
76561198003952628,Recommended,292730,26478558,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[REX]FearZOP,"After 30 hours + I wanna write a review for this game. I only played 2 mode which are multiplayer and zombies.Pros:-Actually quite fun to play multiplayer.-Awesome zombies map and new wonderweapon-Run well on my pc FX8350 and Nvidia GTX 1060 no fps dropCons:-Poor lobby match making in zombies and multiplayer.-Can only play TDM cannot play another mode at all.-Kill time is somewhat short and unfair-Not noobs friendly-Poor match making for zombies require 4 players to join the game instead of going with 2 or 3 people.-Lack of guns, using varient and supply drop to substitute for the better guns.-Mouse and keyboard sometime throw it self out of place. Poor mouse optimization for PC.Bottomline:I reccomend this game for players that love the COD series and wanting new experience in zombies. As for multiplayer there are not much difference at all from BO3. There are team mission for you to grind for better guns. But it's not as good as BO3 where every one can unlock everything and be somewhat on equal ground."
76561198026955573,Recommended,292730,26429381,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lil Hitler,"This game isnt as bad as everyone is making it out to be, sure its been out for almost 2 days now and has some bugs anyone who pre-orders or buys a launch  day game knows theres going to be bugs. Zombies is great so far love the 80s theme, the guns are great, the story i couldnt say as of yet i never really pay much attention to them lol, Multiplayer is typical for cod with decent maps and a few good guns for every type of player. It does take a minite to tweek the graghics settings so you dont have the problems others are having but if you take the time to figure it out rather than b##ch Pi** and moan about it, the game is actualy good"
,Recommended,292730,26430239,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Baker,"I normally don't write reviews for games, but this particular game needs to have some things cleared up. First off, I can only speak from my experience in playing the game. That being said, I have played it on two different computers:An asus laptop with a gt 750m gpu and a 4th gen i7 mobile processorand my desktop, which has an i7-4770k processor, 16gb ram, and a gtx 980ti.Overall, The performance on my desktop is fantastic at 1080p with settings maxed. I have not experienced any FPS drops or crashes through my time in the campaign or in multiplayer. On my laptop, and understandably so, the performance was crappy. Thats not because of the game, thats because my laptop is crappy for gaming.My time in multiplayer was exclusively in custom game with a friend against bots, to I can't speak for the connection to other players, but I never got disconnected from the server save for when my friends internet dropped out (was at his place playing).Now to get into the gameplay. Its call of duty, and as such it plays like a call of duty game. You run around and shoot stuff (in my case, bots). Its nothing groundbreaking, but its not aweful (at least not for me). Its what black ops 3 should have been.The campaign for this game is actually good. I started it thinking ""here come another campaign that takes a back seat to the multiplayer because its gonna be boring and uninspired"", but that preconception was proven to be wrong. It has so far (I estimate I'm maybe a quarter through it) turned out to be an engaging experience, which I haven't had with a COD game since MW3. The Characters are decent and theres a talking robot who is a smartass. The space combat is done well enough that it provides a pleasant experience in between the standard run a gun missions.Overall, I'd recommend this game.TL;DR-MP plays like a call of duty game-Campaign is so far a decent experience-I have not personally experienced any bugs or crashes-Would recommend-Need decent PC-Better than the previous two iterations8/10 as far as COD games go, 5-6/10 if being judged against a game like DOOM. If you are specifically looking for a good COD game, get it. If you're looking for a game you can play for half an hour against bots, get it. People are dumping on it for the sake of dumping on it in many cases, the only real way to know if it is good is to play it and find out."
,Recommended,292730,26449334,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,Star Wars: Infinity War
76561197970282155,Recommended,292730,26450509,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Make America Great Again,"Turn off V-Sync, once you do, the game is great."
76561198336908593,Recommended,292730,26684739,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,^2Sour!,"Don't listen to all the negative comments. Thats just a trend that started from youtube. If your seriously considering the game, get it! it is a lot of fun and the campagne is incredible. im 8th prestige on xbox and started playing it on pc because i always love pc graphics."
,Recommended,292730,27195081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Haider:jk,good
,Recommended,292730,28355487,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ahsan_alam,"I couldn't find the reason, why people hated this game?Anyway I enjoyed it"
,Recommended,292730,26428548,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Extra Thicc,"So, unlike most of these under 1 hour reviews, ive put in about 3 hours on pc, and 6 on PS4.I did not enjoy Multiplayer. - On PS4On PC this game is a whole different ball game, the movement is fluid, optimization is great (if ur having problems, put it in borderless windowed and cap fps) and because of the speed and accuracy of KB/M, the MP truly shines.Campaign is one of the best in years, and thats to be expected when two lead dev's are ex- naughty dog employees.Zombies is a fun little addition and isnt extremely tedious like BO3.Remaster is literally just cod 4 with new graphics, same old great game.Overall, I'd wait for a sale or price drop on♥♥♥♥♥if you're iffy, but if you genuinely wanna try it go ahead and buy it. worst case scenario is youll have $80 to spend on a different game."
76561197980317338,Not Recommended,292730,26430855,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vantasia,Worst game ever. Feels like it was made by an indie studio...
,Recommended,292730,26433278,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheCoreyBurton,"Alright, review time. I'll keep this as short as possible while trying to address a variety of things without skimping on detail (keeping in mind that it's release day I've only sunk a few hours into private matches with a friend so far and am yet to touch campaign, zombies or online play):GAMEPLAY: It's Call of Duty. If you're new to the franchise, then you'll be in for some finely-tuned first person shooting with customizable classes and advanced movement such as wall-running and double-jumping. If you've played some of the older titles, the best description of how the engine handles would be to say that it's like if ""Ghosts"" had ""Black Ops 3""'s jetpack. There are a host of new features, as with every installment in the frachise, but for the most part they're overshadowed by the community and the game is just seen as another excuse to get more maps to play in multiplayer and a new campaign to play.ENGINE: This is one of the finest releases to date. The previous three releases have all been severely problematic for me upon release. Usually I see things like memory leaks, servere connectivity issues or game-breaking glitches the moment I'm in and grow frustrated with the fact I'd pre-ordered for all this trouble. This release is completely different. I wasn't excited this time around - I was wary. I set aside a couple of hours for troubleshooting, fully expecting to have to reconfigure some hardware, reinstall a driver or patch a config file to get the game to run but that wasn't the case at all. My friend and I played together for three hours and the game didn't crash once, didn't have any unexpected errors and run beautifully. If there were any connectivity issues or any lag spikes, we didn't notice (whereas Black Ops 3 is almost unplayable lately because of similar problems).REQUIREMENTS: I will say the requirements for this game are HIGH. I'd honestly recommend higher than what is suggested on the store page. I'm running a GTX1080 and was at the frame rate cap of 91fps for the entire game at 1440p, with everything on the highest settings. If I flicked it up to 4K, I started to drop into the 75 range. 5K yielded a frame rate in the 40-70 range. My friend was running a GTX750M, and despite turning all the settings down and putting the resolution on the lowest possible setting, he could only get an average of about 30fps. If your card is not in the range between these two, you'll likely have some difficulty making the game playable. Specfically, the 750M was playable - but not pleasant. This isn't a fault with the game though, this is just an advancement in technology that a lot of users in reviews seem to be not understanding, expecting older cards that could play other titles fine to be able to play this title to the same extent.PROBLEMS: A lot of users are leaving harsh, angry reviews in the review section and without being too harsh towards the community (it's already negative enough as it is), most of the problems are on their side of the field, not the developers. As I've previously mentioned, the game has HIGH requirements. Your top-end gaming PC from three years ago is no longer a top-end gaming PC and a lot of people aren't yet accepting that fact. If you've got a card with less than 4gb of VRAM and have set any of the cache maps to ON, then your game WILL stutter and your textures will look muddy, washed out, and all kinds of terrible. Similarily, if you've got a card that could play DOOM on high settings - there's no guarantee that it can run this game on the same settings. A lot of users are just writing angry, illiterate abuse because their game isn't running on crazy settings when there's no reason it should be. The best bet is to turn everything down and see how it runs and then work your way up. See what kind of impact each option has. Textures, for instance, uses a lot of VRAM and can cause hitching but will have little-to-no effect on your frame rate. Render Resolution, however, will have a lot less of a VRAM impact but will have a severe impact on performance and frame rate. It's why these options are available - for users to be able to cater what they want prioritized and modify their visual experience to match both their expectations and their rig. I don't mean to belittle those with actual problems though, no game is without glitches and my experience is not your experience. Just be wary reading the angry reviews written along the lines of ""GAME IS F***ING♥♥♥♥♥♥I only got 12fps, I have a GTX960 I should be able to max this"". These people do not know what they're talking about.FINAL WORDS: This game got a lot of hate before it was released and I completely understand why. I joked with a few friends last year making a comment about how the franchise had moved forward in time from past wars, to modern wars, to the future and said ""What's next? Call of Duty: Space?"". I honestly couldn't believe it when they announced it, my terrible joke was becoming a reality. That being said, this game is best seen as a refinement and a beautiful addition to the series. It takes what Black Ops 3 should have been, and amplifies it. After just a few hours of playing, all my doubts were proven to be worry over nothing. There aren't as many customizations and options as I'd like and some of the maps are pretty bland, but to have an installment in this franchise work so well on release date and to have an engine that has finally found the perfect balance between traditional first person shooting and advanced movement is an absolute blessing.If you've had any doubts about buying this game, I hope this has cleared something up."
,Not Recommended,292730,26463096,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Legion,Micro Stutter out the♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,26498786,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kenshiro,"I have to rate the zombies mode for this game 10 / 10 . After years of playing black ops zombies ( and loving it ) the makers of spaceland zombies have looked at what makes a good game of zombies and worked on that . Small features such as returning perks to regain the slot , the ATM machine to give other teammates some much needed points . Playing zombies in spaceland has been one of my more enjoyable experiences on all the zombies maps ( i have played all official maps and many customs )Regarding the multiplayer , i found the maps to be well sized for the 6 vs 6 gameplay , where you are spawning right into the action almost everytime .  I like the modern weaponry and equipment availible in the multiplayer.  The game keeps things consistent with other multiplayer COD games so the format and weapon ranking system will look familiar .Also connecting to players ( friends ) on this game is 100 % painless , i have experienced 30 minute + sessions on other COD games trying to connect to my local players and also online players , this game allows friends to join custom zombie games in progress without any problems or retrying , or messing with router settings .To all the negative reviews , i must say most of them are from ill informed idiots who basically do not know their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from their earhole. I am tired of reading how everyone wants WW2 weaponry and do not want ""futuristic"" content. Think about it this way , instead of demanding your own way with everygame that ever releases , try playing an old game to satisfy your desire to be stuck in the past . Most of the negative reviewers are kids - 18 years old who have not seen games grow as i and others have , they just jump on the bandwagon whatever is being said as they are sheep who blindly follow instruction .This game has received a lot of consideration into what works well in gameplay , i see that in the zombie mode , a lot of effort and work has gone into that one map of zombies i am excited to see the rest of the maps . Of course i had some mouse issues at the beginning of the game , but they have been resolved now.All you negative reviewers and general internet tools try consider the fact you could not do the job these game developers do , i bet most of the reviewers have never even looked into modding let alone programming an entire game , so before you judge , try being an expert yourself , if you are not an expert then do not speak on the subject . I can assure you it is not a simple task to create / maintain a game like this .Now excuse me while i go enjoy this excellent game , and all you guys who want the classic weaponry etc , may i recommend battlefield 2 , it will have all your needs regarding WW2 weapons and will run on your potato pcs :)"
76561198095301623,Not Recommended,292730,30347008,Posted: 5 March,all,Bam Bam471,i left this review for no reason
76561198267020799,Recommended,292730,26632243,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Acidserver_Owner,This is a great game so is cod 4 remasted..with infinite warfare they did a good job balancing everything and the movement feels smooth unlike advanced warfare..
,Not Recommended,292730,31346409,Posted: 24 April,all,JerrettOQ,Just here to add to the negative reviews
,Not Recommended,292730,30109194,Posted: 22 February,all,rawr_ima_dinosor,"I'm sorry, this game was just too boring..."
,Recommended,292730,26470018,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kickedmidget,"Campaign is great, very enjoyable. Idk what issues other people are having but this game runs very smmothly and has NEVER crashed on me. No fps lag whatsoever, it automatically optimized to my computer specs beautifully. Zombies is fantastic, I love what they did. Haven't played CoD4 remastered or the multiplayer yet so I can't really base this review off of that. For some reason CoD can't satisfy anybody anymore, idk why..."
,Recommended,292730,30205616,Posted: 26 February,all,vanquishedlight,"not sure what everyone's issue is with this game, but i love it! one up for me."
,Recommended,292730,30205598,Posted: 26 February,all,Ryosko,"As playing it on PC and Xbox, this game is a well built game, yes there is some major/minor flaws, but overall, if you take the time and effort into looking at what this game has to offer, you'd be blown away.The campaign is amazing, had a very fun time playing it and it's repeatable, you have side missions and the ability to go stealth or loud, the story overall was amazing. Replayability is somewhat okay, afterall you have +2 dificulties to use.The multiplayer however is fairly decent, you can tell the devs didn't put time and effort into some of the stuff, for example, when you put the foregrip on the R3K, you'll see it's identical to the normal grip. Varients of the guns are pretty good, they are simmilar to IW, but mostly has positive effects. Supply Drops aren't the most perfect thing, but the stuff infinity ward had to offer was overall good such as camos and rig customization. And overall gameplay is pretty good, not many people like chain-based movement but i'm a fan of it, not saying i'd like it to return in cod 2017, but a really good concept.Finally, zombies. I didn't play much of zombies because i'm waiting on the new map pack, but it has a pretty good storyline, the movie based theme to it wonders where you'll go next in the story, having been to the 80's and 90's, maybe they'll bring it to the 60's or where the campaign/multiplayer time period is. It's replayability isn't the best, but still fun.Overall rating 8/10, the game could use some work, but as i said before, it's a well built game, do I recomend it, only to some people if they like this game. Loved the game, it shouldn't get as much hate as it does."
76561198297544292,Recommended,292730,30231564,Posted: 27 February,all,i am bad,I WAS FUN
,Recommended,292730,30067133,Posted: 20 February,all,T.w² | ♢ Jordan ♢ .cL,"I don't understand the hate on Infinite Warfare, yes it's based in the future, it's still an amazing game. Unlike every other sotry in COD this story is fully linear, it's a story which panned out well and played well. The fight for survival and not giving up when it looks like you should plays out very well. Zombies is like classic zombies but with challenges and played out like a movie which is completely different. The only thing I disliked about Infinite Warfare was the lack of leaderboards in Multiplayer, now that they are added it's not to what I hoped, being in the Top 10% of a gamemode is impossible as it isn't based off of your score totalled, it's your average score per minute which allows cheaters to get in the Top 1% easier that it already was before."
,Not Recommended,292730,30130976,Posted: 23 February,all,BulletHunter,who the ♥♥♥♥ thought this game was a good idea?
,Recommended,292730,30662711,Posted: 21 March,all,MisterB70,"This game isn't bad stop hating on it, it is a really fun game to play"
76561197970356413,Recommended,292730,26440095,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Midget Army,"I had a quick look at the reviews and a lot of the negative ones just don't make any sense - graphics are crisp and whilst not ground breaking are top end.  hardly any lag compared to the lag fest of all the previous COD and Battlefield games is a blessing.  weapons are good, loads of weapon types, attachements and customization.  Loads of challenges.I find you need to play a little more tactically than in previous versions, and getting the right weapons and attachments is a must so expect to struggle a little at first, however it doesn't take loang to level up to start playing well.I have read reviews where people are saying if you like COD then you will like this and then giving a negative review?  How about if you don't like COD don't buy it? the game movement has been toned down from Advancewarfare which is a good thing - no extreme bunny hopping, most of the combat is ground based like the COD of old, you can however wall run.Overall this is a definate improvement to COD, more especially due to the lack of lag and the variety of perks and weapons - only downside so far is that the maps are very small"
,Not Recommended,292730,30232015,Posted: 27 February,all,Pixlminus@pvpro.com,controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assistI WANT MY FREE BACK
,Recommended,292730,26427141,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,VICTOR,love it
,Recommended,292730,26470864,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dubo,"Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare,Was already doomed before its release. There is a lot of hate for this game. It seemed to be a common thing now in the call of duty community to really hate on new games. Because they are Futuristic, People hate the movement system. The guns, the ""Jumping around"",...Despite all of that, this game doesn't feel like the old ""Call of Duty's"". But I really enjoy this game! This game runs pretty smooth, it is well balanced for pc! I had a good time playing it and I really enjoyed it! This is a good call of duty, they did a great job! and I hope that this game will last at least a year, at least give it a chance!So I would recommend this game to you if you Liked AW & BO3"
,Recommended,292730,26469208,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Boxanne,"Personally, I'm loving Infinite Warfare, don't see why it's getting all the hate.Let's start with pro's-Fun MP maps-Great campaign (from what I've played)-Exo movement is redone, making it better than BO3 and AW-Payloads are fairly balanced-TTK is fast, making this CoD a fast paced game-It's funNow, the con's-Some weapons are a little OP (SMG's)-Payloads are pretty meh-Online community is small (for now)-Same old matchmaking serviceRating: 8/10If you're a fan of Call of Duty and don't care about the direction CoD is going, then I recommend purchasing this game.Edit: Activision, I really hope you're gonna start banning these hackers soon, I was in five games in a row with aim botting losers, that's bringing my rating down to a new and improved 5/10 for the hackers that get away with no VAC's or punishment."
76561198111958988,Recommended,292730,26450376,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PoopyPants123,its got good gameplay but the mouse input could be better
76561198158362569,Recommended,292730,26446963,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Phantomc93,"If this game was called anything other than Call of Duty this would be the game of the year.Great Game! Disregard negative comments. This is the real deal. I am not a call of duty fanboy. They sat back and dissected the formula  that made Call of Duty a great franchise. They went back to basics on this one. From the cinematic campaign experience, to the fun multiplayer, they truly delivered a polished game. Wait, did I mention ZOMBIES!?? Space land is a new twist on the idea however like I stated before, they went back to basics to make it the fun extra that we all loved.Look if you are looking for a fun game. Buy now. This is the best FPS of the year hands down. The franchise is so big it has become such a target. However, years of making bland games could attribute to that but I digress. My point is, this game has  a lot of haters. We need to let it have its day.If this game was called anything other than Call of Duty this would be the game of the year.The game works everyone. It has sound and video. Don't let someone playing on pc not meeting the minimum specs have you miss out on the game of the year.I am not a Call of Duty fanboy. But someone has to speak up and give this game 5 stars. This is a great gameI7-4790K 16GB RAM GTX 1080"
76561198034565569,Recommended,292730,26449175,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,McBurney,"I bought the game from being a fan of CoD ingeneral, mainly the campaigns, also wanted MWR. As much as people have complained and/or moaned about space, the idea behind this was better then i thought it would be, and was actually one of the best campaigns they have ever done. Havent done multiplayer, and dont really want to at the moment, story itself was alittle short for the main missions, but with all of the extra missions included, it is about a 7-9 hour story, depending on difficulty/play,"
76561198294685366,Recommended,292730,26461071,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,cashexcalibur,"Hi, fromhttps://www.callofduty.com/infinitewarfare/buyit said Legacy Edition (the 59.99$ pack)  included Modern Warfare Remastered*, but why I got only Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare ?"
,Recommended,292730,26469431,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ProfD,I mainly play zombies.  They did a great job.  Please fix health and damage scaling so we can enjoy the map into higher rounds.  This is a staple of the genre.  Thank you.
,Recommended,292730,26472884,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SaltTM,"MP Mini Review:Would I recommend it for the MP Alone? What I say is wait until the first pc patch and if it fixes some of the bugs I mentioned in the cons portion of this review get it. If you just want a cod game, I'd say get it discounted, but if possible buy it for 60 and play for the first 2 hours and if you don't like it refund it, if you like it refund it and get it discounted. Plus reviews say this is the best campaign since Modern Warfare and I haven't even dove into the campaign.Cons:- XP gain for keys are bugged right now, where some of us are level 40+ and only gained 2 keys from leveling, only way to gain keys for crates for some of us is through grinding zombies and I'm not a zombies player. (should be fixed next patch)- Lag Compensation is pretty bad, you could light someone's♥♥♥♥♥on fire and they'd punt you in a close to close combat, which should be fixed in this next patch (note this is across all platforms)- Menu's are getting only 40-50 fps, while in game is capped to 91 fps. Weird that they capped in game as I have a 144hz monitor, but it doesn't bother me much.- Game plays the best at 120 fov, I usually play 90fov in most games.- TTK is a bit low, w/ the new weapons you practically melt - i've gotten used to it, but people might get annoyedPros:- Maps are better than blops 3- No mouse acceleration in borderless windowed like blops 3- They claim we're on dedicated servers, but they need to patch lag compensation this week- Weapon selection is more fun than blops 3, although it feels like we get less main weapons we do get a bonus 5 weapons of 'classic' weapons from older games.- Weapon variants, take the current weapons and make them better. Not just damage added, more like random perks (think of it like the division) eg.: perk where if you get a double kill it'll auto refill your ammo, or an epic I unlocked where it turned my weapon into a single fire weapon which 2 shot people (that epic is kind of♥♥♥♥♥though the Volks if you're wondering)- Killcam shows how many shots it took for you to die- Enemy health bars, at first I thought this was bad, but it's actually not that bad to know what my opponents health is when everyone has it.- Zombies is pretty fun, even though I'm not a zombie player, but since I wanted to open a crate I grinded a few games of zombies and it's pretty fun. Despite me not knowing where the power switches are aside from the first one, I could see me playing this more in the future."
,Recommended,292730,26473603,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ANTag0nisT,I like the campaign a lot! one thing I concern about this game is the Salvage point which is really hard to get and spend ton of hours to get.... one more thing is the match making sysytem. you should fix it to more balanced! I always found opponents with level 40+ and tbh Im just a noob who just starting to play this game! and add more free stuff to attract other people to play this game! thanks for reading!
,Not Recommended,292730,27524713,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jägermiester,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,28197241,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,AlwayzTrippy,zombies makes the game for me and the campaign is pretty cool
76561198016027585,Recommended,292730,28400435,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Turd the Third,I have started a subreddit if you have proof of cheaters you meet ingame!Go towww.reddit.com/r/iwcheatsand submit your hacker there.You only need to have videos with gameplay ( killscams of the cheater ) and the users profile ( steam profile ) and game status.We want to collect proof of all the cheaters so Infinity Ward can ban the trash once and for all.Hope you will upvote and participate to make the game experience better for this awesome game.Regard TurdtheThird
76561198287802141,Recommended,292730,30437738,Posted: 10 March,all,jdl232,"I seriously don't understand why no one likes this game. Zombies is good. Campaign is GREAT. Multiplayer is GREAT. I like the futuristic gameplay, which is just my personality. I don't like boots on the ground. I give this game a 10/10.Hope this helped a little. :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,28655670,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shadowcuts italktowalls,"15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.no it doesnt and neither does infinite warfare"
,Not Recommended,292730,26422963,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dr. Jeez,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥... ♥♥♥♥♥iest COD game ever made. its just.. just... just sooo bad! Refund up next!
76561198107855487,Not Recommended,292730,30418358,Posted: 9 March,all,804622741,laptop is unable to run this game
,Recommended,292730,27693264,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grawald,Awesome game. One of the best story in Call of Duty series. Good multiplayer and optimization level. Unreasonable hated.
76561198085325795,Recommended,292730,26461966,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ZEGREATONE,"Great campaign. Hated all of the campaigns since BO2, but this one does a great job at making it serious and fun again. There is a lot of hate for this games different approach for its campaign, but I REALLY like it!"
76561197993403593,Recommended,292730,26589884,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PFunk,"I'm going to recommend this game with an enormous caveat.  Don't get it for the Infinite Warfare title, get it for MW Remastered.  The Infinite Warfare title has a good single player experience, but the MP is relatively boring.  The space battles and dogfights are absolutely outstanding and worth the price of admission, but you will see none of that in MP.The MW Remastered title holds up really well and my dinky little Alienware Alpha runs it like a champ."
,Recommended,292730,30212848,Posted: 26 February,all,kakka_rot,"I really, really enjoyed the campeign on this one.If you're not into Multiplayer like I am, it is an absolute blast. I have no idea what all the complaining is about, it seems more like one big cirlejerk to me."
76561198081734668,Not Recommended,292730,30214302,Posted: 26 February,all,FL0,.
,Not Recommended,292730,26411639,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dick Dawg,just requested a refund after an hour this was not what i expected ive never given up on a cod game this quick
76561198323631179,Recommended,292730,29069793,Posted: 6 January,all,Ninja,"Loved the zombies in it, but I feel like they basically just copied Black Ops 3. But still amazing. The fact that in zombies instead of knifing zombies, you either hit them over the head with a bottle, slap them, punch them or stick a spoon into them. Creative!"
76561198093536709,Recommended,292730,29078034,Posted: 6 January,all,Castiel,cool
,Not Recommended,292730,32893291,Posted: 27 June,all,cheshire,d
,Recommended,292730,30230547,Posted: 27 February,all,Swig_Kang,I'm gonna support Infinty Ward and do not care about the hate that this game has. This game is good but you need to be good to play multiplayer as well. Do not blame Infinity Ward for this because they had to develop this game 3 years before hand in order to produce a product on they're year to produce a product. How would they know that jetpacks and futuristic gameplay died off because they would already been done with the game after all of BO3's season pass ended. They would have had to put a product out there because activsion wants the money that is why they would have made all those prototype weapons and weapon crates.This game is so brilliant and i really enjoyed the story of the campaign and multiplayer just felt great. Zombies in space land is also amazing because it's just for fun and not anything serious. I'm am a little disapointed in the attention the pc community is getting.In the end Infinity Ward have only done what they thought was right they are only human after all so keep it up Infiinity Ward.
76561198088836807,Not Recommended,292730,33417743,Posted: 9 July,all,SirPuffy17,this game is for cunnts
76561198282040904,Recommended,292730,30268389,Posted: 1 March,all,Death Soul,"I know other people would say ""dont buy infinite warfare because its trash"" but i highly suggest that you play it. I know people want the game to be boots on the ground but still try it. If you dont like it then you can always get a refund. Infinite warfare is just like black ops 3 but infinity ward's version. Overall i would recommend buying this game."
76561198356615330,Recommended,292730,29689894,Posted: 4 February,all,Xlewis,a very fun game you should really buy it
76561198042455055,Recommended,292730,29575675,Posted: 29 January,all,Warlord of Rictus,Honestly the best storyline ever in call of duty and most of the gameplay is solid.
,Recommended,292730,28575428,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TwiTzer,Great game need a good computer
,Not Recommended,292730,29490498,Posted: 25 January,all,Full Time Pimp,yo fucc this pussi boy white boy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028723517,Not Recommended,292730,26449870,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,fatmandeuce,"Campaign doesn't really make sense, multiplayer is recycled and the same. On top of all that there's a framerate cap. Like seriously? Have been doing a ton of research and can't seem to get a straight answer. Can you do splitscreen for the zombies?. In black ops 3 i know you can since i have a steam link that i use when my friends come over. Doesn't seem to give me the option to add a second controller. If somebody knows for sure let me know please so i can decide to get a refund or not."
,Recommended,292730,29593209,Posted: 30 January,all,[OTG] Mikes,"Hands down one of the best COD campaigns in history, right up there with Modern Warfare, if not better, in case you like SciFi. ;-)Don't care much about the multiplayer, but if you do enjoy single player shooters, this is where it's at. Tightly scripted story, believable characters and awesome setpieces."
76561197971208985,Not Recommended,292730,30109790,Posted: 22 February,all,MCW-Shrapnel,"I have a computer that ranks, in the top 5 percent of all BenchMarks.And I have 35+ years experience in gaming and computing.Frame rates 60 to 175 fps and a SD drive.But could not get it to play the cutsceens without jitters and hickups.And it's mostly cut sceens.This game has got to be the worst  ever produced by COD.Campain is less then 10 hours, probably 8 of that is cutsceens.Another hour, trying to fly a spaceship using just a mouse, (We own hundreds of dollars worth of controlers duh).These flying missions are realy the single, worst idea ever.I could not care less about the multiplayer. (can't find any serious adults to play with)I start the game.It jumped into cutsceens, without even allowing me to set anything up, and I was not allowed to skip the teribly jerky and anoying cutsceens for 10 minutres.COD was my favorite.Now they just keep on making these elaborate  C movies that tell you to press a key, every once in a while.They should makeup there minds are they making movies or games.As a movie it would be good, if it was stable, but the sceens suffer from all manor of jitters and poorly synchroniized anamation.Even on my monster machine.Only a half hour, into playing it, and I was ready to give up, on this franchise, even though I purchased everything they made since day 1.I wan't to play the game not be played by it.So I think they need to  get back to making real games.I almost did not finish playing this crap, even though it costs more then a full day's pay to buy it.But the game was over way before I even got to play, or even learn anything about the weapons or anything else.I may as well just have rented a movie.It's total bull crap, space battles, flying ships without proper controls.Getting realy taunting videos with uniteligible voicing, poping up in mid battle totaly covering your view ?.YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE FIGHTING AND EVERYONE IS ALWAYS SCREEMING AT YOU TO WIN THE BATTLE.if you are lucky enough not to have spent your hard earned money, yet.DON'T waste it on this crap.Crazy BAD,BAD,BAD...It's so bad, that it is the first COD ever,  that I have almost abandoned, having played it, for about 45 minutes.The last few COD's where bad but this is ridiculous.I just can't play it, it's just too stupid.The COD franchise is dead, this one proves it."
,Recommended,292730,27630918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DamnelXL2,"Well , i might would just say this: this game is a nice game if you like BO3, if you are a player who likes competitive so don't buy this game or play MWR if you are going to buy both of the games, anyway this game isn't in the best position with all of the hackers and so, but i hope they will update the game for a better content (even though there aren't many PC players atm) hope that this review helps :)"
,Recommended,292730,30227282,Posted: 27 February,all,Jerichoo,Actually this game is something between Black Ops 3 and Modern Warfare 2 and i would say this time combo of those 2 games are made successfully. I liked this game and i would recommend it to CoD fans.
,Not Recommended,292730,30248733,Posted: 28 February,all,PrimeOnLSD,its gut
,Recommended,292730,26442402,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nnaus🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋,"Feels good to play, and mwr is nice too."
76561198008604547,Recommended,292730,26447221,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hot Jupiter,"Love the campaign. It's COD with a pinch of Mass Effect, narrated well and visually stunning."
76561198041547955,Recommended,292730,26469097,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,proch,"So before I post this, please keep these following two things in mind:-This is only the second C.O.D. game I have ever played, thus, I may not have had similar expectations to long time fans of the series-I really enjoy sci-fi and thus, that boosted my opinion of the gameMoving on,I thought it was a decent game, I really enjoyed the story, reminded me heavily of the 2003 Battlestar Galactica, minus the extermination of an entire species, but I digress. I found that the game looked particularly good, even though I had to run it on medium settings due to my older computer. I found that I became rather involved with the story, and, really feeling for certain charecters. As a matter of fact, in my opinion the charecters are actually pretty decent. Also, this may or may not be important to some people, but the music in the game is actually extremely good, and, worth a listen. I really can't say anything regarding multiplayer, as I have not really started involving myself with it.Final score, 8/10was rather fun to gallivanting around the solar system in the space equivelent of a Nimitz-Class Carrier. Worth a buy"
,Recommended,292730,26441498,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Khlilo,"I think it's a great deal, you're just paying extra 20 dollars for Infinite Warfare."
76561198196370635,Recommended,292730,26651707,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sakat,very good
,Recommended,292730,26652885,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fax,I like the game
,Recommended,292730,26462171,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Erebus,"The game is great and everything, but it should run around 50-100 fps like bo3. Now I need to get a new PC. THX Infinity Ward!!!!!!!!!!! But srsly its a good game and the MP combat is smooth. I just hoped it would run well on my PC like bo3...Cod 4 Remastered: Takes forever to load into a game (2+min), has many glitches, or just doesn't work at all."
76561197970329460,Recommended,292730,26510528,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Aeneas2020,"Quick SP Review with Spoilers:Ok so there is a lot of hate going around for this game but let me tell you, from an SP point of view only, the game isn't bad. In fact I would say it is the best COD campaign since the MW series. The pacing is good, the missions are tight and the characters are generally well written and acted. The villian is a little weak and under used however the story is decent if not amazing.They have done a good job of making the gameplay and weapons feel grounded in reality despite the game being set in space. Although for someone who is familiar with real world weapons a lot of these are clearly just reused assets with more high tech ""bits"" stuck on them, which is a little dissapointing.My main gripe with the game *spoilers* is that they decide to kill off pretty much everyone in the final act of the game. What should have carried an emotional punch as one of two well written characters die loses impact after basically your entire crew die melodramatic and heroic deaths. You are supposed to care for these people but I find it hard to care for my former crewmate after I've had 2 lines of dialogue with him throughout the whole campaign and especially after he is the 3rd or 4th such crewmate i've lost in as many minutes. IW when you make these games 1 or 2 deaths carries impact, 763 doesn't.Having said all of that the campaign is tight and the gameplay is good. In a year of vastly superior SP shooters like Doom and Titanfall 2 (seriously buy Titanfall 2 it's frickin awesome) COD IW delivers a solid campaign but it's probably worth waiting for a sale before picking it up.7.5/10"
,Recommended,292730,26605332,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Burter.★,Fight in space lul
76561198018109398,Recommended,292730,26680958,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nab,Nice well done job devs
,Recommended,292730,26704092,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,danielbronstein,Don't care what the haters say. This game is frickin' beautiful in 4K.
76561198318337189,Recommended,292730,26740135,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Brie,"This game is literally the best Futuristic COD Game I Have ever played! And I have played all the COD Games!Call of duty is going in the best direction possible. COD Is a 'fan' based company! If they make a game, and people dont like it, those people aren't fans and in my opinion they shouldn't even buy it and have cods site blocked and shouldnt enter steam COD pages to see the game!!!!Now for the fans, this game is awesome, you'll love it and the modes are as always the best over battlefield! There are no huge maps, like BF1, OR SORRY, all the battlefields!!!!!!You can get the best gameplay with every single gun in the game! Which is why the game is so well balanced! Players with similar K/D ratio will face together and also Player with similar W/L ratio will play against each other.The gameplay is consistent!, I have looked into it that much, but I think PC had has dedicated servers, but even if it didn't, it wouldnt be a problem, because I have beastly internet!For the Performance on PC, the minimum requirements will have you run the game at 60fps, and if you fulfill the requirements by a mile your game will run at 91 fps! Even on everything turned off, because the FPS is capped, which they'll probably fix in the near future!I would totally recommend this game, and even though less players are on it, you should still buy it! Black Friday is here so get it then! MWR sucks as of now, I mean seriously? ♥♥♥♥ing 80 fov? Why dont you GFY!!!!!+WOULD BUY+SPEND A 100 BUCKS ON IT IF YOU HAVE TO"
76561198119524249,Recommended,292730,27873304,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZTZ Reaper ZTZ,"I really just don't get the hate for this game.I thought the campaign was absolutely amazing. The gun's felt useful - every single item you had one you was useful and was needed. The story had me a nervous wreck by the end. If anything buy it just for the amazing campaign on saleMultilplayerI am yet to play much of the multiplayer, however from what little I have seen I can say that is defiantley some of the most balanced gun fights COD has seen in a long time. The weapons feel just as solid as the campagin ones, the class creation is top notch and everything just seems so right.ZombiesWhat more can I say? The zombies will be a refreshing return for any fans of Treyarches gamemode.Modern Warfare RemasteredIf you are still against buying Infinite Warfare for itself- buy an exqusitely remastered edition that is well optimized and plays just like the orginal, if not slightly better.ConclusionThis game was great and defiantley a title I will be returning to. I feel like most of the hate directed against it during the run up to the launch date simply boiled over and blinded people from actually trying to enjoy this great game (I too was one of those people who expected it to be a wee bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ but It was on sale and I coud't help myself.)8.5/10 A great game and one of the freshest Call of Duty expeirnces since the original Black Ops."
,Recommended,292730,27555724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kalixo,I hate that people are hating on this game just for the movement style. Personally i love the game and think people should give it  a try. Definatly recomend this game.
76561198175579263,Recommended,292730,28273444,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ByAli,Good game. and worth the money
76561198060792683,Recommended,292730,26460272,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,countryneway,Ok thank you dev for NOT letting me play Z0MBIES! fix the damn game put a patch in I did NOT pay 80 bucks and I will put in for a refund if not fixed very very fast!
,Recommended,292730,26482717,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,August Burns Kev,"People are giving this a negative review because of what other people say. The people bashing the game haven't even played it for themselves. I was too saying ""Battlefield 1 WON"" but I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt here. It's not a bad game, it's not spectacular. It's what you expect every year from this series. PLAY IT, HATE IT, THEN♥♥♥♥♥♥TALK IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198212115923,Recommended,292730,26567873,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr.Keh,"""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed.""""Game lobby closed."""
,Not Recommended,292730,30275156,Posted: 2 March,all,Lee Cook,Absolutely garbage...
,Recommended,292730,26574878,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dozer03,"Infinite Warfare is a great Call of Duty Game even though people say they hate it.  People are hating to hate so i'm here to tell you why it is good.  This is a multiplayer and zombies review.Multiplayer Pros-weapons, maps and everything has variety.  game is colorful.  guns and maps feel great.  lots of awesome customizability for create a class and rigs.  Rigs are much better than Black Ops 3's specialists with more option and variety.  There is always a consistent number of people playing this game throughout the whole day.Overall the game is great but there are still some cons that are prettty bad but will probably be fixed soon.Multiplayer Cons-Sensativity slider doesnt have a number and the lowest possible sensativity was to high for me.  Bad lag spikes every once in a while.  constantly kicked out of a match when it is about to start.  There are not a lot of people playing the game but it really isn't effecting me that much.Zombies Pros-It is very colorful.  It has tons of variety.  They changed it up from traditional treyarch zombies.  They listened to the community about things like PHD Flopper and Banana Colada.  Has an easter egg.  It is harder than traditional treyarch zombies.  Makes you want to replay the map over and over again.Those are some amazing pros and honestly I can't say the cons are that bad.Zombies Cons-High round attemps are very hard to stay alive on because it is so much harder than treyarch zombies.  The easter egg is there but it isn't much.The cons for zombies really aren't that bad because it is a great game.  Overall throughout the whole game I would say it is amazing game.  Sorry I didn't do a singleplayer review but I just havn't played it yet but most people don't buy Call of Duty just to play the singleplayer.Overall Rating-8.5/10I would recommend this game to anybody who is a fan of the Call of Duty Franchise."
,Recommended,292730,30156329,Posted: 24 February,all,Yung H♡,BEEST GAME IN THE WORLD IF U HAVE MONEYH I RECOMMEND BUYING 2 COPIES BECAUSE IT'S SO GOOD THAT U CAN HAVE 2 ONE FOR U AND ONE TO BRAG ABOUT AND LOOK COOOL. AND BUY THE WAY VOLDERMORT GO DO BOOTS ON GROUND THEN I WOULD BUY 3 COPIES BUT U MADE SOME REAL NINJA HOVER TAIKWANDO STYLE♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT IS VERY HEARTBREAKING THAT U DONT DO BOOTS ON GROUND!!!!! CUZ U KNOW IM FAT AND CANT RUN LIKE OTHERS SO THEY HAVE ADVANTAGE!!!!!!!! PRAY FOR FAT PEAOPLE THAT CANT JUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292730,30164551,Posted: 25 February,all,TLJRey | csgosmith.com,"Got this game on free weekend, this game is worth buying, I'm thinking of buying this game when the free runs out.The game mechanics are amazing as well as the cosmic atomosphere it gives. Multiplayer is amazing and zombies/campaign I yet to discover. I would recommend playing this game on the free weekend to see if you like it but it's well worth the money if you do decide to buy it."
,Recommended,292730,30260589,Posted: 1 March,all,Blackbirdrw™,"The campain is not that bad, i enjoyed playing it but i wont even try to play mp. bought this game only for mwr.Recomend because of campain."
,Recommended,292730,30259559,Posted: 1 March,all,lol,"Honestly, the campaign isnt too good starting off, the multiplayer is semi decent, but the zombies is what really makes this game good"
76561198016078237,Recommended,292730,26426187,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,dlance,So it begins....fantastic graphics..fantastic story mode..uhmmm multiplayer seems like I am playing quake...very fast paced..just run around and shoot...no lag issues...maybe they can create a crouch mode only or something...I'm hoping the more I play the more it wears me down to start liking the multplayer aspect...
76561198021890772,Not Recommended,292730,30853611,Posted: 31 March,all,walleye,Game SUCKS
76561198138280922,Not Recommended,292730,30246915,Posted: 28 February,all,fl1ckZ,"If u wanna throw away money,buy cod iw FOR PC !U will get special things for 60 €-cancerous community-dead multiplayer-a lot of bugs-a lot of hackers-no anticheatOnly good thing on this game is zombies..."
,Not Recommended,292730,26415086,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Equalmatter ツ,3/10
,Not Recommended,292730,33387771,Posted: 8 July,all,[Pr3D]Pixlin,RUNS LIKE A HORSE WITH NO LEGS
76561198146738103,Not Recommended,292730,35508794,Posted: 5 October,all,CrouchingToasterHiddenPastry,"from the tiny bit I've ben able to play it was fun, that was one mission. The other two missions have been marred by♥♥♥♥♥♥framerates. 15 FPS constant. After mucking about in settings I was able to get a constant fps of around 40ish until I died for the first time after booting the game up. After you die the first time the fps drops to 20 FPS and never raises or lowers."
,Recommended,292730,29663504,Posted: 2 February,all,Ghost,Verry good game.
76561198125886348,Not Recommended,292730,29657666,Posted: 2 February,all,SHOCK3Dx,"this game is trash. That's coming from someone whose not even able to play it. I've tried reinstalling multiple times, I've tried all there is to try and nothing about this game works at all. pure trash"
,Not Recommended,292730,29042900,Posted: 5 January,all,TheMythicalWeebmon,"Almost entirely unplayable without a graphics driver update, Cutscenes loading into zombies and multiplayer were laggy with choppy and out of sync audio.  (Note: I am running an ASUS GeForce 1060 so issues should not be due to graphics card unless the update increases it's performance by like 400% minimum...)"
76561197991815095,Recommended,292730,31897546,Posted: 22 May,all,Esgrove,"This is the first Call Of Duty game that I have played, as a big scifi/space aficionado the setting was the thing that drew me in. It bought it purely for the campaign, and it was a really solid ten hours of quality scifi action. I liked it quite a lot, even though I'm more of a (A)RPG guy. Even the space fighter combat was pretty fun in spite of it being really simplified (coming from someone who has 600+ hours of space piloting in Elite: Dangerous).On the technical side, I had zero problems and the game ran smoothly with a constant 60 FPS on max settings at 2560x1440 with i7-6700K & GTX 1070. The game looks really nice and the animation is really good. Definitely one of the best looking games to date.If you like Mass Effect, you're going the feel right at home here."
,Not Recommended,292730,32919133,Posted: 28 June,all,Madoka,Honestly the worst FPS I ever had in a COD game... Ever....
76561198043981478,Not Recommended,292730,33297674,Posted: 5 July,all,2fast2corn,dont even think abiout it
76561198282103724,Recommended,292730,30523374,Posted: 15 March,all,Dream,"It's a good game TBH, the only thing that makes this game is bad is the internet comments that are very over.At first when the free weekend start i saw that the review is getting worse. Dude, It's free weekend.. and you giving it a bad review even when you play less than an hour?? why you download the game if you don't like the game??Anyway please respect the developer, they've tried even they've failed you.8/10 for Futuristic Call of DutyDoesn't like my review??Look at yourself, the internet makes you dont like this game and my review."
,Not Recommended,292730,30338985,Posted: 5 March,all,Adzy,>Whoops
76561198216027435,Recommended,292730,26419568,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Redfield2701,"Aren’t we sick of peoples so called ""reviews"" that do nothing but slam a game because they can't get it working or have a rig that's far to inferior for them to play the game on?It's Call of Duty: over the top storytelling, explosive set pieces, fast paced multiplayer...not much has changed. For us that enjoy COD for what it is, this is a solid entry into the series. I'm a little surprised buy the lack of detail in faces and textures, it sure is no Metal Gear but I don't think it ever aimed to be in that department. I haven't finished the single player game by the time of writing this but I am interested in the characters and what the story is about thus far. As for multiplayer, it's exactly what you think it'll be, you don't really need to say much more than that about COD online.If Call of Duty is your game, you'll enjoy this title. If you never liked the game or sat on the fence because of its previously mentioned antics, Infinity War is not going to sell you on the Call of Duty name.Either way, I'm liking it and I hope my opinion helped."
76561198147247324,Recommended,292730,33863664,Posted: 28 July,all,Enable | Savage,yez pls
76561198007427669,Not Recommended,292730,33866725,Posted: 28 July,all,Mofflewaffle 😎,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198055559991,Recommended,292730,26416807,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SuperNexus,"Im Happily Suprised by this game, The Campaign is amazing so far although the first mission does seem a bit to ""classic Cod"" with its seemly on rails set design but once you get through that you have a really great experiance on your hands. I havnt tried Muliplayer yet but the Remastered Versions Mulitplayer excites me a lot more. There is a lot of hate for  this game here and i think(know) its unjustified, with one person claiming that it""only runs at 12 fps on his 1080"" which is just wrong, im running it at 80 at 1440p on my 980ti with everything on ultra.Please dont read the haters opinions of the game who are clearly being mean about the game for the sake of it, try it for your self and you will be pleasantly suprised."
,Recommended,292730,26416798,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rolling Scone,"For the game - MPI only had the chance to try out MP only. The game runs very smooth on my gtx 1070 and 6700K. I know I have an above average built so it is not representative to all PC brethren here. If you do have a PC similar to mine that I don't believe you will have a problem.I have logged over 200 hrs on bo3 and the initial transition to iw is uncomfortable at first. I realized that something was off on iw until I set the POV to 110 which is what I had on bo3. Then the ""feel"" is just as good as bo3 if not better. Also iw sets the resolution to 4K supersampling when first launched which makes everything runs slow. I had to set it back to 1080p native than things are A-alright!The MP for is capped at 90-91 and had no problem on my 144hz monitor. I had 50% win-loss records for my first few games and I must say I loved the experience. It was exciting and as fun as when I first on bo3.I am not a long term cod player and I only seriously play cod starting from bo3 so I don't have the burden of nostalgic influence. I think both of these games are great in terms of game play but certainly lacking in some other respects."
,Recommended,292730,26428376,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TacticalBigBoss,cod 4 is #b0ss .. would pay 99.99$ to play cod 4 again10/10
,Not Recommended,292730,33197910,Posted: 3 July,all,devi8trix,"i would like to say that i enjoy multiplayer and the campaign, but this game is just terrible. even with a great ping AND 35-40 fps, i can't hardly play the majority of multiplayer maps without jumpy lag. that may just sound like a bad host connection, but it even continues into the campaign, where a connection isn't required. the game WOULD be fun to play, however i can't recommend it in its current state."
76561198006557658,Not Recommended,292730,33197433,Posted: 3 July,all,major,"I know this game got a critical kicking just after coming out and let’s be real, I only got it because of the saleHowever, it’s like BAD, I mean real BAD just 24 hrs to play on hard (doing some side ops) they bolted on a space story for a game that was clearly intended to be a NAVY aircraft-carry story on the sea!Not in space come on the space ships have runways for landing LOL and no guns on the (under) bottom of the ship (as if you can have a top or side or bottom in space)The underside of any in game ship (apart from your fighter) is impervious to any damage. I parked under one and shot it for a long time with no results:}All in all, still not a barging at half price, even for the DX12 eye candy graphics very predictable ending had a lantern hung on it 5 or six time in the early part of the game so no surprise when it ends.So don’t get it unless its real low-price sub $5.Please I hope the new one is worthy of a AAA franchise game title. Would have been “Not happy” if I had paid full price."
,Recommended,292730,30227075,Posted: 27 February,all,Millertime1989,"Not as bad as people are making out!  I've been playing COD since the original and as for being a complete package it is! The campaign is solid with a decent enough story to keep you engaged till the end. I also really enjoyed being able to pilot a spaceship! It really felt like there was a living galaxy. It is also fun to be able to visit distant planets and each are true to real life. It is also interesting that you can read about each of the planets moons and there history. Overall very enjoyable and different enough to keep it fresh.TIhe multiplayer was a mess in the beginning and not having leaderboards is really a kick in the balls for me, but it is implemented now. I'm now having a blast grinding my way through it! Camos feature a tough challenge which is nice and is keeping me invested. Now everyone knows there is supply drops but I dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly. I dont buy them and never will. For me it keeps me more invested to grind for that rare variant I'm after. It is a bit rediculous how hard it is to get the elite variants though! THey really need to increase the drop rates on elites!THe biggest issue and which I'm pretty sure most players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about, is that the game still uses p2p servers and it is noticeable. There is often times where you get shot even though you were already clearly out of the line of fire. It is not game breaking for me anyway though. I am familiar enough with COD where im used to it but come on, dedicated servers is amust these days!!! Also as far as hackers I've run across only 1 as far as I know. If you are skilled at fps you will have fun with this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,32640467,Posted: 22 June,all,Jayztalk,Honestly I wish I could get a refund... no one even plays it anymore. The campaign is short and uneventful. The last title I played was Black Ops 2 and that was even getting a little bit borderline dumb. I really shouldn't have spent money buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,292730,30202908,Posted: 26 February,all,nacho class of 2009,Multiplayer is trash I had to change my name to under 15 characters to play solo play is trash zombies fun don't wanna pay 60 dollars thou I would pay like 15
,Not Recommended,292730,29127284,Posted: 8 January,all,Darklord_2680,no
,Not Recommended,292730,28639600,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Messiah,im a mo♥♥♥♥in starboy but this videogame giv me heckin concerns as it is as poor as Ethiopia.
,Not Recommended,292730,30183836,Posted: 25 February,all,"Chris ""CJN"" Niiva","I got kicked from every game I joined, haha, I got kicked in my own private match 2"
76561198141272632,Recommended,292730,28573591,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bon bon (loves bonnet,This is the beast game ive ever played i love it all.
,Recommended,292730,26423464,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Smushy,"I would recommend this game but only a couple of months after a few performance patches and hopefully better servers. Infinite Warfare so far is basically BO3, 3D movement feels great but it makes it easy for people to get cheap melee kills. MWR is definitely the highlight for me, it's just as fun as the original but the servers are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and disconnect often."
,Recommended,292730,26423394,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DownCidDrum,The Zombies is great if you are a big zombies player and liked all the different stuff in bo3 then you will like iw zombies. and also update your graphics drivers so the game runs good.
76561198140400148,Not Recommended,292730,28944491,Posted: 2 January,all,RabbitohRager,"Call of duty need to quit this awful booster pack, sliding, wall running nonsense. Cut out this futuristic crap and return to the roots that got call of duty to where it is today."
76561198180380081,Recommended,292730,29792132,Posted: 8 February,all,LegionsCrusher,I had been hesitating on buying this game for a while due to so many negative reviews. I wish I hadn't waited so long! It's is a fantastic game. The campaign is amazing and the multi-player is exactly what you should expect from call of duty! I hardly ever post reviews but I felt like I need to change some people's minds that maybe have been sitting on the fence like me. The only drawback is there is not nearly as many people playing online as there is on the consoles so that is why you need to buy the game and get online!!
,Recommended,292730,31069340,Posted: 10 April,all,Lucas,I PLAY THE MWR
,Recommended,292730,26528039,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fields of Wheat,Infinite Warfare: Basically BO3MWR: Great when you're not being murdered by aimbots. Infinity ward/steam need to start banning people.
,Recommended,292730,26712839,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mischief Maker,I enjoy the game greatly as I do with all of my COD games. The story is great as well as the level length and content. Bugs are still an issue but all in all a good game. An update for campaign would be nice as I would like to finish Operation Burn Water without experiencing looping therefore not being able to finish it.
76561198112716417,Recommended,292730,26758553,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bbeck[BlueWolf],"As far as the campaign goes, it was one of the best Call of Duty stories I have ever played. It had that combination of a great action game, a great story, and great content. Haven't tried multiplayer though, heard it's not so great. XD"
,Recommended,292730,26511227,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,spookyB ;),"So far, Remastered has far outclassed IW, which doesn't say much. IW is poorly optimized, the same CoD from the past few, and doesn't feel like anything special. That said, Remaster is fantastic. It's awesome to revist Price and co. while having a better time looking at it. Multiplayer is simpe, keeping with original CoD's ideas. The one problem with it is loading screens, as you can easily be kicked from game for having to wait too long, and in campaign, I'm literally sitting here writing this review waiting for ""The Bog"" to load. It's pretty ridiculous, but it's been worth it thus far for me."
76561197993648038,Recommended,292730,26572825,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Murdershy,The single player expience was great ! It is short which pretty much expected from any Call of duty game but I found it very intense and enjoyable none the less.
76561198046620506,Recommended,292730,26442294,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Misshapen Dragon,"Seems a much better port than CoD:AW . running smothly at a nice stable 60fps . its call of duty . over the top set piece's with a story trying to take itself a tad seriously but a good game nonetheless. the multiplayer seems fine , small maps and sometimes a bit of latency thats bound to happen when using the style of matchmaking thats in place are my only gripes but they are not all that bad.8/10 Decent , well ported . pretty in 4k"
76561197974114214,Recommended,292730,26499104,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,spectar82,"This game is amazing.  I have not gotten too deep into zombies and multiplayer but the campaign is the heart of this game.  All the characters were very well voiced and written, the missions never really dragged out.  There was an intensity and urgency in the storyline that has been absent since the modern warfare series.  I felt very connected to the characters in this game and the connection to them carries through into the ending credits.  I bought the 100-dollar package and I have not really gotten in the modern warfare remake because the campaign in infinity warfare was remarkable.  There was no cliff hanger ending but it left it open to potentially expanding the storyline which I really hope they do with the season pass.  It would be nice to see more story expansions for once when it comes to call of duty. Multiplayer is nice but a good story in a game is about on the level with watching a season of your favorite show over again because you enjoyed it.  Plus you won’t feel like you wasted your money on a season pass when a new call of duty comes out and the multiplayer lobby eventually becomes empty because people are playing the new stuff.  Besides typing my hopes and dreams for season pass, I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to forget about the world for a while and enjoy a good story."
,Recommended,292730,26526540,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zephyrrr,SO FUN!!!
,Recommended,292730,26679432,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,^1BIGGS,"Its Cod fun to wreak plenty of ez killz and ways to play but like bo3 if you use kb+m there is weird input lag you dont get in cs/ow or any other real fps made for pc. That bugs me a lot. i got sick of it in bo3 and in this game it feels worse, same with MWR. if you wana buy a shooter like this get Titanfall 2"
,Recommended,292730,26756800,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Osiiy,Campaign - 10/10Multiplayer - 7/10Zombies - 10/1010/10 would buy it again
,Recommended,292730,26579309,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,GamingTechDude,Straight into pros and cons:PROS: Excellent single player and zombiesMultiplayer is goodWeapons are mostly balancedRanking up is well rounded upConsLag issues even with good computerMultiplayer server needs a bit of workOverall I would say it's mostly worth it if it's your first cod
76561198052117829,Recommended,292730,26777935,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dark-otaku,a great game
76561198104515029,Recommended,292730,27742166,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Syko_eclips3,Really good game if you dont want the multiplayer. it kills it. if you want to just sit back and play some fun zombies or a good campaign its the game for you.
76561198139662712,Recommended,292730,27588040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scooba-Steve,"Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is good in some areas and horrible in othersCampain is the best one we had since Modern Warfare, which is easy to say because I can play both. It is actually good. I cared about what I was doing a lot more than the past COD. The dogfighting is amazing and so are the missions variety. Honestly that is one of the reasons you should buy the game.Multi-player is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is exactly the same from black ops 3. All the cool things they did in the campain are not in this mode. The time to kill is very low to the point every gun is the same. Also this mode feels more pay to win here than before. Now the only good thing this mode has is player progression and player customization. Don't buy the game for this modeZombies was always my favorite mode. Here they helped remover some of the annoying things from the mode. Like how when you die you lose all your guns; if you have enough points you can retrieve them. So this mode is wroth buying.Few other good things about the game is you can see better graphics, easily. Also the guns are familier to modern warfare. As soon as i used one I can tell which one mimics the M4A1 and the AK47. Guns here are more fun to use.Downside is the feeling of more payed to win and the♥♥♥♥♥♥Multi-Player. I got bored after one day and the split user base from Xbox means only one mode most of the time. The game does earn the 60 dollars and barely earns the 80 dollar edition with remastered, that is a good remake. Good old modern warfare with better graphics. I recommend this game if you want a good single player exp, or a fan of zombies. Not for the multi-player. I do suggest get the 80 dollar version if you want a solid shooter with boots on the ground. The game actually did really well in a lot of areas but did the same in the bad. Hope this review helps."
,Recommended,292730,27409700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Seal,its ok
76561198087658645,Recommended,292730,27746874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fb||Sniper98,"Excellent game! There are some glitches that i'm sure the devs will fix, but the storyline, weapons, and new features are all awesome!"
76561198316262391,Recommended,292730,28291832,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zyphoid,"This game is most likely one of the best COD games Ive played, but I still like COD2 Best alot better. I'd rather buy the game for $200 than buy this!"
76561198255362285,Recommended,292730,28475296,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ScarStrike,Very fun game get killed fast but it that means you get kills fast too Modern Warfare Remastered is also a great game very similar to the original. Zombies is amazing easy to round 20
,Recommended,292730,27049443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,youwantmycurry,Zombies is fun
,Recommended,292730,27390313,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HowChunks-LiT-,Very good game!
76561198333120410,Recommended,292730,28106845,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Alex 36 ♥ #PLANTING,so so good
76561198179483330,Recommended,292730,28255032,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,subhan042,Atleast in this game Jon snow knows something. Mars Aeturnum. For the Mars.
,Not Recommended,292730,26460340,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mogit,"Could you possibly remaster the loading screens too? I mean it's a pretty loading screen and all, brings back memories. But that doesn't mean I wanna be looking at it for the entirety of a match"
,Recommended,292730,26480293,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Donfox,"awesome gamecampaign most lovely shooter campaign  i playedi cried when the campaign was done , not gonna tell otherwise spoilers"
,Not Recommended,292730,26436766,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,XenoLocke,"Refunded.  Horrible mouse acceleration that made aiming impossible.  Also, tried the new Zombies mode and it was not what I was expecting. The 80s theme is cool but there are much better co-op zombie survival experiences out there.Overall not what I expected and a crappy Playstation 4 port.  Refunded and bought Titanfall 2 and have been having a blast with it."
,Recommended,292730,28169231,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,.:MSK:.Hawk,"This review is only dedicated to Multiplayer.The multiplayer experience is pretty good I have to say, better then I expected. It does indeed has some let downs, but they are being fixed, or just aren't that big of a deal. Everyone is saying that their so no Anti-cheat System. They are 100% wrong, the game does indeed have a built in Anti-cheat. The game is new, so there are bond to be some cheaters. Infinity ward are currently collecting Intel on the situation and will be doing a big ban wave pretty soon!The Textures of the game are amazing, but that's not a surprise for them.The maps are totally different to what we have seen on the other generation of cod games.The guns and killstreaks are also pretty cool. They have added in some new killstreaks which I really like.Overall I love the game <3"
76561198058348813,Recommended,292730,33660890,Posted: 19 July,all,=SWFT= Kix,Super fun!
,Recommended,292730,26550773,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,{GFA}Wikus,"Skipped every COD since MW2... This one got me interested again.Payed the 60 bucks for SP only not going to touch multiplayer.I am a big Sci-Fi fan so this was made for me.Single player was fun and I loved them dogfights (do not expect Star Citizen flight control)Only thing I was missing is some creepy mystery or alien content and bigger boss fightsbut this is a personal preference.These people at Infinity Ward know what good Sci_Fi looks like.It is still COD of course so you ""just"" get to shoot stuff most of the time... no♥♥♥♥♥♥That story is lovely and it reminds me of my time fighting the Helghast at Killzone."
76561198007225917,Recommended,292730,33128411,Posted: 2 July,all,Lucifer 666,This game have been better and better love it and always love to do my emblems and calling cards <3
76561198256993637,Not Recommended,292730,26412743,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,sanjit_singh123,The multiplayer feels really clunky
76561198112498184,Recommended,292730,30183084,Posted: 25 February,all,PhoenixIsSleepy,"Like zombies? Buy it. Don't listen to idiots who just like to say Infinite Warfare is bad. Unless you have a group you will be playing solo. Dont even try to find a public lobby, you never will and if you do they will leave.This game has a much better experience on console but if you have a group or a friend to play with get it on pc on sale. Zombies is really fun and Lee Ross is an excelent community manager. If you need a group try the r/cdzombies discord.My system:Keep in mind I run this game at 1440pi7-6700k @ 4.6ghz1060FTW 3gb16gb Corsair Vengence DDR4 ram 2x8I average about 60-70 fps (again I play in 1440p)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30226496,Posted: 27 February,all,Dynamack,I'm going to put as much effort into this review as Activision do with the Call of Duty series.Awful.
,Recommended,292730,26415877,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DucreuxMeme,Absolutely stunning.  FAR BETTER than anyone is wanting to admit!!
,Not Recommended,292730,34268424,Posted: 15 August,all,NateLB,"Don't even know how bad this game is, we all know people only bought it for MWR"
,Recommended,292730,30184562,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr. Nobody | Solidsn4ke.com,search for a game for a hour and load in just to get disconnected the second i see select loadout. 10/10 would never recommend.
76561197998673274,Recommended,292730,26463474,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NELDOGZ,"One of the best Call of Duty games I have ever played. Graphics, audio and gameplay are amazing. This game is truly a memorable expereince. Thank you Infinity Ward!"
76561198133795674,Recommended,292730,28719145,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Raycecar,"Ok, so Infinite Warfare is actually amazing. MWR, on the otherhand, is garbage. maybe it's because i don't have fond memories of it, but it's terrible. The campaign is good, not the multyplayer"
,Recommended,292730,28720889,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,robertipu,Fantastic singleplayer. Worth every penny.
76561198015999723,Not Recommended,292730,33129164,Posted: 2 July,all,Your_ego,"unplayable. my laptop is well about the min specs but im getting a crazy 9 to 15 frams a second with everyting on lowest setting, worst 30 bucks iv ever spent.i7 8gb ran windows 10 gtx 960m, any sugestions"
,Recommended,292730,26724916,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GR33D7,How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
,Not Recommended,292730,30128186,Posted: 23 February,all,Adiwitko_,Just go play something better.
76561198025324297,Recommended,292730,30284209,Posted: 2 March,all,stephen.howells1976,works better on ultra great and sounds good 19.99 a great pirce .
,Recommended,292730,30196218,Posted: 26 February,all,Redbl0odx,"I have only played for a very short while, but I enjoyed what I played.I feel like I am the only person who actually prefers these games to keep going into the future, or staying futuristic, with the mobility and stuff like that.I loved AW, I loved Black Ops 3. So far I am liking this one. I am sad that I probably wont have the money to buy it once the free weekend is up, but I'll probably be buying it at some point.Seriously some of these people need to calm down. It's a decently fun game that preforms well, and looks pretty good."
,Recommended,292730,30404644,Posted: 9 March,all,GodGiven,"very cool game,cool new futurist weapons.made a terrific work on the senario and the actors.i loved very much the Jackals Missions (Space combat), the space assault.bref i loved it"
,Recommended,292730,35489956,Posted: 5 October,all,Attack Dog 2,"This is the Call of Duty to buy. Yep, this is the one. Look no further."
76561197982165029,Not Recommended,292730,33393098,Posted: 8 July,all,smarkscol,This is the worst Call of Duty game I have ever purchased.  It will not run on Steam and crashes after a few minutes of  startup
,Not Recommended,292730,29048873,Posted: 5 January,all,nVs 70UCH,dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,292730,30277032,Posted: 2 March,all,Arsix,Nah.
,Recommended,292730,26473234,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SegwayRulz,"If you enjoy military science fiction, and enjoy Call of Duty for the singleplayer, I highly reccommend this.Space battles are a fun addition to the campaign and having side missions really changes the pace up.If they hadn't slapped the Call of Duty name on this game, people would be praising this."
,Not Recommended,292730,30133219,Posted: 23 February,all,CrudeToons,"Multiplayer is broken, zombies are just a child like dulled down version of bo3's, and the campaign is so unbelievably garbage it makes me want to shove a HUGE carrot in my a$$."
,Recommended,292730,26470655,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,G4LLOWBRAIID,"So many bad reviews but yet I really enjoyed it. The graphics were fantastic and The story was the best out of the series yet. Being in a leading role made you feel more in charge of the game instead of being told where to go and what to do all the time like in previous COD's so they did a great job changing that aspect of the game. There was also some light humour in the game coming from Ethan the robot which was refreshing and made me chuckle a few times. Infinity Ward did exactly what they set out to do with the game and that was to make it personal and for you to be more emotionally attached to the characters, I tip my hat to you Infinity Ward."
76561198170042469,Recommended,292730,26464029,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Oath. Birdman,"Fun game, don't understand all the negative reviews lol."
76561198168213058,Not Recommended,292730,26410841,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RoofPig™,Do yourself a favour and buy Battlefield 1 instead. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is cancerous. R.I.P. C.O.D. 2016
76561198037724436,Recommended,292730,26495739,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Esquire,"What's all that negative rubbish is about? Some muppets have played for 15 min and moan (wtf?). Im not having any tech issues with GTX970, stable 60 fps. Gameplay is very good, enjoying the campaign so far.I've not played much CoD before and just wanted a fun shooter to smash few arses after work and that's what the game delivers quite well. Glad I've not believed these moaning crap reviews which must be mainly due to hardware problems or some mental issues many youngters have these days."
76561198085592280,Not Recommended,292730,30156913,Posted: 24 February,all,Imthebush,Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk you Fk youoh btw i got on ps4 first and i got it on here for free just so i can say F**k you\
,Recommended,292730,26457020,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sy,"I'll blame the largely negative reviews on the classic ""MUH CALL DOOTS, GOTS TO HATE"" bandwagonning that likely happens every year, because let me be frank- this game doesn't deserve it.In my opinion this is the best optimised game for call of duty for as long as I can remember, now granted I've only been playing CoD on PC since Modern Warfare 3, but this is the best optimised on launch out of any CoD game since that point. Considering I have a 1080 series and an I7-6700K I thought that might just be my rig. But nope, I asked around with friends that had low end 900 GPUs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CPUs and they all said it was running like butter as well. In fact, Infinite Warfare is the better out of the two PC call of duty games released this year, MWR is real shoddy.Campaign: Haven't completed it yet, but I'd say I'm around the half way point. The campaign is the best call of duty campaign I have ever played, and I've played every call of duty that has ever been released. There's emotion in the characters, the locations are astounding and the storyline is fantastic (If a little bit inspired by Total Recall). It takes what Black Ops 3 tried to do with the choose-your-own-mission path and does it better, and without any mind bendy stupid story archs. Campaign is a blast, and it elevates Call of Duty to new highs.Multiplayer: Most people don't buy Call of Duty for the Campaign, they buy it for the multiplayer. Which is a shame, becuase this campaign really is just stacked with content. But anyway, this multiplayer is an okay to good experience. I've been having a lot of fun with it, but I'm wary of commenting too much because I know that at the moment I am in that classic CoD honeymoon period, and my opinion could drastically change in a few months. What I do know is that the maps are solid, the weapons are fun and the game is well optimised. To my knowledge it works on Peer-to-peer and not dedicated servers, that's pretty much the only downside I can see at the moment.Zombies: The first time Infinity Ward have pulled zombies, and I have to say I was skeptical at first being a long time Treyarch zombies fan. However, this Zombie mode is absolutely astounding. It has a few bugs, Brutes and zombies sometimes getting stuck and not moving anymore, and there is the annoying Revive sequence where you have to pick up your gun form lost and found and you will probably die. Other than that, the map is really vibrant, colourful and fun. It is a completely different take on zombies and even though it builds on what Treyarch originally created with a lot of the same basic principles, it feels very different. Basically, this aint no Exo-Zombies."
76561198024320828,Not Recommended,292730,26453895,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,KollaneKala,"This game is bad.Edit:Call Of Duty 2 was great game to start with. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was awesome,because it changed everything but kept the fun teamplay and balance between classes. Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 was the beginning of bad games. Maps and weapons were awesome but goodbye teamplay with that dynamic servers. Similar things apply to MW3, BO, BO2 etc.Now we have Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare with Modern Warfare Remastered. MW were supposed to be same as original but with new graphics. In reality it looks same but everything else has changed. No more dedicated servers, game laags on latest rigs (DOA), you can't open console, mouse setting are either fast or slow, can't disable mouse acceleration and the list goes on.COD:IW is MLG gameplay to all. 95% of ppl are in TDM. TDM estimated life span is 15 - 25 sec. You either spawn in front of enemy, run into just spawned enemies, camp and get knifed behind or get killed by 1shot5kills weapon. Any other ""slower"" mode were you maybe can use tactics has no players. Also has this CAN'T DISABLE MOUSE ACCELERATION crap.I bought this game because I wanted to play COD:MW. In reality COD:MW is DOA and COD:IW is just bad game. If you have lots of money or believe commercials go ahead and buy this game or if you want same experience take 80€ and set it on fire (same thing), otherwise don't bother buying this game."
,Recommended,292730,26442873,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kauw<3 | 埃米爾,"First of all. I'm no cod fanboy, I actually come from the Counter Strike community.As most people will do, I started of playing Call of Duty : Modern Warfare Remastered: And it is honestly horribly optimized, and on that note, I do understand all of the negativity, but, if you try to open the game you're ""actually"" buying, you'll see, that they honestly did a great job! It's well opimized and looks great, with a rock solid 60FPS, and in my opinion, even better than Black Ops 3. The only bad thing is, that it's in the future, which basically no one wants.It's obvoius, that Infinity Ward, didn't make the remake!So if you're into the future, then go ahead, purchase it!And if you're only buying this for Modern Warfare Remastered, go ahead, but only if you've got a high end PC."
,Recommended,292730,26445802,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SuperSonicSad,"Okay to be honest the game isn't perfect, but with some more bug fixes the game will be way better than the previous game ""Call of Duty♥♥♥♥♥♥Ops 3"" At first I only got this to play remastered, but I ended up also downloading IW. IW isn't super bad, the sniping needs some work and both Remastered and IW need some optimization fixes. If you're looking to get this I would wait until the game is either on sale or until there are some more updates and fixes, but with that said. The game isn't that baad it's way better than bo3, ghosts, and advanced♥♥♥♥♥♥fare. So that's my review"
,Recommended,292730,26482473,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Southern Gamer | YouTube,"I am honestly tired of all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is getting. People are complaing because they didnt get what they wanted so then go play somthing else dont be on here calling this game♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its pretty clear its just not for you. I personaly love the game, it is way better than Black Ops 3. Keep up the good work Infinity Ward!"
76561198075033201,Recommended,292730,26428527,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pwbiggy,"To all those wondering how the game runs, there are 2 pc's in my house with the following specs: (dont hate, the fx rig is my personal rig soon to be upgraded) as far as in game time, this is only showing the fx rig, the other rig has its own account and own game.I have not yet played the remaster so my fps listed is not for both games, but i will update my review later when i do try it out. -The 3 game modes were played one hour each on each system-fx 832016gb ramgtx 970with the game completely maxed out at 1080p all effects as high as they can be, the lowest fps i have had was 56 and an average of 67,the other older rig: phenom x4 810, 8gb ram and an r9 270settings are mixed with low to medium and runs lowest fps of 53 and average of 62.To me, the game seems fairly optimized, and as such, should be able to run fine on most systems in the last few years. so to all those saying that thier 1080's and 1070's are not getting over 60 fps, they are completely wrong and just posting a bad review because its a cod game.As far as the gameplay its self, the game seems pretty decent.Sure its a bit different feeling compared to bo3. However, after playing 3 hours so far on my main rig and messing around on the old rig for a few hours, the game is not as slow as i felt it was the first 5 minutes in. The longer you play, the more you feel the speed and overall mechanics tie in well.The zombies mode, while similar and yet quite different form previous treyarch games, retains most of the core. You have a perk system, points system, powerups, etc. It does have its own feel though and is the main reason getting this game(and also the remaster, more on that in a bit). so far the zombies mode has kept me entertained and will put in more playtime and update the review as i see fit.Overall, most negative reviews that i have seen are due to cod haters and the fact that the mw1 remaster cannot be bought seperatly at this current time. I really hope that they do the right thing and release the game as a seperate purchase.Obviously campaign has not been finished in the 3 hours as of writing this, but was played to get my performance numbers. So at this time i will not comment on my thoughts of the campaign but will edit later when i finish."
76561198137905900,Recommended,292730,26443851,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blamheadshot,Buy Modern Warfare 2 instead.I got infinite depression
76561197970734224,Recommended,292730,26429371,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,StealthKK,"Titanfall 2 has this plus TITANS. It's so cool, big mechs that you control to kill everyone. If you haven't played it, you should. I've played all the FPS games and I can now finally say that Titanfall 2 has won. BF1 is terrible (yes i've played it and returned it). CoD IW is good but it's the same old same old. The same experience as the last of them. So I'll let you be the judge of what you want: Titanfall 2 or CoD IW.P.S. you should get Titanfall 2."
76561198039287905,Recommended,292730,30239659,Posted: 28 February,all,Lynx1407,"I was sceptical at first when i saw the reviews, but it turns out to be a great game. I do not know why most people are hating on it."
,Recommended,292730,26489211,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,sleepeh yukeh,"The game had been practically killed off by the internet before its release.I'm so glad i chose to give it a chance anyway.Note: Can be pretty demanding. Make sure your computer checks out on the spec requirements before buying.SINGLEPLAYER:The singleplayer of this game is alone enough to warrant the full price. The story and gameplay is amazing - the weapons are insanely cool, and the shooting feels solid. The recent cod games after MW3 have been lacking, but i personally think this is the best game in the series. Its like a mix of Halo, Destiny, Mass Effect and Call of Duty, and it feels great! I havent enjoyed a singleplayer shooter this much since Halo 3, seven years ago.Space combat. Extremely satisfying.9/10 singleplayer.MULTIPLAYER: The multiplayer, on one hand, has solid gameplay - in theory. It feels responsive and there is no noticeable game-induced lag. The mechanics work well, as usual, though unlocks and ranking up can feel a little cluttered, but that may be a personal flavour.As of right now there are not that many players, so there are few playlists that can find a connection.The maps feel very small and cluttered, and spawns are awkwardly close to each other. You will get shot in the back almost as often as you do in Advanced Warfare, and the only way to use sniper rifles is to learn to quick scope or to sit in a corner. The game could really use some larger, more open maps to accomodate a lot of their weapons, as right now SMGS and shotguns reign superior over everything else.But that's nothing new to the series, its simply accentuated here. Fire rate generally beats anything else.That doesnt mean its bad - its many, many times better than advanced warfare. And perhaps in the future it might get better.6/10 Multiplayer."
76561198033726527,Recommended,292730,26482523,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,nuttybuddy321,"I love the game! The campaign is AWESOME so far. The graphics and action is top of the line. Love the new scenary! Loving the single player campaign. By the way, playing the game in 4K with a GTX 980 ti."
76561198152568566,Recommended,292730,26480336,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Moxy Man,"Ok this is a honest review 3/4 of the reviews on this game are just people hating because there haters. I bought the Modern Warfare Remastered pack and Infinite Warfare I will say the game is in development it just came out people hate it already because theres bugs that need to be fixed and stuff like that well what do you expect a game to be 100% perfect when it comes out, well i dont I will tell you that, I like this game and before you know it the game will be awesome (I recommend it)! I will Tell you some Pros and Cons now.[Pros]-Great gameplay-Cool graphics-New cool maps!-Multiplayer is AWESOME! (In my opinion)[Cons]-There needs to be some balances to guns-Wall running, sliding, and flying dont feel as smooth as Black Ops 3-To play this game PLEASE have a decent computer please take this seriously if you want to save money!-Running is a bit chunkyThere you have it! I personaly like this game so i would rate this Recommended and out of ten i would say this game is a 7.7/10. Thanks for reading this!If this review helped you please rate this review a ""Helpful"" and peace out!"
76561197970523148,Recommended,292730,26446728,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Thundersnail,"I was a little concerned at first about all the negative reviews that I read after I bought it and was waiting for the download. I'd see n that people said it was buggy and slow and just basically all round terrible. Well so far I haven't had any issues with frame rates or bugs at all. It plays like COD usually does. The story is fine, it's not shakespeare or something but then it never claims to be. Multiplayer is again the usual fare which is fine.Basically this series, and this game, is the popcorn flick of video games. It's got explosions and guns etc which is what I came here for and it's what I got. Maybe battlefied 1 or Titanfall are better, they probaly are, but that doesn't make this terrible by any means. In fact I have to say I'm enjoying it"
76561198072772892,Recommended,292730,26474621,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,H4N5,"So a lot of the negative reviews don\t actually cover the topics of the game. Many are either upset that the publisher bundled Modern Warfare Remastered with the game or that the multiplayer communities got split. Others compare it with Battlefield 1, but still, those are not reviews of this game, just popular commentary.so to start, this is my favorite CoD I have ever played. The controls are tight, movement is great and I genuniely like all the guns enough that I don't have any one favorite. The game has three parts, Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, though this is where the mistakes begin even with the genuine review. The biggest, and most tragic, mistake I have seen from reviewers is that everyone reviews the multiplayer with little to no play time within Campaign or Zombies as nearly all  CoD titles in the past have been Multiplayer focused and this one was not advertised, really, any differently. So to put this clearly: THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER FOCUSED TITLE. If you are coming for the multiplayer, the community is fine, the controls, weapons, game modes and maps are strong. However, this isn't the next innovative multiplayer experience - the multiplayer is fun, but is an add-on to the single player aspects of the game.The campaign however...the campaign is astounding. Details, gorgeous, real and believeable: Infinite Warfare's campaign is the campaign I've always wanted, but never knew I did. From amazing missions, to a connection with you crew and characters that you grow to love to the gorgeous and varied scenes, you feel like a captain of a huge starship fighting through the solar system in believeable ways. No description, however, can give justice to the experience of the campaign. You honestly control your ship, from you and your fighter's loadout, to all-stealtjh assasination missions to dog fights, the campaign is as long as you want it to be. If you get CoD Infinite Warfare and don't play the campaign, you are missing one of the best FPS campaigns ever written.Zombies is a fantastic and wide co-op or single player gamemode. Fun, great, huge map with interesting and funny story, great acting and good gameplay that the player can easily sink many more hours into. It's comparable to the Multiplayer and certainly just as large.Given the size and quality of the Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, this is a game I have no issues sinking 60 USD into. This game is amazing: don't be jaded towards Infinityward and enter the campaign with an open mind, what you will experience is fantastic. Enjoy."
,Recommended,292730,26470462,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,jakebasile,"I enjoy it. Campaign is fun, zombies is fun, I'm bad at multiplayer but it's still fun. It's not CSGO or TF2, so people will whine. It's not perfect, but it's fine."
,Recommended,292730,26471754,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jaredok,Ethan MVP
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,292730,30190241,Posted: 26 February,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Could have been a good game, but the thing is like a close combat cheatfest.And sometimes (even when its FREE for the weekend) its hard to get a game.Waiting... waiting....And they sliced off my lil country from the rest of the worlds major regions.Eff paying for that."
76561198300371687,Not Recommended,292730,28230850,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,OverTone,"possibly the worst call of duty in history.heres a more in depth look at WHY this game is horrible.this game is horribly optimized for pc, sensitivity isnt numbered base, its literally a gray bar so good  luck with finding out what your sensitivy is like. on top of how bad the servers are with it kicking you out of games because of ""unstable connection to host"". they didnt even bother optimizing MWR as in every begining of the game you join in you get total lag burst that pretty much lowers to frames to like 10 for a solid 1 minute if not less or more from what ive heard.despite MWR being the only reason like 80% of the people even BOUGHT the game it really shows how little they gave a F*** about our communty. cutting in half the population with seperate servers for those who bought it off steam to those who bought the hard copy (disk).infinite warfare on its own is just a really bad game to play along with being so damn boring, youll pretty much get tired of the game within the first 2 games if you havent rage quit by then with how many hackers you run into, melted by the amount of broken weapons, or just angry with the amount of people literally spawning on top of you.the game is so badly made thats its actually astonishing to hear they took 3 years to make.1. SPAWNS: spawns are so poorly thought of or coded that it literally has you spawn on people or youll run into the same person in half a second. the game spawns make it feel like you pretty much have 0 time to breath before your next fun fight. all i can say is when we complained about ghost having so big of maps, its safe to say they listened and exaggerated the maps to being literally as big as nuketown. except in nuketown at least you have an idea on where the enemy spawns.2. WEAPONS: every call of duty has a a few broken weapons right? black ops 3: vmp, man-o-war, brecci. though this game takes it broken weapons to literal new extremes. this game is pretty much AR central, making anything else entirely useless. smg's being so underpowered that if you can even control the recoil youll have about 4 shots to hit before a kill compared to the amount of 3 shots, no recoil, fire rate of a smg, AR's that will pretty much melt you if you even come in contact with it. but they should have fixed it right? the game has had, what, 2 patches since release? nope, they fixed the names being twitchy :D! what a deal right? we get horribly broken weapons in exchange for our names not twitching! fair trade.3.GUN SKILL NO LONGER REQUIRED: you would figure an AR or at least an smg would be able to counter an akimbo auto pistols right? nope. since this game is the only game to make laser sight relevant and for good reason. ADSing might as well not even exist. slap on laser sight with the sh**** weapon varients making their hip fire MORE accurate basically allowing someone to spray from half way across the map and still hit more than enough shots to kill someone, i know cause ive tried. so if you were that guy that loved to use the akimbo fmg9's from back in MW3, than this game will be perfect for you cause now YOU HAVE MORE SUPPORT :D! to those who hated those weapons, do not waste your money on this game.the game is over just trash to play. runs horribly, looks horrible, gameplay is so goddamn dumb that i feel like ghost had s** with black ops 3 and made a stupid baby. if you are REALLY curious and just want to test the game out for yourself before giving your own opinion, i would at least advise you to wait till infinity ward grows 2 more IQ points to realize we want a hack protection not being able to see our name not twitch. they literally prioritized a bug where BOTS, F***ING BOTS,wouldnt be able to pick up crates over a hackshield. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU GOT $60 DOLLARS TO BURN. i would advise you, again, to either wait for an ACTUAL USEFULL patch, or spend money on a game like titanfall 2 where they actually listen to their communty and not money wh*** the s*** out of us. literally any other game besides this is alot more worth the price, battlefield 1, titanfall 2, black ops 3 (which has a bigger population), anything else."
,Recommended,292730,31239080,Posted: 19 April,all,=GtH= Pie,Very nice game
76561198015612495,Not Recommended,292730,35504927,Posted: 5 October,all,Noob Salad,Garbage
76561198077294005,Recommended,292730,33924355,Posted: 31 July,all,hd,Most underestimated COD ever. Campaign is almost perfect.
,Recommended,292730,26458110,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Nipple Slipple,"Pros- Great sound- Great design- Beautiful map design- FAR LESS people jumping around arbitrarily due the the slower movement speed- Plays very similar to MW3- Weapons are fun- Lots of customization- Tons of things to earn- One of the best launch day ports performance wise, in a very long time for COD. It looks better, and runs far better then Black Ops 3, which is a year old game with tons of patches.Cons- Connection/lag problems- Some overpowered guns- Spawns are ridiculous- Supply dropsYes, this game is future sci-fi, and yes 90% of us didn't want that. But for some reason, Infinity Ward handled it so much better then AW and Blops 3. Adding space into the mechanics makes it not cring worthy, it feels right. Thankfully the issues with the game can be patched. But you get hundreds of hours of content, and everything that makes a great game is right here in the package. So regardless of all the whiny ""lol battlefield and titanfall are better, this game is trash. drink bleach cod players"" comments, their (immature) opinions don't change the fact that it's a solid game that's definitely worth playing. Yes, less players are online then 5 years ago, and yes those players went to battlefield or titanfall. But thankfully the players they took from the COD community are all the childish, 'mountain dew doritos' kids who tell you to kill yourself. The rest of us here are just people who enjoy the game and just wanna have a good time.Sorry Battlefield/Titanfall players if I triggered you, but I mean come on.. You guys are spending half the time playing your games, and literally the entire other half seeking out ANYTHING Infinite Warfare related, just to leave rude, childish comments, attempting to make others feel bad about playing a perfectly good game, and having a genuinely good time.The other aspect, supply drops. You'll hear people say ""oh no, it's pay to win"". But no, it's PLAY to win. All that extra content and weapon varients are earnable through simply playing the game. If you're willing to put in the time to unlock them (just like every other game out there), then it's perfectly fine. Plus you still earn keys through play time too, so there's always the nice little extra chance of unlocking one early. Otherwise, level up your faction for varients, and save up your salvage, and you can have all the varients you want.Summary - I give it a 8.5/10. I don't regret spending the money I did to buy it. It's fun, and there's tons and tons to achieve and unlock, so you always feel like you're earning something.And hey, Steam has a refund policy, so if it's not for you, just refund it. Nothing to lose, other then passing up a game you might genuinely enjoy just because all the negativity.Hopefully see you online \m/"
,Recommended,292730,26458725,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[Dr]-Richtofen,"Well Call of Duty Infinite Warfare didn't deserve 3.5 million dislike on its trailer on youtube at all .The single player is just awesome , something you like to play again and again when once its completed just like the old CODs but the difference is showing the future and how the Wars will look like . The important thing that about this game is the idea of making it , its not advanced warfare or ghost . I recommend  it to everyone and i m sure you gonna play it like you played all the amazing CODs except advanced warfare or ghost LOL .Single palyer is epicmultiplayer a bit hard to get use to but enjoyablezombies just bad , very bad LMAO , cuz its not treyarch zombies xD .it can get better in dlcs maybe !!buy and enjoy till next Call of Duty"
76561198068432243,Not Recommended,292730,30209517,Posted: 26 February,all,Johnny Carsinogen,this game is aids.
76561198264642874,Not Recommended,292730,33198901,Posted: 3 July,all,kz402,"Worst CoD ever made.  Laggy af in both single and multiplayer.  Don't buy this game.  It will never run smooth on any PC.I'm using 980ti and i7 4770 with 24GB RAM.  Still it gave me 5-10 FPS at cut scenes and gameplays.  So I lower it from 4k to HD and made all settings to normal.  Didn't help.  Restarted the game, ran in HD then it lagged again during mission.  How did the game pass quality control?  This is a giant piece of garbage."
,Recommended,292730,26430812,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,VinShek,"I dont understand why there is soo much hate in the reviews. Game is just running perfectly fine on my GTX 1070 with 130% reder resolution (2k) at 90 FPS capped. Little slower paced than BLOPS 3 which i'm happy about ! level design and game design is very creative and enjoyable. Graphically it may not be as great as BF1 but hey every game has its own flavour and strenghts ! just stop the hate and enjoy what is there. If you are still not happy with the purchase, steam refund is your option ! Happy gaming yall :)"
76561198274786278,Recommended,292730,26475153,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,A BATHING APE,some ppl will genuinely enjoy this game but with so much hate its hard to even say you like it without some negative feedback. But i do really like the game yes i would perfer boots on the ground cod. but lets hope next year thats all said and done its a solid game runs great( i dont like the 80 fps cap tho) it has 120 fov. great story. im sure with time the game will be better as of right now i still enjoy the game play its a 7/10 for me. and i would buy it again.
,Recommended,292730,26510324,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,✪ Lit For 20,"Before you hop on the bandwagon of all the hate on this game, read this review. I personally forgot a new CoD was being released this year until i seen a commercial and thought oh crap i need to buy it, i did and i was really worried because of all thr hate and everything about it and i didnt play the beta to have an opinon on that and do a little before and after. This game is actually amazing. I have not had so much fun playing a CoD since Black Ops II (2012) this game has a lot of vibes from Ghosts and Black Ops III but is better. In conclusuion, this game is amazing, people hate on it just to say ""HEY i hate IW because its the most disliked video on YouTube!"" So if you wanna talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, be higher than level 15, play with more than 3 guns, and have fun, people now a days look for a CoD THEY want, not what the company tries to give us, and for those who sit and ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan for not being able to get 250 FPS with their GTX 1080: 1. your stupid for paying that much on a graphics card & 2. The best it gets is 90 so why try and cap it out when it doesnt do anything? But anyway hope you guys come to realise this game isnt trash, stop bashing on all the comapnys for everything, granted yes we dont all approve of a lot of things, just keep quite and play"
76561198296465732,Recommended,292730,26462921,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Zoomandflash,i had low expectations of this game but when i played it the campaign seems solid and the multiplayer seems better than some previous call of dutys and the zombies is unique but not bad. Overall if you are thinking about buying this game give it a try before the refund timespan and see how you find it before making bad or good responses. 7/10 for me
,Recommended,292730,26473736,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hentai-Kun,"okei first off i have played this alot, i maxed the beta on ps4 and maxed beta on the xbox one aswell so much have changed sinc the beta, the game mechanic is a bit different from black ops 3 movement system but its a better movement system than BO3 yes it is different playing this than BO3 when u havent played more than 1hour on this xD the game runs perfect and i will say better than BO3, ofc some may have problems but you cant say the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥becasue you have problems, i am already on my second Prestige and yea some guns are OP some are not depends on how you play and how you pick perks etc etc, ability power are better and more stable than BO3 where you had ripper and flamethrower xD the supply drops are like Advanced Warfare supply drops and i love it because BO3 supply drops where like oh legendary, epic legendary all the time xD the zombies they have taken the BO3 rank system etc etc and re used it, love that they did that, single player i have only played the first mission but it already looks amazing and plays good, for people wondering does it play on Eyefinity or surround, yes it does, and it runs perfectly for me maxed. recommended AF 10/10 GG WP"
76561198327567387,Recommended,292730,26510387,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MISS JENKO,loving the maps and glad i have came to PC gaming way better then console.
76561197979646116,Recommended,292730,27527878,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(-_-)TheDynasty,"I've only played the campaign which is excellent. I haven't touched the multiplayer and zombies, and i probably won't unless i have a group of friends who own this too which i don't (since prices are outrageous for a games these days).I'm pretty upset that MW remastered is only included even more expensive legacy edition which is ridiculous.Advice: wait for a sale... probably a better one than the 25% off that's going on for black friday"
76561198152409247,Recommended,292730,26413451,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MonkeyMadness20,"I personally have had zero technical problems with this game. The Zombies is a nice change it's fun wacky and yet challenging for the average zombie player, Multiplayer feels like BO3 and plays a lot like Cod Ghosts which in my opinion mixes really well It may not be boots on the ground but it is the most boots on the ground of the 3 ""Future Cod's"" And the campaign's cutscenes look fantastic for Cod standards. It has an amazing atmosphere, The story itself is quite engaging with good characters and environments. So I'd say definitely pick this up if you enjoy cod (and won't cry that it's another cod game with advanced movement. This is InfinityWards take on it and I think they did a fantastic job.) or a fast paced FPS."
,Recommended,292730,30046774,Posted: 19 February,all,✪ FAT JEDI,"I like infinite warfare, despite everyone saying its bad its accually good. However i bought MWR with it and the game runs like ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy MWR it barley runs and they arent doing anything to help fix it. But IW is pretty good."
76561198334264318,Recommended,292730,30248865,Posted: 28 February,all,Erascan,dude this game is great and i dont see why people dont like it
,Recommended,292730,26458527,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,manic221,"Great Campaign, Fun Multiplayer (in inpenetrable for a newbie like me) with a pretty nasty community all things considered and the zombies mode is also entertaining. As said i am a very new to Call of Duty this was the first Call Of Duty i preoredered and was excited to play due to the scifi setting and so far i don't regret my decision. So far i recomend this game for the first 2ish hours of Campaign and fun Zombies mode.For now its a recomendation i'll come back and update this review if things change when i finish story and spend a few more hours in MP and Zombies"
76561198179826881,Recommended,292730,30290380,Posted: 2 March,all,Herr Savage,"Although it gets a hell of a lot of hate it's not a bad game it's actually really good and I enjoy it very much. It's optimization is between decent and good although I play it on a $300 potato from Walmart with most of the settings at low, I still get on average above 30 fps which in my book is perfectly playable. Not too shabby infinity ward, not too shabby"
,Recommended,292730,30454884,Posted: 11 March,all,2323,very good game :D
,Recommended,292730,30213226,Posted: 26 February,all,Cørdyceps,781
,Not Recommended,292730,30204163,Posted: 26 February,all,SkidBro,"Worst fps game ever. I didnt even know u could rocket jump and my frames per sec kept dropping drammaticly, and my fps was not even good in the first place. its normally and 50 or 60 and it drops all the way to 20-30. If you acctually bought the game i would feel bad for you its a waste of money and playing it makes u want to DIE.EDIT:Looking for matchmaking takes like 20 minutes even on free fucin weekend.Uninstall and get a refund for this cancer"
,Recommended,292730,26421381,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kazuin,"So far, I am loving this game, It is optimized for the gtx 750, well a tad bit.I am waiting for december for i get my hands on the gtx 1080"
,Recommended,292730,30289089,Posted: 2 March,all,Meta,10/10 would rather play no mans sky
,Not Recommended,292730,26449951,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Yurk,"Waste COD: IW and COD: MWR, first optimized particularly poor, special game is not smooth, and always will be no response, activision only the PS4 COD did well but neglected the PC, so I don't recommend this COD: IW and COD:MWR"
,Recommended,292730,26449475,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TideWithBleach,pretty much the same game play as black ops 3 just new weapons and maps. If you are a fan of the call of duty series then you should enjoy this one.
,Recommended,292730,31838911,Posted: 19 May,all,Mkezar,"This game is super fun. I love everything about it. The only reason why it's labeled Mixed and Mostly Negative is probably because of the hype behind it. When people saw the game getting crapped on by fans, people also joined in and did the same.Overall, though, this game is super fun and I absolutely love it. 10/10"
76561198136261746,Recommended,292730,30055366,Posted: 20 February,all,Spencadabowmb,"This review will be brief, due to the fact that it will most likely go unread. Infinite warfare is an astoundingly excellent game with, in my opinion, one of the best COD campaigns ever. It received unprecedented amounts of undeserved hate since the game was nothing but a concept. I would undoubtedly suggest this game. Overall grade: A-"
76561198059099622,Recommended,292730,26440792,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Flashy D,"This game is amazing, but pls fix the fps a bit better !!! :D, for both games also the remastered version"
76561198095719950,Not Recommended,292730,33548649,Posted: 14 July,all,thechad129,Wow. I have a GTX 1050 TI and I couldn't run this game on Normal settings without going below 30 FPS in 'very spacious' scenes in space.Do not buy until it gets patched or optimized for PC. The only COD I have ever had problems with.
76561198271983345,Recommended,292730,26443252,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,eldercraig,its goog and all but i keep getting ♥♥♥♥ing disk errors fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥!! i recomend it after they fix their ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,292730,30209503,Posted: 26 February,all,KTplayz,its fun
76561198029670099,Recommended,292730,30221369,Posted: 27 February,all,Fuld pedal,"It's not a bad game, but it ain't what we asked for."
76561198189391362,Not Recommended,292730,30127381,Posted: 23 February,all,JMAN,Dogshit...... It is dead as a doornail. No one is playing this game. You wont find any players in multi
76561198239018844,Recommended,292730,26685319,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JRoss614,very fun but a lot of hackers
,Recommended,292730,26453679,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,WichLee,This is a best COD since MW2Very impressive SP and fun and faster MP/
,Recommended,292730,26571834,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Chef,"This honestly isn't the best game out there, all I have to say is that it's better than bo3 imo."
43809578092465934,Recommended,292730,26548686,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,i hate the desert...,ok
76561198203005354,Recommended,292730,30646735,Posted: 20 March,all,Dj_foxyGaming2017,great game cant leave it
76561198354394813,Recommended,292730,30209487,Posted: 26 February,all,(*^*)BroTasically_$waggic(*^*),how do i fix the fight or flight bug where the olyumpus does not appear
76561198106513309,Recommended,292730,30209620,Posted: 26 February,all,WhiteSnakeX1,"This game is amazing in graphics but after playing about an hour I could not stand playing due to the  lag and it taking a long time to get in a match, I know this is not down to my conection as I get around 100mbs. As  for campain i cant give a full opinion as i have not played it but I have seen it on youtube and I find my self interested in that.If your buying this for the campain and to see the awesome graphic art on this game then this will be for you, but i feel like the mechanics of this game could be improved. (As said this is mostly on multiplayer as its the only thing i had access to)Hope this helps- If you want more detail on the multiplayer feel free to comment or messege me and i will reply when possible.Also this is not a hate on the game fully as a learning Developer I know how difficult it is to design and make a game!!"
,Recommended,292730,27886940,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tomm,k
76561197971973191,Recommended,292730,31279748,Posted: 21 April,all,matthew,Fun Game! You may want to disable the auto-update feature. I have slow internet and I never get to play this game because it always wants to make yet another 4-5GB update with takes about 5 hours.
76561198290339981,Recommended,292730,29514900,Posted: 26 January,all,madillminded,"Sorry to all the trolls that hate COD as a franchise. The mp is actually very fun and although there are cheaters at times, it really isnt as big an issue as people claim. If you want a quick easy to pickup arcade shooter pick it up. Runs well."
,Recommended,292730,26424491,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Talmbout,"I enjoy it, been playing cod since COD4"
,Recommended,292730,28717069,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,Great game. Don't listen to haters. Try it yourself.
,Recommended,292730,30271583,Posted: 1 March,all,[=DW=]BoomMikey,"Come on people please play call of duty infinite warfare and call of duty modern warfare remastered again who stops playing that game because I think they fixed that problems in the game, that game stills has a bit of lag in it but if you play on your default settings on the game you won't get as much lag at all just in beginning and it's still playable to play that games in there."
76561198119715557,Recommended,292730,30230986,Posted: 27 February,all,marcoman2635,The multiplayer is inasne! Don't understand why this gets so much hate.
76561198034297555,Not Recommended,292730,30231382,Posted: 27 February,all,ChanandlerBong,TRASH
76561198260308585,Recommended,292730,30211688,Posted: 26 February,all,AceSulFame,Best Game Ever.
76561198348430404,Recommended,292730,29229652,Posted: 13 January,all,Dominick,I recommend it but i only have 1 monitor and i changed my monitor from 1 to 2 and now it shows the tab but i cannot acsess the real game
76561197995732567,Recommended,292730,28730883,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kit Kat,"I never got to play the game because of my graphics card, if you are using NVIDIA Geforce GTX and have a graphic card version under 375.70 do not download the game or you will have a minimal amount of FPS and the audio will be trippy."
,Recommended,292730,30192693,Posted: 26 February,all,BonsaiTsai,"For all the haters out there, stop complaining this game isn't even that bad and we all know you guys are trolling"
76561198136067760,Recommended,292730,29659649,Posted: 2 February,all,firewolflord,gteat!!!
76561197967740663,Recommended,292730,26412821,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,v1516,"Awesome! Game play is sleek and smooth. Graphic is photo-realistic (best graphics in a game I have ever seen.) and natural. I am a single-player guy. Multiplayer game is not so enthusiatic. Campaign is better than Titan 2 and an edge with Battlefield 1. Titan 2 campaign according to Angry Joe is pathetically 5 hours only. Go for it, buy this game just for single player in mind."
76561198188739489,Not Recommended,292730,31901457,Posted: 22 May,all,Breff,NOT WORKINGPAID for and downloaded twice!! Still not working... What is going on ? Do I need to request refund?
76561198212705275,Recommended,292730,31899353,Posted: 22 May,all,SkylerNight,"I am having great fun playing this game. I read the reviews that said the game was bad, got it anyways and played it, and I really like it. Don't let the reviews sway you in your decision to get a game. Make your own decisions on whether or not something is bad."
76561198305727373,Recommended,292730,29659029,Posted: 2 February,all,Mikey y,great Game !
,Not Recommended,292730,30265024,Posted: 1 March,all,AvA,VAC Ban is SucksDont Buy It
76561198021352501,Recommended,292730,26440419,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,davrsjam100,wow is it good games
76561198151472688,Recommended,292730,26446602,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TetchyManticore,"First things to put forward is that the game can come with certain issues. Mine would be that the sound was not coming from the game when I booted it up. However, after searching for a solution on google I came across a video on how to fix the problem so that i can enjoy the game.As soon as I was able to enjoy the game, because usually I don't when it comes to Call of Duty games. It was a game changing experience as it involves a different method of how the campaign is played. Instead of the natural a string of events playthrough, you can slect other missions to go to on the mission map. This gives freedom from progressing on the campaign or having some kick♥♥♥♥♥action on the go between the mains. The story is better than usual as it involves humour and sorrow and develops a love for the characters and realeasing the true image of war and what it brings to those involved."
,Not Recommended,292730,30334226,Posted: 5 March,all,Xxmanolis07xX™,"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥af.Crashes a lot,many hackers in lobby and like game is really bad,DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198090677674,Not Recommended,292730,30126091,Posted: 23 February,all,Female,"Wont stop crashing gg devs, really made me want to buy this game while its free"
76561198015790916,Not Recommended,292730,30329471,Posted: 4 March,all,#1 American Infidel*,Horrible worst one ever even modern warfare . How can you f up after that one ? Bunch of young punks and money hungry executives I guess .
,Not Recommended,292730,31467100,Posted: 30 April,all,The Kaernk,"MWR: Worst CoD game I have ever played.  It has constant FPS drops and connection issues.  The overall performance is absolute garbage.  And no, it's not my pc. I have a 1070, 16gb of ram, and a 4790k.  If I can play BF1 at 90+FPS maxed out at 21:9 resolution, there should be no issue with running a 16-player, 7-year-old CoD game with a glorified ReShade filter.IW: Okay campaign, mp is fine, automatically a thumbs down though for supply drops.  And as for the jump packs/future garbage: Titanfall and Halo do it better so stop.  Stick with modern and historical settings.  That's where it shined.  Hopefully WWII will be good.-PS- I (and hopefully many others) will never spend a dime on your supply drops."
76561198007027828,Not Recommended,292730,33914237,Posted: 30 July,all,two_bit76,"Playing via PC. Game has no volume whatsoever. Headset/speakers plugged in properly, messed with the in game audio controls checked my computer audio to see if something wasn't working with this game... I'm at a loss, not only time, but for buying this for $29.99 and it doesn't even work properly... Refund please?"
,Recommended,292730,26498587,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,PraiseEden,I honestly enjoy this game. The campaign was fun 100 percent better than black ops 3. the zombie mode also much better fun but the multiplayer mode ..... i suck on it that always got 4 kill and 20+dealth.... i am sure that if i play IW's multiplayer on ps4 i will get 20+kill and 4 dealth lol. sorry m eng not so good tho.... overall i give IW 6/10. The bad thing was the MP mode on pc got a lot of bugs and ping a lot of problem too....
76561198015646646,Recommended,292730,26560166,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bravo_one_uk,game play ok but slow video scenes
76561198043765709,Recommended,292730,26499358,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lord Squirrlington Nutstasher,"I have only completed the campaign but i mainly bought the game for its campaign and the remastered modern warfare. Multiplayer is something i may try but i expect it will be filled with red bull high teen rage over the mic and chat + tea bagging abound so i don't expect much beyond that. Now with that out of the way, on to the review.Story: 7.5/10I really liked the campaign. The story, although very black and white, earth good, mars bad, with no context as to why mars hates earth so much did make it fairly difficult to fully buy into the experience, but it did drive my curiosity to find out and see if the story would later explain. Sadly it did not but i'm still curious because the level of hate the enemy admiral displayed was seething, but again, like another character the voice actor and model for the mars commander I “Know nothing”. Lets just say i would be very happy to have a single player expansion campaign from the perspective of mars and the admiral and have all its events lead up to the start of the initial campaign. Probably won't happen, but i would it would be nice. Also, the implementation of E3N was a nice touch and just the wit he/it expressed made him feel human but knew and accepted what he was and had no delusions otherwise, a sci-fi trope i'm happy infinity ward did not fall into with E3N.Design: 9/10The locations, scenery and the atmosphere of that vision of a future was really amazing. That first mission on Europa, diving through the clouds and landing on the ice with Jupiter and its massive eye storm almost watching me was a really awesome sight. Then to follow it up with the impressive display of military might with the fleet week parade in the next mission, gave me the biggest smile and really scratched my Sci-Fi itch. Every mission location was interesting and well made and thankfully everything ran smooth and without glitchy incident. Character models are pretty accurate to their real world actor/voice and the overall beauty of the game is top notch.Feel: 9.5/10This is a big one for me as i play games to enjoy them and i'm happy i really enjoyed this one. As i mentioned, there were parts that gave me a big smile and even a hearty laugh at just what i was seeing. As a gamer since childhood and now less than a month away from the age of 30, moments like this are seemingly more rare as time goes on, so when a game makes me smile and laugh and just how cool it looks and feels, i can't help but give it a positive review. I sadly missed out on all the black ops COD titles but i may have to go back and get them just to see what all their praise was about, but as for infinite warfare i can say i'm pretty happy with the experience i got.Overall: 8.5/10I really liked this game despite some shortcomings storywise. The look and feel had me happy they whole ride and i'm not upset by any means.Comment on steam reviews:I have seen a lot of hate for this game, from its announcement through launch and almost all of it has been 30% “Boo Sci-fi BS” and 70% “I have to pay more for the remaster of COD4? WTF BRO!” I really really want steam to split its review system into 3 categories: Game (such as gameplay and overall impression of the game). Technical (comments on game breaking glitches, poor performance optimization, ect.) which should all go to a support forum anyway. I had no issues so perhaps it's not the games fault and just players computers/drivers/antivirus and so on. I have a decent rig and have no complaints. And finally a category for all other complaints not  game or gameplay related such as comments on the developer's business practices or price choices and all that other nonsense. I have seen really good games have their review section dragged through the mud because of non game related complaints (such as the release of ARK’s Scorched earth expansion where the game was dragged down from a very positive overall with tens of thousands of reviews, down to mixed with in days because of people complaining on the developer's choice to make the expansion a paid one.) Complaints like this have no bearing on the game, its gameplay, community or anything and so has no business dragging down the GAME reivew."
76561198174216583,Recommended,292730,26722361,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kayce|KC|,If your reading this add me. I have no friends and I want to play some zombies.
,Recommended,292730,26639645,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Xx_pc_gamer_xX,i think tis a great   game buy it
,Recommended,292730,26756680,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FragMan,Not the best COD but it's fun and with friends you can really enjoy the game. Even solo players will love this game just give it a try!
76561198002008986,Recommended,292730,26614293,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,anul_wrecktum,could pick this game apart like everyone else but at the end of the day it is a fun game with lots of content. There is a lot of fun to be had here.
,Recommended,292730,26473991,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jeb's Guac Bowl,"""Server connection timed out""10/10 -IGN"
76561198016871300,Recommended,292730,26561370,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,fintanfelix,i just got cod infinite ware fare for 79.99 i did not get cod  the remastered cod. how do i recieve this game
,Recommended,292730,26748615,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,I'm TROJAN,when they r going to start vab ban  ....hackers start playing around losing score ...
,Recommended,292730,26925481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ten24-Chicken,This game is GOAT
,Recommended,292730,28243660,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Easy4ever 🔊,"Love this game! Good, dynamic multiplayer and very creative and funny zombie easteregg storyline. Best COD!!!"
,Recommended,292730,27258993,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TTGH,"I think that Infinite Warfare is amazing. The campaign looks really good as I've heard from many, multiplayer is good, and the zombies is amazing. I recommend giving IW a try"
,Recommended,292730,27683854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xide,"I am a huge fan of Call of Duty zombies, I have been ever since the game mode first came out! This one offers a similar spin as to what Black Ops 2 expansions did, more exploration and progressive, rather than hold out and survive. Campaign is okay, nothing really gripping. Its a pretty linear and obvious story, nothing much to say about to in my opinion. The multiplayer is pretty much the same as it is in every game. They just tack on one more game mechanic at a time. This one I have noticed the skill gap makes a HUGE difference. There have always been kids that can get the end kill-streak no problem, but I am noticing more that most games go by with almost no one getting a 5 kill streak or higher, and if they do they are getting all thier killstreaks.Run-And-Gun-No-Think-Fun. If thats what you want, get it."
76561197962852104,Recommended,292730,27682418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Inforit,"This is my first review because I feel like I need to say somerthing about my experiece in the multiplayer aspect of this game.  I was not going to buy this game due to some of the reviews that said that this game is pretty much like BO3 which I really did not like at all because of how the weapons and the movement felt.  I bought this game on sale becaue I was only interested in the MW4R and decided not to wait for stand alone because it might be months before they release it by itself. I decided to take a chance on this  and if I did not like it, I would return it.  After playing MW4R for quite a bit and loving it, I decided to install IW and I was getting myself ready to be disappointed.  But  I was pleasantly suprised that the multiplayer is a lot more fun and feels a lot better to me in every way than BO3 did.  The movement is a bit slower and more methodical and has weight to it and when you pick up guns they feel different from each other and they feel right when you shoot them.  There is power and weight to weapons that I did not feel with BO3.  Overall I am glad I bought this game as I will be playing MP in IW a lot more than I did BO3.  So if you are like me and did not care for B03, I would suggest you try it and you might be very suprised on how much better it is.  But if you liked B03 than this might go either way."
,Recommended,292730,26423522,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DeltaBoss,"manly tears were shed for the best robro ever to beRemaster SP is beautiful, Remaster MP is a piece of garbage and a shame to the original"
76561198048414884,Recommended,292730,26609780,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dragons56785,"I do not understand why people were hating this game before coming out. No one knows what the game will be like until the game is actually out. For some reason the trailer for this game was the second most disliked video on youtube. That really makes no sense to me of why that even happened but then when the game comes out it has mixed reviews. But more people liked the game compared to people hating it in the reviews.For me this was actually a really good game for me. The campaign was awesome for what I thought. I didn't even have the game maxed out and it looked beautiful.The only problem I seeing in this game was at points in the campaign and in the main menu, the music will cut out. It would happen mostly in the main menu. It was rarely seen in the campaign, but I missed some dialogue when it happened in cutscenes. It only happened at two different points in the campaign, so its no like a random occurence. Another thing about the campaign is there are 6 different  difficulties to play on. The last 2 difficulties are needed to be unlocked after beating the campaign on a certain difficulty. I have only unlocked one of them called specialists which makes the game more realistic. What is realistic about it is that your helmet can break and if that happens then your guy dies from lack of oxygen. You can get a new one by looking around and replacing it. Another realistic feature about it is that your guy will not automatically heal. You will need to look around and find nano shots to heal yourself. Another feature with the healing mechanic is that you can break bones or get injusred in certain areas on your body. So if you get shot in your right arm your gun will sway more when trying to aim. If you get shot in your left arm, you will not beable to use equipment but you can use the nano shots to heal yourself. If you get shot in the legs your guy will start to wobble while trying to walk and sometimes your guy will start to go onto his stomache after getting shot in the legs. Even when you get shot in the legs, it would be alot harder for your guy to aim while walking.Onto the multiplayer, the multiplayer is alot of fun for me. It acts exactly like modern wafare 2 or modern warfare 3. The movement does not feel like the other recent call of duty games. So i have seen that in other reviews saying that the gameplay does not feel right compared to the recent ones. It does take a little bit to find games but you can actually find people in more game modes than compared to black ops 3 multiplayer where there is only one gamemode being played mainly. There is not much to say for what I think about the multiplayer but for me i am more interested in playing this multiplayer compared to black ops 3 multiplayer.The zombies is actually fun to play, its different compared to the other zombies. It has a different story compared to being always about world war 2. Each character actually has a different melee weapon between eachother. I have only playing two of the characters right now and one of them has a broken bottle and the other slaps. When I saw the cahracter who slaps for their melee I was laughing a whole bunch because its hilarious seeing it. In the zombies there are actually bosses which are mascots of the map and you can actually do challenges in the gamemode when you find this one thing. Another idea they have in this game is alot different compared to the other zombies in which when you die you can actually revive yourself and get your wepaons back for a certain amount of points. It makes the game last alot longer when you have mulitple people because if you die you can come right back into that same round after doing some challenges.The overall thought of this game for me, is that it is awesome compared to what other people have been saying about it. It has had a bettter startup compared to how black ops 3 started up. People have been comparing this game to black ops 3 so I will too for my thought. This game is trying to be different compared to the others. This is probably why people are hating it. Its trying to be its own instead of being the same thing over and over again. The campaign has 7 to 8 hrs of gameplay on it. If no one believes me just try the game, the game can be refunded but it has to be less than 2 hrs of gameplay. These are just my thoughts on this game and I have played every call of duty and beaten all the campaigns so i can see the difference between them."
76561198026679062,Recommended,292730,26420306,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,VoxWaya,"Video Game fans are very hard to please and sometimes make you scratch your head. They complain when theres too much of the same in a series and when developers switch things up, they complain that it isnt the same o.OI started my Call of Duty journey with Black Ops 2 and have enjoyed each game since then. Personally, based on playing a few hours, I prefer Black Ops 3 to Infinite Warfare, but the single player campaign and Zombies in Infinite Warfare are really drawing me in.I'm running on a Intel 4790 Quad Core CPu with a GTX 960 2GB version overclocked and I'm getting 60 frames per second during gameplay ( 1920x !080 scrren resoultion and all settings at high/ultra). The game runs pretty smooth in all modes for me personally and I can really enjoy the game."
76561198084975819,Recommended,292730,26422178,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,aLn|Squid-Insurgent,"Im confused here, I have a PC that can run BF1 on ultra everything at 1920x1080 at a very steady 60fps solid, I normally stay away from COD games, I fell in love with COD 1 back in the day and had a blast the first few iterations of the franchise,but the redundant fromula of same game new guns different paint job got old and I drifted away from the COD games for a few years now.So here i was watching the trailers and was thinking heck i will give it a try its been a few years I could go for some COD, only to get in game and find i am getting horrid fps drops and i have messed with the settings and tried everything i could, Even when i turn everything on mid and run it at 1366x768 it almost seems to get worse? not only that it seems to be rather blurry and dull even on max? I will not give it a bad review yet as I am aware that things take a while now a days to get settled out and I read that the devs are working on it which is good to hear, but all in all at the end of the day this feels the same....again. I mean i understand you have to keep the game similar in ways that your fanbase can accept and enjoy but if i can offer any advise to COD dev community (I know my voice matters little in the cacophony of noise that is the modern internet age) please PLEASE take COD and make it new again break from this cycle of re re re Regurgitated stasis that your games seem to be stuck, It is the same as it was back when i was holding an m1-carbine shooting nazis back in 2003. Take risks with your franchise go big dare to make a change and i am willing to bet you will see a renewed intrest in your games, just look at what the other big guy on the block has done, their graphics are mind blowing for FPS online, their sound can give you PTSD if your not careful, the destruction of enviroments is amazing, and i know you all at IW are very talented and creative and very very capable of making a product that could by all meant give the other guy a run for his money and maybe surpass them if you would just dare to step out of this comfort zone. (dont get me wrong I know you have a loyal fanbase that will buy whatever COD title you slap out and they bring you a steady flow of income) But I believe its time for COD to evolve into something new and fresh, I dont think I am alone here when i say this and I dont mean to be critical of a game i have not fully explored or spent time with yet. I am sure your campagin will be a blast as most COD storys are fun to blow through, I hope I have not offended anyone but this is just my opinion and I felt maybe something good could come of this. I hope you all at IW can sort out the fps drops soo as I would love to enjoy the story more. I will recommend the title for now as I dont think the fps thing is very common at this point and if you like COD then im sure you will enjoy this beacus it is much the same as the other COD titles when it comes down to how it plays and feels. With respect I sign off with hopes that someone at IW will read this and even if they for one second think ""humm maybe we could do thisg a bit different..."" I will feel like it was well worth the time.P.S. I dont know whats up or why this has not happened yet, but....you all could do a full installment of COD zombies and have a gold mine on your hands.....just saying. Zombies is always a blast (no pun intended).Peace out****EDIT*****After beating the story I wanted to say that i had alot of fun, the flying around in space was a little clunky and with a bit more time in development the side missions could have been a little more in depth, but all in all it was a blast to play, i felt for the characters at the end of their struggle and when it ended i felt it was a decent ending. I still have a hard time getting into an online match and when i do i get alot of lag, same with zombies, I am sure this will get worked out at some point.Anyway if you want to play a cool single player story that add a bit of new to the same ol same ol Call of duty formula then look no further, GJ devs i have a bit of new found respect for COD franchise, Thumbs up here."
76561198067637947,Recommended,292730,28717487,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WilD BoT,"The campaing is really good, I was really impress! (epic story and smooth gameplay)The multiplayer is also well balanced and has a good variety (well optimized at 90fps which is plenty and 0 lag)I didnt try zombie yetPS. I dont understand why so much people hate this game! Maybe it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized on release day, but now its really good and smooth! Graphics and mechanics feels great! PLenty of content! It feels really good to buy this game for only 52$ on sale, I say worth it!"
76561198321574289,Not Recommended,292730,30242108,Posted: 28 February,all,ArcyStrzelec ✟,"I was excited about the game, downloaded like 50 gigs of data, tried it for free.Started with multiplayer (and probably that's where I made the biggest mistake). Match was complete chaos and although the graphics were pretty good I got pwned too many times to enjoy the game, so it ended up quite soon. Not for me."
,Not Recommended,292730,33733734,Posted: 22 July,all,Shadow Marshal,Trash-DO NAWT BUY
,Recommended,292730,33838785,Posted: 27 July,all,cosmoscoconutcrunch,Honestly i do believe its better than cod bo3 because of dlc weapon unlock system. the storyline is much more fun and understandable and not about some fokin baby m8. look its not worth 60 for just this game wait for a sale and buy it if you REALLY liked bo3. you can just get mwr separately now so ye
,Recommended,292730,34142104,Posted: 10 August,all,Sdb62,It's a good game.Multiplayer is solid and balanced.Very fast paced which made it harder to play black ops 3 again due to much slower ads and movement speed.I don't see much obvious cheaters online.Zombies has a feel very similiar to black ops 2 but being a little more easy.I myself never get technical problems with both infinite warfare and black ops 3 so maybe i'm lucky?I myself prefer Infinite Warfare over black ops 3.
76561198269027422,Recommended,292730,26417841,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HeKnives,"Campaign:__________________________________the best thing this game has to offer, characters you can actually connect to, not just a story of a guy who smokes too much weed (ahem bo3).the gameplay is very innovative, unfortunately, with all these new gameplay mechanics the multiplayer didnt took any of them, this could've been one of the more innovative cods but too bad infinity ward wasnt sure about their game making skills and decided to copy bo3's gameplay.sick♥♥♥♥♥dog fights, 0 G combat, cool side missions and other cool stuff like a mission on a rotatingasteroid.9/10multiplayer:__________________________________After 10 months into the game's life cycle i just cant come back to the multiplayer,i just can't get immersed into this game anymore, i've expierenced everything and i had enough, i dont wanna see anymore ricegum looking robots, no bull♥♥♥♥ a$$ deaths by nerds boosting all over the place like the map is a big♥♥♥♥♥Inflatable.no guns variety, if u want to do good, use the nv4, some guns are defenitly better than the others.the game gets boring after a year of bo3 and then this, i have 483 hours on bo3 and 400 on this, i think i've seen enough.and if that's how the future is going to be, full of nerds and skinny♥♥♥♥♥robots then fuq, i dont want to live for the next 30 years.i did enjoyed the multiplayer dont get me wrong, i just cant get immeresed into this game anymore.7/10Zombies:__________________________________i havnt played much zombies at all, due to the fact that NO ONE did, never found a single public match, and im sure the zombies are hella fun, pretty weak story wise, the characters are just there to be a playable character, i dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if one of them dies.but the core game is pretty lit, lately im playing zombies solo, getting the wonder weapons and trying to do the easter egg and i can see how fun it would be with 3 more people.i used to play zombies always in bo3, i was prestige 4 cus when i got board of MP i started playing zombies in public matches and it was so much fun, i've made so many friends, we became a group and tried to complete the SoE easter egg, i would never forget these times, and IW just has none of it.very dissapointing, playing zombies wasnt the same this year.6/10__________________________________to conclude:i voted ""yes"" for this game, let the 400 hours speak for themselves, i had a lot of fun playing this game as a whole, thats why i give it a ""yes"" and yeah, there are a lot of hackers and lags and random errors, but the core game is very enjoyable"
76561198353909571,Recommended,292730,32485572,Posted: 16 June,all,ChillyJr,It is very good. Some people don't like it for it being too futuristic but it's cool I think.
76561198127489278,Recommended,292730,26751755,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Packmans,This game is just unfinished! Multyplayer broken have to wait sometimes even 10-20min untill i can start!Zombies havent played zombies becouse i cant get in its searching players for hours but nothings happening! In overall im not that dissapointed. i just want to play the game not wait for players hours!
76561198015449882,Not Recommended,292730,30257707,Posted: 1 March,all,SpongeWorldApp,WASTE OF MONEY.
76561197964107180,Recommended,292730,31850127,Posted: 19 May,all,Prag,"If you have brought the game thatI suggest putting this game into an SSD or a set of raid0 with traditional HDDs.So far, as a game experience to me that it's OK or not so bad.My PC arrangement:amd fx-835016g ram2 of 2.5 HDDs with raid0r9-280x with 6g vramJust enjoy the content of the game!"
,Recommended,292730,33575824,Posted: 15 July,all,[NDM]CyD,Pretty good COD game. Dont let all the negative reviews fool you.  The best thing about cod is its responsivness. No floaty feel like Battlefield games or even CS GO. There is a big backlash at COD because of the matchmaking service. It does suck unless you have an open nat. BO3 and AW are better games but this is a solid shooter for sure. I love futuristic games since I started off playing UT99 and Quake2/3 so its right down my alley. Wall running and dodgeing is fun but not everyone likes that or can adapt to it. If you dont like futuristic games and gameplay then this game is not for you. Add to that the small player base on PC and it can be hard to find games in all gametypes you like especially HC. Wait for COD:WW2 to come out this fall if you are more of a boots on the ground type of player. IMHO its not the best COD game but it is a solid title. I would reccomend it.
76561198014882233,Not Recommended,292730,26413058,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Blowfish,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥get battlefield 1 cod crash 3 times in 25min
,Recommended,292730,26412514,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Federal Bear of Investigation,Runs smooth provided you meet the requirements. Multi-player is fast paced as ever. Only problems besides launch day lag I'd say would be respawning on tight maps. End up spawning behind people alot or people spawn behind you and your objective. Beyond that liking it so far.
,Recommended,292730,26432446,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[GAZArts],"One thing that's always bothered me about these reviews is a lot of people with poor spec rigs negatively review a game they can't play.... there for shouldn't review. Get a refund if you can't play the game, game development is constantly moving at an unprecedented rate so don’t give me this ""ur ma gerd! i can play witcher 3 but i cant play this wtf fam!"" BS.Incidentally i am fortunate to own a rig that plays this game beautiful and as such can rate this game fairly. This game is brilliant. Call of Duty ghost sort of ended my love affair with he cod series for quite some time, to the point i had originally chose to ignore this release and stick with my battlefield 1.Boy am i glad i bought it, the single player campaign alone is so epic in scale, action and story, it feels like you're participating in a summer block buster movie. There was a moment where i was running through streets with space ships falling out of the damn sky and buildings exploding and i just thought ""nice..."" the game gives me the call of duty of old feeling. Kudos Infinity Ward."
,Recommended,292730,26412290,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Foul,"I personally enjoy all of the Call Of Dutys, If you like'd black ops 3 futureistic you might enjoy this. I know i do"
76561197998079084,Recommended,292730,26411421,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Norrski,"IMPORTANT!! I am having performance issues. On a gtx1070 the game will ocasionally stutter and hang for a few seconds during scenes with alot of action and some cutscenes. Do not purchase until fixed, this is not tollerable in this day and age.SINGLEPLAYERPros:Gun fire feels responsive and meaty.Cool gun designs and functions with sweet tactical gear and uppgrades.Graphics overall are amazing despite looking dated at some points.Good pacing, going from stealth to action to story to ace combat style of space battle.Story, cliche is not the same as bad and overall the story is good.Characters, again cliche but they actually have personality instead of beeing a blank slate for projection.Voice acting, cliche as well shouting army language all over the place. And again that doesnt make it bad.The game overall has a nice flow with its wallruning and jetpack boosting.Cons:Animations, at times the animations are really choppy and character models might glitch into and around reach other.Cliche isnt bad, but its still cliche cmon!! I feel like the developers are afraid of their own fanbase and getting backlash if they innovate too much. Ending up in somehow staying inside the box while trying to develop outside it.Performance, this game looks good but my PC is beasty. And still the game is hogging up all of the resources. If I forget to close google chrome and skype before launching then its enough to noticably affect the fps.First impression score 8/10 a really good game so far and enjoying it alot cant wait to do more space stealth and space battle. And most of all, I cant wait to see the designs of all of the different planets! The planet designs are just amazing!MULTIPLAYERIts CoD. If you took Black ops 2, cut the time to kill in half, gave everyone futuristic weapons and jetpacks you would have the same game. You have a skill button you can use sometimes, you have a loadout just like before. You level your weapons just like you do.If it werent for all the hackers ruining older CoD games on PC I would rather play MW2 or BO2 then this.Infinite Warfare also has the same good old problem of killstreak rewards where the rich get richer and beeing a good player doesnt help if your team is dying and feeding the oponent power to use against you. Snowballing is a huge thing in this game.That said, I would give it a 6/10. Above average and still fun but nothing amazing and with the remaster I doubt it will have any staying power either. I will prestige once or twice sure like I allways do. But I doubt I`ll be sitting here 2 years from now thinking ""oh I wanna play some infinite warfare!""I have yet to try out the remaster and zombies.If you are considering buying this game I would say wait until performance issues are fixed and patched. I would also say dont buy the season pass. If you enjoy call of duty then buy the legacy edition. Play infinite warfare for its singleplayer and then play the remaster for the CoD multiplayer itch. Its way better.But overall a good game and I would say the legacy edition is worth the price.Just because hating CoD is popular doesnt make it bad. Its sad that the toxic, hatefull and immature part of the  BF1 and Titanfall2 comunity feel the need to downvote CoD because their subjective opinion says their game is ""better""Different =/= betterDifferent =/= badDont compare, judge on its own merrits -.-Humans beeing so petty makes me sad and convinces me to waste my time writing a CoD review nobody cares about, just to give it a possitive vote to balance it out as it is getting way to much unjustified hatred.Thanks for reading! I hope it helped somehow."
,Recommended,292730,26433401,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Klingers,"I thoroughly recommend this game. The combat was a blast, the graphics look amazing and the levels were awesome. Already sunk more hours than I'm proud of into multiplayer.I don't know if I'll even be bothered launching that stupid space scifi thing they bundled with it though. I'm a big fan of contemporary shooters and I think they should have stuck with that but I suppose they have to do something to justify the $80 pricetag..."
,Recommended,292730,26422327,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mud Farm,"If you are familiar with the Call of Duty series you know what you are in for. Fast-paced, small to mid-sized maps, continuous action. The game runs fine for me and while the graphics aren't an improvement per say, they are crisp and ""cleaner"" than past installments.If you are a fan of the series this is a good installment. If you are on the fence wait for a free weekend."
,Recommended,292730,26428054,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DunderMn,"I unfortunatley went into this game having such a negative attitude. I played the BETA on PS4 and did not enjoy it one bit, but I get every call of duty on either PS3, PS4, PC. I have to be honest...THIS GAME IS FUN AS HELL. It feels solid, the graphics look great and the game runs incredibly well. Sure there are some flaws but what Call of Duty dosent? If you were a fan on BO3 and are getting slightly tired of the same maps of Black Ops 3 I would reccomend this game. Im actually enjoying it a heck of a lot more than Modern Warfare Remastered. I have only had one issue with this game so far. when seeing my team missions the guy who tallks in the menus covers up the missions when he talks. It is so annoying. However, this is such a small detail that is easily changed and isnt game breaking/changing.In conclusion. If you like Black Ops 3 then I would say you should get this game. If you didn't I would still say try this game. Never say you hate a game until you have tried it for at least 5 hours, and tried all of its features (campaign, zombies and multiplayer."
,Recommended,292730,26419545,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,armymdic,"There is a lot of hate about Microtransactions, release cadence, FPS lock at 91 etc. I bought this game for what I know it is - fun MP action, CoD style. I also own BF1 and Titanfall 2 and find them equally fun. It is well worth the buy and provides the solid CoD MP action. I have not had any issue finding matches, it runs smooth on my system and the graphics are great. There is a bit of an issue with the default mouse settings and it makes it feel sluggish. The folks giving negative reviews for this reason failed to open their options and change sensitivity. If you like the CoD franchise, I recommend you get this title. It is wicked fun."
76561198018941959,Recommended,292730,26496123,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Asgard,"I m quite surprised how bad the feedback for this game is.It sure has some design-flaws, but they are mostly my personal opinion (e.g. sound-conduction in vacuum... could have put so much more atmosphere in the game with a nice depressing silence at times...)It sure is well done and i had fun playing it.If you like a good sci-fi-story then this is for you.If the reviews on the multiplayer-part is preventing you from buying it... put it to wishlist and buy it when it is cheaper... the singleplayer-story is at least worth that!"
,Recommended,292730,26432503,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,🅱 E M O J I,"Hey everyone that reads this, The game isn't as bad as people say it is apart from the optimisation. its fun to run around with a laser gun in multiplayer and zombies has lots of new things about it to learn about.I refunded the game because of the terrable optimisation and because no one plays it because people dont have their own opinion and like to listen to other youtubers.This game has potental if they fix the optimisation and if people stop complaining and play it for more than an hour.TRY IT!"
,Not Recommended,292730,35378720,Posted: 1 October,all,KHOJA1984,Very Bad
,Recommended,292730,26414076,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ATmega16,Shoot glass in space to send enemies to their eternal doom.What more could you want?
,Recommended,292730,26416551,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SnoopCatGang,Good game idk why people are hating only problem is my fps goes from 30 to 70 back to 30 then to 90 it's all over the place so pls fix
76561198120457766,Recommended,292730,26495539,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LazerGreen | hellcase.com,"Honestly, I like this game. I bought the legacy edition, by the way. There's a few things I have to say about this and MWR, some negative and positive.For some reason, IW runs better than MWR at the equivalent graphics settings for some reason. MWR actually stutters and most of its environment starts me off at 70- FPS. However, I can easily 'max' IW at its capped 91 fps, which is okay for me. I feel MWR needs to work more on its optimization than IW.Another aspect is the look of IW. It honestly feels weird in my opinion - a familiar theme is presented throughout multiplayer - sci-fi themes, verticality, and hex-style plating on armor and weapons - PLANETSIDE 2! This definitely reminds me of Planetside 2 for some reason. I don't know if it's the weird motion blur and DOF Inf. Ward had implemented or I don't know, but it feels the same way, however, it runs better than PS2 in most cases (lol).I honestly feel IW can make more changes in gameplay than performance. I have heard about all these host migration nightmares, however, I haven't run into any in my first few games. However, MWR needs to release a few patches in terms of fixing performance, even memory issues that might be causing an almost 10 year old game with only refined graphics to run slower with random lag spikes in contrast to IW.If you feel weird about trying this new CoD, try it out, or at least wait until the feedback gets a bit more positive. I've been seeing that all the space-themed negative comments have been ruled out, most are technical and specific issues that is bugging everyone.I believe both these games have a potential in actually being considered ""good"" by everyone else.IW - 7/10MWR - 6/10"
,Recommended,292730,26496529,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,potiondealer,2 words: best campaign ever................................................................ Wait what?
,Recommended,292730,27544364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,snapshotkiller,Not as bad as I expected.
,Recommended,292730,26425685,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Satisko,"For being capped at 91 fpa, it runs very smooth. Game is fun and there arent't too many bugs for being day 1"
,Recommended,292730,26495858,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Revilo,mw1 is pretty good
,Recommended,292730,26423292,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dante,"Tl;dr: For me this is an awesome game, yes it has some bad aspects, but it's definetely not as bad as everyone else is saying.I played through the whole campaing in about 7-8 hours and I actually loved the space combat and the movement of the characters, the story for me is amazing, but it feels like there's something missing in the end. I had no problems whatsoever with running the game, it ran perfectly on my GTX 960 on medium to high settings on 1080p. The worst thing is mouse acceleration probably,  but I kinda forgot it later on in the game. Multiplayer is as always regular CoD, fast-paced you get a few hits you die. The only thing I don't like about it is maps, and oh god they suck. While playing multiplayer for around 3 hours I found only one that I liked, but I never saw it again so far. Zombies... I've never been a fan of zombies, so I didn't like this type of zombies either. I guess it looks cool, and the whole card system is alright, but i'm not liking the whole zombies thing at all. Overall the game is probably like a 7 out of 10, but I wouldn't say that it's very bad, I liked the idea and everything, but when they release new CoD every year they lack something new. And this time I think the maps of the multiplayer have been kind of forgotten. They just added a bunch of maps that are boring and most of them are too big for 12 players."
76561198251212550,Recommended,292730,26424462,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,cjwest1993,everyones hating on a came with bad optimization.. i have 0 issues with perfect 60 fps no problems no stuttering no crashing.. the games been out for less than a full day.. i guess nobody ever heard of an update.. im sure 95% of all problems will be fixed in a few days.. but i have zero issuesand i like this game.. its actually kinda fun
,Not Recommended,292730,33060485,Posted: 30 June,all,dAnk-,no
,Not Recommended,292730,34889195,Posted: 11 September,all,nik,i actually liked this game. but its cod so thumbs down
,Recommended,292730,26424920,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Plannedcorn,Its a great game I know all the reviews on steam are just a bunch of salty people with no lives by far this is the best cod game but its still on the same level with MW
,Recommended,292730,26466778,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CloudyGiraffe,havent enjoyed a cod this much since mw2. Thank you infinity ward!
,Recommended,292730,26468171,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Minah,"I'll be honest, not what I expected from all the hate put against this COD. Naturally, if people don't like the new boost mechanics, they will instantly dislike the game from personal BO3 experiences. However, it's far more controlled in this game.  I did experience 1 crash and that was it, the only thing that would make this game better would be a few tweaks to small bugs and crashes making IW a bit stressful on those who play it. I loved Black Ops 3 a lot and thought this would be a terrible reskin, but I was wrong. Great work, now let's see if they can not take the same direction Treyarch took with Black Ops 3 through their pathetic updates. :)"
76561198030323802,Recommended,292730,26491231,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Grand Canyon Moses,"I'm calling it now, this is the most UNDERATED game of the year, or at least in terms of single player. The single player campaign is one of the best of the COD franchise, in terms of the story, characterization, Gameplay, etc.. It's an amazing mix between Black ops 2 and/or 3 (more like 2 for me) and Mass Effect. There is even side missions for goodness sake! They're like 5-15 minutes each, but extremely fun. I completed this game between 7-8 hours which is really not bad, but it would have been a much longer game for sure in terms of lengthier or just more side missions to do; it's closer to an RPG game than your typical COD campaign. I give the campaign alone a 9/10. Now the multiplayer is probably the weakest in the game, which mostly explains all the negative reviews because not many people play the campaign with any video game now days. Now, that's not to say it sux. I personally still think it's alot of fun. It's much better than Ghost and Advanced Warfare for sure. I personally like it a little more than BO3. Maybe i'm more keen to it's futuristic setting more than B03's adaptation. It feels a little more militaristic. Nothing really new though, pretty much the same old. The map designing is impressive, but like ghost, probably a little bit too big for a COD game. I give it a 7.5/10 Now last but not least....ZOMBIES! I actually had low expectations for this, because I was hoping they go back to an Extiction like mode, pretty much like Zombies mode but Aliens which would make sense for a space game right? So for Infinity Ward to do Zombies as well made no sense to me, only that they where probably thinking ""People only care for Zombies so we should do it too."" But I still gave it a chance, and I'm SOOOO glad i did! They way they did it with the 80's sci fi style made it extremely fun! It's wacky but they made it work unlike BO3. Treyarch made Zombies for B03 completely over the top. With the newer DLC released by adding Dragons and such was a bit too much for my taste. I think Infinite Warfare made the right decision here to continue with the zombies mode tradition. Most people think it's the only redeemable thing about the game, but I think the single player along with zombies mode the game awesome. 8.5/10 Overall it's not a terrible game at all. There is just a bunch of whiny PC butthurt trolls. I'm a PC fanatic but at least I try something before judgeing it. Most people I know LOVE the game. The console players at least are a more humble community. It's just becoming a thing now to be in the COD HATE bandwagon. I overall enjoy this game and did not regret my purchase. Now the problem with the PC edition is it's bad port. Terrible Optimiztion. Alot of people been having these issues like screen tearing and Framerate drops. I don't have and problems luckily, even with max settings, but sadly alot of other people do. It's like ACTIVISION does not care for the PC community at all. Also it is a little ridiculous to only get Modern Warfare Remaster if you buy the LEGAY edition, it should be a seperate purchase, and hopefully they will sometime soon. But for $80 for 2 FULL games that have both Single and Multiplayer modes really isn't Bad, compared to EA with the Battlefield and Battlefront rip offs. If you buy the complete Deluxe edition which includes Infinite Warefare + Season Pass + MW:R its $99. But if you Buy Battlefield 1 with the season pass, it's $110. see what I mean? Overall I give Infinite Warefare a 8.5/10I will also review Modern Warfare Remaster once I complete the game. So stay tune for an upate!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30233687,Posted: 27 February,all,aku,I'd rather eat dog♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,28620904,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,poison47,"Dont listen to all the crustys who talk this game down. I bought the deluxe edition while it was on sale, and, well, I was pleasently surprised considering all the mixed reviews. I would recommend this game to any of my friends and especially for anyone who enjoys HC TDM. HC TDM IS ACTIVE! Its all i ever play. it usueally takes several seconds to find a match in HC TDM. Buy this!COD IW MULTIPLAYER has the most fluid momentum fps game mechanics of any online fps game to date.COD IW CAMPAIGN I havent tried it yet. (will update)COD MW REMASTERED CAMPAIGN Amazing Graphics,COD MW REMASTERED MULTIPLAYER I havent tried it yet(will update)"
76561198149014119,Recommended,292730,30216039,Posted: 27 February,all,BenjaNZ HLW,"this is more fun than bo3       and its so cute that people still buy and play this game when they hate it already....lolwhy wil you waste your own time doing something you dont like?   anyway, it is a cod game so its solid in gameplay, not saying i love this game though but its not bad at all, its just a call of duty game..   i prefer this over bo3 as i actually dont like coloful maps, its feels stupid like clowns fighting easchother. the gunplay is so much better than bo3. in bo3 it feels like youre shooting marshmallow....i dont wanna type anymore      its better than bo3 IMO   but personally i wont buy this game unless its under 10 q"
,Recommended,292730,26416816,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CsG | Mr.Bubbles,"Honestly, I bought the game with very little expectations and mostly for MWR. From the short amount of time I played IW, there was no fps drop and the game played like butter. Gameplay is fast paced and entertaining. Cant speak about weapon balance as i have not played for very long. I just wanted to get a review up that wasnt just bad port poor performance. Most of my friends have not had performance issues that seem to be in most of the bad reviews."
,Recommended,292730,31901530,Posted: 22 May,all,{LEO} Prostall,This Is A Fantastic Game!! I Love It So So Much!!! I Recomend This To Many.
,Recommended,292730,26429261,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,neve,god damn this game just gets me so erect i get those feeds my ♥♥♥♥♥ come at me lol also andre a sexy ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198205050667,Recommended,292730,26413424,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mouse [TEAM pirate],a great game overall people hate it because they think battle fall 1 is better
76561198031744890,Recommended,292730,30206480,Posted: 26 February,all,Doomsday6597,It was cool.
,Recommended,292730,30718754,Posted: 24 March,all,PhantomTehM8,Better than the most recent Star Wars Battlefront
,Recommended,292730,27572344,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkFox,"Game has a fantastic single player story to play through and the different locations are all done very well. The only two things I really hold against this game is that the campaign could have been longer and the Multi-Player could have been much better. Beyond that, the game is a blast to play and I have already played through the single player campaign twice and I will likely do a third playthrough for survival."
76561198015247346,Recommended,292730,28318311,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bern,This game is absolute garbage. Do Not Spend 100$ Just to get Modern Warfare Remastered.This game Constantly rubberbands and lags. I run a GTX 970 and It still rubberbands.DO NOT BUY1.5/10
,Recommended,292730,26589757,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,NukeDude27,the game is good
,Recommended,292730,26495649,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Fernweh | Not accepting  trades,its pretty solid +1 Thumbs Up
,Recommended,292730,26763932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TryhQrd,"Amazing graphics, campaign really fun. Similar mechanics to Black Ops III."
76561198219452693,Recommended,292730,30223219,Posted: 27 February,all,htfhtfhtf,"Decent COD game, nothing outstanding, but also nothing terrible."
76561198060637457,Recommended,292730,26429031,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bluedevil,"I personally have had no issues apart from initial start up but Campaign and Multiplayer both working fine, few bits of lag nothing major."
,Not Recommended,292730,35030038,Posted: 17 September,all,Vladimir Putinski,Its honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥ the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i think it should get a rename STAR WARS: INFINITE WARFARE because its too futureistic.Its not good WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT FOR ANYONE ):
76561198214506199,Recommended,292730,30160067,Posted: 24 February,all,Alpha pvpro.com,This game for me is fun but so many reviews are negative.I think this game is good.Good luck with next game! gg wp
,Recommended,292730,30213216,Posted: 26 February,all,1t,This game is so funny but there are few players
,Recommended,292730,29217076,Posted: 12 January,all,rain,"My first COD so i have nothing bad to say. This game kept me busy for weeks but unfortunately BF1 took over. Still recommend it though. By the way, Southeast Asia players do join my Discord gaming group atdiscord.gg/MYnWrkAand help make it a home to SEA gamers :) Mucho appreciated!!"
76561197981003011,Recommended,292730,26421103,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SaneVirus,"I wish people would stop giving awesome games nasty reviews.  I guess that I am fortunate, game runs beautifully.  So far I've tried out the new game, the remaster, and the remaster multiplayer.  Mermory lane was strolled down.  The remaster is the same game, but with better graphics!  Yes, this game is very graphics heavy.  I strongly recommend this to any old school COD fans.  I lost my love for the series since Moderm Warfare 2 came out.  This game more than renews that old fire!  Kill the terroist!!!"
,Recommended,292730,30250684,Posted: 28 February,all,Station,"RIP lame old fart COD, long live unrealistic FUN!"
,Recommended,292730,26438317,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dark Warrior,"Fun, fast, shooter game. Can''t not be must to play."
76561198204705981,Recommended,292730,30231363,Posted: 27 February,all,APPLE  S<keys 2 usd,its not bad like most people think
76561198327629677,Recommended,292730,30846515,Posted: 30 March,all,5LooF,the game crashes earlier and it wasnt !!when I choosr continue its loads for a long time and then crashes dunno why!can some1 help me plzz?!!! :(
76561198054078763,Recommended,292730,30001679,Posted: 17 February,all,Mynameisjeff,"Love it 10 out of 10, get on this people its amazing"
,Not Recommended,292730,31832478,Posted: 18 May,all,yeems,"this game was the worst thing i have ever played. even worse than playing a dora the explorer flash game on the internets. i may not have played long but it was the worst 0.4 hours of my life according to steam. this game is worse than the way kim jong un rules his country, and thats saying something"
76561198104138226,Recommended,292730,30227345,Posted: 27 February,all,JulianB960,"When I first saw how many people hated this game I expected it to be a bad game. I haven't played a Call of Duty since Black Ops 2 and I have to say I'm actually not disappointed. Infinite Warfare is a well made and original game. Hardcore Call of Duty fans probably just dislike it because of the future setting, but I like and it's money well spend. I'd give it a 8/10. It's not perfect but It's a solid game worth playing."
,Recommended,292730,30216526,Posted: 27 February,all,𝒾𝓂𝓁𝑒𝑔𝑒𝓃𝒹,Positive for Infinite Warfare:Nice graphicsGood story and multiplayerA lot of camos and attachments on the weaponsZombies are better than other Call of Duty gamesNegative for Infinite Warfare:-
,Recommended,292730,30185877,Posted: 25 February,all,Rubicon,"The game's great. Good ol' Call of Duty.There will always be the haters, I mean... It's cool to hate Call of Duty right?I recommend it.Only complaint I have is the occasional framerate stuttering.I've only noticed it in 2 matches, but hey, I'm sure it'll get fixed soon.So not really a big deal."
76561198057694788,Recommended,292730,26426246,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,«✪Nigeru Faggimus✪»,The game is not that bad
76561198315768701,Not Recommended,292730,29773159,Posted: 7 February,all,Ru5h hyped,worst cod game ever made -10/10
76561197961667050,Not Recommended,292730,30157158,Posted: 24 February,all,<3 Sweeetheart <3,"LOST CONNECTION TO HOST EVERY F*KING TIME.  SP DISABLED,  COMPLETE JOKE F*K THIS GAME AND COMPANY HARD IN THEIR TIGHT BROWN HOLE"
76561198321461661,Not Recommended,292730,31653431,Posted: 9 May,all,BenWincze,sucks
,Recommended,292730,26478160,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,2Pac,Idk why people are hating this game is good and stfu about advanced warfare v2 all new cods are the same
,Recommended,292730,26479915,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DGxShAdOwZz,"Honest Review - Not sure what i think of Infinite warfare but i do love modern warfare remastered, its amazing, but as i said, i dont even know if i like IW or not. Edit - Took a little bit of time to get into it. Try it out, but dont expect to be 100% into it right at the start with MP, just give it time to get into it especially if you play MWR before hand.TLDR - Give it time to get into it and you might actually like it, runs smoothOh and to the kids crying about server browser for COD4, Other versions didnt have a SB so deal with it? Atleast its better than getting into 10x xp servers, and servers with bs admins."
76561198136119273,Recommended,292730,26484767,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Black Lifes Matter jk,its ok but closed lobby pisse me off lol xD
76561198188738497,Recommended,292730,30285373,Posted: 2 March,all,constant gamer,love the game dont know why other people hate it but its tier oppinion.GOOD JOB INFINITY WARD!!!
76561198082162494,Recommended,292730,30205368,Posted: 26 February,all,[Isis]Moustafa,"I lOVE THIS GAME specialy free weekend , sorry guys for the kills btw<But seriously you guys crying for no reason , what do you want know ??? they give to you the best as they can , it is a sci-fi game in multiplayer and its cool ! i agrred that free weekend sould include zombies ...maybe next time im sure. i own the game in a different account , and i can say guys , Zombies are awsome in this game , its beautifull huge  maps, all freaking perks avaible, specials guns for evryone ...This is call of duty, and i will never bad quote on there game , i just buy the new one evrywhere , and i dont expect something extremly new or wow super mtf graphics dude... this is call of duty and i will always like it ! and ghost was amazing for the aliens need a new one"
76561198122782102,Recommended,292730,27688585,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JRR,"Futuristic, so far so good"
76561197989298452,Recommended,292730,27580140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[RIP] PaddeMcnasty,"Game? Dunno. Optimized? YES! Worth a buy, try for an hour, love it or don't. I do."
,Recommended,292730,31815816,Posted: 17 May,all,Is This Call Of Duty?,ZOMBIES = GOODMUTIPLAYER = HACKERS AND RAGE
,Recommended,292730,30131893,Posted: 23 February,all,SCUM NATH,not sure runs well thou
76561198015632156,Recommended,292730,26412603,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,silkk110,"Loving this game so far.  The story is nothing new for cod but the change of time, meaning  further into the future. I don't have a problem with the time because i play many games set in the future.  This and titanfall will be comapre but i don't think they should be. Well for one titanfall has hugh robots and  Cod has man sized ones. And since each of the 3 studio's have now tried similar movement like titanfall, then the game that if you must compare would be titanfall 1. Since the team that help make cod what it is is now making titanfall the controls are similar but different. The main reason pilot's in titanfall can double jump and all the movement stuff is the jump gear. So that right there is something IW doesnt use in all mission's and expecting to jump around like the pilots in TF 1/2 is expecting too much. Dont get me wrong i like the controls but they like all games need a min to get use too.StorySo the story starts off like most cod's which is with a big showing of action. The city you start in is very detailed and looks very good. The main character is someone you will be able to like and care what happens to him.Having put in more time I can feel confident that even tho the story isnt over I have played enough to help inform ppl. The story has good characters who do the normal back and forth with each other. Atfer a few mission's they start to build a trust with each other, even tho they are from different branches of the military they know they have a job to do. The story like most cod's has a build up and will start to flesh out with each mission.  The mission layout is very current gen, which is open so you can pick which you want to do from a map of our solar system. They are like alot of open world rpg's. By that i mean they have a main mission and side misssion's from the main story but each mission gives you reason's why you would do it. Such as perks and weapons plus all the extra's like attachments. So each mission can be more import to you depending on which perk and other bonus's you want.GraphicsThe game looks good at 1080p and looks even better at 1440p. I'm one of the lucky one's in which i can play it fine and it is running fine even at 4k. But I know some have had problems having the game run let alone play a mission. The game has alot of little details which help make you feel like you out in space or on another world.  One missions where you are on the moon and in the back round you can see earth.  This is one of the better looking cod's and with the look it plays like cod. The zero g missions takes a sec to get use too and feels wired at first."
,Recommended,292730,26416421,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ghosting,Nvm this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks was good for a week then went to♥♥♥♥♥♥please stop making call of dutys you are ruining call of duty♥♥♥♥♥♥ward
,Recommended,292730,26422085,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,WashedUp™,"♥♥♥♥ the haters honestly, The game runs great on my rig(bottom of review), the campaign is interesting to say the least, and the multiplayer is like BO3 just with more customization. IW's take on zombies actually looks pretty cool. i have had only one issue with the game and its the random mouse jitters that ive seen in every cod ive played on pcCPU : i5 6600K @ 4.0GHzGPU : Asus Gefore GTX 1080 OC 8GBRam : 16GB DDR4 @ 2100MHzP.S. i dont care how old the engine of the game is, i only mentioned it runs great because 95% of the reviews i read on steam say it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on their rigs which are only slightly worse than mine"
,Recommended,292730,30129405,Posted: 23 February,all,Fat cow dying from diabetes,I thought this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥but then I got it on the 3 day trial and it was amazing! I only tried multiplayer and I already want to buy this game!9/10One of the most fun MULTIPLAYER games.Bouncy ping sometimes and people♥♥♥♥♥♥on snipers because everyone is fast and can exo jump.
76561198011009456,Recommended,292730,26492023,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Eggdrasil,I have only played the campain thus far but I got to say that it was pretty damn good. So if you are a solo player feel free to pick this game up
,Recommended,292730,26490271,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MutzMutz,"TL.DRIf you want a goodsci-fi war storywith strong characters :get it and play the campaign andonlythe campaign.If you want the stupidmultiplayer:play the old games.-----------------------------------------------Peace to the fallen.-----------------------------------------------I have played every Call of Duty that I own for 1 thing only: it's campaign.Infinite Warfare has thebestcampaign I have played in a long time.I needed a good sci-fi story, and I got it!Very well executed sci-fi setting, gorgeous looking environments, everything feels and looks great. High production value that makes it feel like a sci-fi movie. At more than one point during the story I felt that it would have been incredible in VR. The characters you will meet and fight with will leave their mark on you if you get pulled in the game. Cannot say more without spoiling the story.I didn't get bored during my 11 hour stroll through the story at any point, which is very rare considering the games that come out these days.All the gameplay additions (wallrun, jetpack, zero-g, equipment) merge brilliantly in the game and nothing feels artificially brought in. Some scenes are just, simply put: incredible.To be honest, the setting is just like how I imagine a war in Leviathan Wakes (The Expanse TV Show).Haven't touched multiplayer and will not touch it. The only multiplayer they should have done is a co-op type of multiplayer, where each player acts in the world (not necessarily in the same place).Worth the money?I had fun, I was touched by the story, I loved each mission. Hell yes!Facts:10 hour CampaignSci-Fi settingVery high production valueOnly played the CampaignSome critique:Would have loved to explore more of Retribution.More planet-side missions would have been welcome (like the opening mission)."
,Recommended,292730,30182551,Posted: 25 February,all,CaPtAiN aUtIsM0,"Really good game, People suck at it thats why they dont like it"
,Recommended,292730,26422113,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ShinnikinsLive!,"Update: I've now gone through the campaign and it was worth it. Great story, good actors and going out in style. Could have hoped for a happier ending, but its COD. Worth playing though.I've got far enough through the campaign now that I feel like I can leave a meaningful review. So far its damn good.A lot of other reviews having been comparing it to other games or having issues with performance. My own rig is mid-high and runs this game beautifully after I reduced its rather ambitious default settings a tad. 90fps at 2K and loving every pixel.The controls are a little sluggish but ramp up the sensitivity and that goes away. The boost boots are pretty sick once you cotten on to all the funky ways you can use them to get around.Acting, performance capture and audio, great. Not much 'awe' inspiring music but decent and doesnt try to hammer you with audio to make 'atmostphere' like some games which is nice. Single Player is diverting and if you love SCIFI this definately hits a lot of good points. The guns are probably the only sinking point, a little MW and not enough SCIFI there, that said maybe later guns you unlock are much better.Some good actors involved as well right from the start and Ethan is great, I want one (minus the head crushing lol).I can't comment on the multiplayer, I havent tried it and frankly may never do so. I play COD for the story, I'm probably in a minority but there you have it.Overall: Good solid game. If the negative performance reviews are putting you off give it a week or two to patch up, issues aren't that uncommon with big release games on PC (the shear number of possible configurations makes it near impossible to test, they do their best and they can't all have dedicated backers and test groups like SC).That said, buy it and give it a shot.Steam are pretty damn good at refunds if the issues do effect you and you can always come back to it or buy it for console.Recommendation: If your having graphics issues or performance issues knock the shadows down to Med, reduce the AA to x1 and make sure your Resolution and Refresh rate match your monitor and windows settings. Scaling up to 4k is nice, if you have the meat in your PC to do it but kills everything else. 4K is bit pointless as well unless you put some serious money into your setup anyway."
,Recommended,292730,26445814,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zerenade,"First off, im not a huge CoD fan, but really guys come on.!I dont know why people rage over the game all the time, most of the people are battlefield 1 fans who join the cod community and make reviews after 19min gameplay and crying over the game before they refund. Cod now adays has turned into something extra and new. I know this isnt Cod 4, its flying, running on walls and such, if people hate that.. its fine. I know its pretty much not Cod anymore its more of a mix between old cod and titanfall or what ever people wanna call it. I never had lag, issues, crashed. I got good fps all the time, finding games and so on all the time, my friend got a really bad graphic card and still play this game without any issues at all.People need to understand that things change, every game and company and your entire life will not be the same for 50 years. I think this game is really cool and its really good optimized compared to what black ops 3 was the first days. Try the game out, if you dont like, refund it and play something you like. Why even this hate towards everything that changes. They also made Cod 4 remastered but people cry over that too. Btw, reason to 80% of the hate comments around the game usually has a reason of kids not being able to afford the game or people who cant understand that things change since the first CoD game or people who cant understand that every game doesnt contain war and airplanes like battlefield.(Dont even say that cod is making the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year, they doing their best they also made remastered this year for all the crying fanboys out there. Battlefield has like 20 games and they released one every year since 2002, so dont even judge Cod)"
76561198110359610,Recommended,292730,26414866,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gettersburg,Let be clear if your not a COD player dont buy this! Becouse it a COD game not a normal one I for one love the set and what thay do but if you never bought a COD game get one of the cheaper ones on offer and try that first.all so for the normal price of £40 I consider the game well worth it pay 80 and your asking to be dispointed.
,Recommended,292730,26550279,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Death Wish,"Don't listen to the whiny kids who played this game for less than a few hours and wrote a negative review. Playing anything for less than a few hours is never enough time to form a proper opinion.This game runs great and looks beautiful and I only have a GTX 960 with an i7 5820k OCd to 4.2 Ghz and 16 Gigs of RAM.Ghosts - BO3 were absolutely garbage, but not this game, this game is fun good.This game is by no means Pay-to-win, only skilless crybabies say that."
,Recommended,292730,30124062,Posted: 23 February,all,oof,"it isnt terrible, but it isnt great either."
,Not Recommended,292730,30118521,Posted: 23 February,all,SodaThief23,The campaign wasnt that bad.
,Recommended,292730,26449524,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BipolarTopHat,"Very enjoyable campaign.  If you like sci-fi games, give it a shot.  I just saw someone complaining to go back to call of dutys roots and do another modern warfare.... No ♥♥♥♥♥, its roots are ww2 games, stfu"
76561198122446546,Recommended,292730,26460574,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,odellt117,"I really enjoyed the single player of this game.  It was very fast paced and the story, while not complex, was very fun.  A solid 8/10.I am a little diappointed with the zombie mode as there are a ton of things that complicate the game mode."
,Recommended,292730,26466391,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Harbinger,Infinite Warfare Singleplayer = Call of Duty: Mass Effect/*Reyes = ShepardEthan = Legion*/
,Recommended,292730,26473155,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ᔕᕼᖇᑌᗰ,Amazing game!The multiplayer is fastpace and very engaging. The campaign is very captivating. And the zombies is just plain amazing!
,Recommended,292730,26413440,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,$o0o icey,i like the game it plays better than Bo3! but its faster
76561198028367195,Recommended,292730,26491397,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,supesandbats,"Relax. Its COD.Zero G fights are cool, the sniper rifle that switches to an assault rifle is cool. I liked the options to pick different missions, the stealth ones were sweet.To me the flying levels were great, but I wasn't expecting a sim.The story is whatever, but as if everyone didn't already skip all the cinematics, and I've played every COD and I couldn't tell you what the story was in any of them, and I already forgot the story to Titanfall 2, which I also thought had a fun campaign.Bottom line, expectations for COD should be a 6 hr micheal bay style campaign, incremental changes/tweaks to the multiplayer system, and a continuously improving zombies mode, and to me that's exactly what you get here."
,Not Recommended,292730,26415615,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vacationist,"Netcode is garbage, gets killed around the corner all the time, can't see your ping.Matchmaking sucks, get kicked out of the lobby when it's counting down, put you into the noob team vs parties and expect you to carry scrubs every game.Awful spawn logic, the second you spawn there's already enemies and gunfights on your screen.Jerky mouse movement, 91 fps, buggy if you have a 144hz monitor, ugly graphics, no steam profile integration.Maps are way too small for fast exo movement and doesn't suit the short ttk+slow health regen, it's hard to get high streak because you get traded so easily after gunfight."
76561198302126649,Recommended,292730,26513685,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Devils Hitman,Awesome game. One of my favorites. I'm not sure why people are hating on it.
76561198255927781,Recommended,292730,26624806,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Mangu,8/10
,Not Recommended,292730,30228334,Posted: 27 February,all,Ponntare0407 *The Blues Brothers,Cant Play this game it crash so mutch when im going in to campain it crash This game SUCK
,Recommended,292730,30347709,Posted: 5 March,all,Isaaciscoo,"Compared to your other call of duty games, this one is the same if not better quality with the exception of jetpacks and space themed campaign. This game actually got a lot of random hate. I sold one of my knives from csgo and got this game for hima nd I half off. This game was great and the zombies was really great. The main thing I'm unhappy about is Activision ACTUALLY THINKING WE'LL PAY 50 BUCKS FOR THE NEXT ZOMBIE CAMPAIGN. It's like thier digging themselves in a hole with that one."
,Recommended,292730,26411376,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,VividVapes,Get this game you ♥♥♥♥s
76561198123068849,Recommended,292730,26466475,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Berserk Buffalo,IW slower version of BO3 and is extremely fun. Bought it for Modern Warfare Remastered. All both games need is more players
76561198208246185,Recommended,292730,33854806,Posted: 28 July,all,Infinity XBolt yt,"to be honest guys i like the game i know wating in lobby to find a game is hard, but its our foult for low player count, also yah the pre loading shaders is a pain but i can handle it cuz the rest of the game is fine it hasnt ever crashed for me or had lag drops"
76561198084284065,Recommended,292730,26446817,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[InfSquad] [ѕʊɴ] dc,not so bad but ♥♥♥♥ remaster
,Recommended,292730,30237379,Posted: 28 February,all,Losy,sure
,Not Recommended,292730,30173181,Posted: 25 February,all,Czarno-Bialy,"If I could only run this♥♥♥♥♥♥instead: match is running, would be awesome.Edit: Okey i added to firewall this game and played a little, still no reason to change opinion."
,Recommended,292730,26502077,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Arteris,Obviously nobody gives a ♥♥♥♥ about the campaign. (but the robot is the best character)MP is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Zombies is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It is ABSOLUTELY worth the $60. But if you are used to a high FOV you probably wont like MW remastered.
76561198016071566,Recommended,292730,26487265,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BrunoYoo,"Great single player story and concept compared to last a few CODs.But same instant & quick & silly multiplayer experiance,  out of date graphics."
76561198296829928,Recommended,292730,26417328,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HexAid,"Havent played alot but i gotta say, i like it, f**ck the haters!"
,Recommended,292730,26468102,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,^4Ero,"Infinite Warfare is only going to be fun for you in the slightest, if you enjoyed Black Ops 3. If you did not like that game, then I recommend not buying this one. Though the games are different in many ways, their similarities are strong as well. If you would like to get Modern Warfare Remastered, I definetely recommend getting that. It is great, I have fun while playng it, and has a high user population. I love it!"
,Recommended,292730,26491228,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Simo_Gaming,Really good game. It got me back into cod. It has got cod back into action I think. I thought cod would die but now its got me thinking it will rise again.
,Recommended,292730,30227317,Posted: 27 February,all,Fisk,"It's a good game. Better than I expected. you should buy it if you have the money for it, but wait until sale. The robots are a little bit too much for me and probably most of the negative reviews."
,Recommended,292730,30184733,Posted: 25 February,all,Jmcba,Beautiful game. personally i think it is alot of fun and similar to black ops 3 which was epic. not regrets buying this.
,Recommended,292730,30225320,Posted: 27 February,all,MattyTray,It's actually good
76561198173909535,Recommended,292730,26432941,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AlmostCheese,its good cause im not part of the hate band wagon
,Recommended,292730,30159725,Posted: 24 February,all,Jugi,"I have heard absolutely the most amount of hate In Call of Duty history from this game, but you know It Isn't quite that bad, I mean It still kind of sucks, but hey It's ok."
,Recommended,292730,30212193,Posted: 26 February,all,Spencer The Kid,"This game gets allot of hate, this is true. However, it is a good game. Now for those of you who do not know this. The Call of Duty Series is now undergoing a new THREE YEAR developement plan. I'm unsure of exactley what that means. IT could mean we are only going to get a new Call of Duty game every 3 years or it could mean that every 1.5 Years we are going to get a new game from infinity ward then a new game from treyarch. Infinite Warfare was started in 2014 so it is the first game to come out of the COD series to have such a long development period for as long as i can remember. Now down to it.Is this a good game? Yes it really is, so much hate with the overwhelmingly negetive review. DO NOT let this make your decision. IT IS a good game. It has great mechanics, balanced weapons, and an amazing story mode. Like i said, do not let the reviews of people who are  just jumping on the hate bandwagon make or break this purchase decision for you.Now i personally have swayed away from multiplayer on the PC because of uber tryhards who just destroy you and take away all the joy from playing entirely. I mostly purchase CoD games now for the Campaign and let me just say. I think that Infinity Ward struck gold with this campaign. Yes, it may have some rough spots. But overall it is a very very well designed story. It has a bit of an RPG feel to it. Allowing you to choose missions when and how you want and i find that very refreshing for a Call of Duty game.Great graphics, great smooth gameplay, great story, havent played allot of the multiplayer but that gets ehh....a 7/10 for me.So overall, it IS a good game. I would recomend it"
,Recommended,292730,30210931,Posted: 26 February,all,server,"It's pretty fun. I like it, don't know why it gets so much hate. It has a pretty solid campaign and decent enough multiplayer. Get it on sale for $15 or less."
,Recommended,292730,29565130,Posted: 29 January,all,Supreme Supervisor,"Actually a fun game, don't see what all the hate is for tbh."
76561198177128395,Recommended,292730,30214573,Posted: 26 February,all,ChristianCervantes,Theirs nothing of Infinite Warfare *Literally*
76561198190409134,Not Recommended,292730,28662585,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,*Flying Spaghetti Monster*,i want my money back u mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥u ♥♥♥♥ing robbed me i try to start out my first time on multiplayer iv been up all ♥♥♥♥ing night trying to fix this when i start the game it sais preloading shaders and then it freezes and i cant exsit it or anythn iv spent hours trying to fix this i cant so give my money back u mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥faces i want my money SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD I WASTED SO MUTCH U CUUUUNTS GIIIIIIIVE MY MONEY U♥♥♥♥♥HOLES ILL KILL U ♥♥♥♥♥ES
76561198311704810,Recommended,292730,30438110,Posted: 10 March,all,NoHaxJustAsian,"I bought this game on PC and wanted to get the COD 4 remastered game, but I cant find where to download it. Plz help."
,Recommended,292730,26447016,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Steve,it alright
,Recommended,292730,26467809,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NEEBZ,"Good day fleshy mammals. Overall not good game but has its moments.  Campaign ain't bad, multiplayer has too many bunny rabbits, and zombies is groovy but boring after a while.  Only get it on sale, and don't buy full price like I made the mistake of doing.TFW better Space Game then No Man's Sky"
76561198041649379,Recommended,292730,26479269,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sigmund,"The singleplayer campaign is one of the best i have ever played. Simply amazing story and cutscenes, it feels like a high quality science fiction full of drama and action.In my opinion, the campaign alone is worth the full price.Good soundtrack, amazing visuals, the details on the ships and bases is amazing.Game runs good and loads very fast.Zombies is a lot of fun as usual.Multiplayer is fun and fast paced as is usual in COD.And unlike BF1, the enemies aren't bullet sponges.Highly recommend this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,292730,27692229,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,halex,"This game is really cool. I haven't played the campaign yet, but in MP, there's barely any hackers (they need an anti-cheat tho) and they'res barely any annoying weapons in the game. I also thought that ZiS is pretty cool too. It's optimized too.I also got MWR with IW, and it's the laggiest game I've ever seen in my life. It was unoptimized, It'll lag spike so much that it's almost unplayable. I have a GTX 980TI and a i5 4690K and it lags like hell. If you're actually expecting to play this game I would wait until they optimize it."
,Recommended,292730,26422270,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,"YEAH, I'M ON 'EM!"
76561198321068247,Not Recommended,292730,33405313,Posted: 9 July,all,PINKHARAMBE|CS.MONEY,doesnt work so i guess its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198376493026,Recommended,292730,33909832,Posted: 30 July,all,JonathanBG,good.
,Recommended,292730,26428197,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,OvOShooter,Infinite warfare is a product of hate. Most people do not give it a chance. This game is not BO3 or titanfall 2 or battlefield 1. This game is infinite warfare. Stop comparing stop bringing it down and give it a chance. This game is like mw2 in space. Mw2 was fun right? Well this is fun af. The wall running and slide is not clunky it just has been slowed down for a slower pace then b03. Which in my opinion was needed. The guns all sound nice there fun to play with. The maps are nice cool maps good spawn points. It's a fun game give it a chance. Its optimzed people who said it it's not do not understand the concept of lowering settings to get it going. Probably trying to run it at 4k who knows. Ive played all of the call of dutys and this one just brings a refreshing take on it. And I quite enjoy it and you will too. Trust me.
,Recommended,292730,26417123,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CrownDeaglE,"This is for Infinite Warfare, not MWR. Normal cod4 on PC is superior to MWR in every way possible.Playing this on an i7 - 2600k, gtx 760 and 8gb ram (basically minimum / just above minimum system reqs) im getting 70 - 90 fps on medium 1080p on multiplayer.Compare this to Black ops 3, where i needed to run it at low, 90% render resolution to get just 60fps, Infinity Ward actually beat out treyarch, which is sad.The gameplay of MP? Black ops 3.5"
,Recommended,292730,26438925,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,VoxDei,Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remaster-piece tbh.IW is also a lot of fun too
76561198160338021,Recommended,292730,26418785,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,F A D E,"It's good, it just needs some optimization fixes and its set to go.BUT...The modern warfare remastered is AMAZING."
,Recommended,292730,26413316,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Marc,"(THIS IS A EARLY REVIEW, PLEASE CONSIDER)Call of Duty Infinite Warfare,The game that has beaten a record in the most disliked video game trailer on Youtube.It's actually not that bad!From now on my reviews are going to be way different from how I was making them before, just to minimise the hate.Do I enjoy playing ? Yes, I am definetly going to play untill I reach level max on the Multiplayer and definetly going to play the zombie mode that turns out to be amazing!I'm a PC Gamer... Do I like the graphics, is it performing well ? I personally use a GTX 980 Ti and a I5 4670 and I have nothing more to say than i'm doing an average of 90 PFS in the multiplayer at least I did not try the zombie mode yet tho. Also yeah I do enjoy their graphics system, to me it looks a bit more cartoony, less realistic than the other and that's actually positive to me!Is the General Gameplay fun ? Yeah i'm having a load of fun ! I've been into a couple of games and I just love to feel the action in this Call of Duty, well done Infinity Ward!Multiplayer? I have not encountered any sort of lags, ping issues, or crashes so i'd say it handles pretty well the 6000 players that we currently have on the PC.Zombie ? Can't say much about it it's still a early review I have not test itThank you for reading,Toby"
,Recommended,292730,30208776,Posted: 26 February,all,LUV ME I HAS AUTISM,"You know what ♥♥♥♥ the out cry, I wouldn't say I am a COD Fanboy but i do fancy myself some COD once and a while, but damn this game is not ♥♥♥♥in that bad, i mean its not the best but its not that bad, first of all this game 100% black ops 3, i hated that♥♥♥♥♥♥ is the best COD, no, is it the best future COD, Hell no that♥♥♥♥♥♥belongs to Advance Warfare, but you know what all you COD fanboys overreating, so just deal with it, and wait a year, i promise you will get a new COD"
76561198175488479,Recommended,292730,26444138,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,"I enjoyed cod:IW the multiplayer is good, there is good variety and the game runs very smoothly even with max graphic settings. Now im not a big cod fan I only ever played and owned 2 cod games which is cod MW2 and Black ops 3. There are a few problems with trying to connect with my friend on zombies or multiplayer and other minor problems but other than that I think this game is amazing its definitely the best cod game yet... well there is MW remasterd."
,Recommended,292730,26467326,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hyden,Always a fantastic campaign. Great package and great remaster. Well done !9-10
76561198030787887,Recommended,292730,26426121,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Cujo,"This is my first CoD game. I bought it primarily for the campaign and the remastered game. I only have an interest in both campaigns. I have no interest in the multiplayer side of the game. My comp is 16gb ram, i7-6700k, GTX 980 Ti.Technicals:The game runs very well on my system. There are no issues what so ever. I was a bit put off by the graphics though. While they do pass for a AAA game, I feel they're missing some elements in the graphics. They feel a little too simplistic. I'm not sure whether it's ambient lighting, or god rays or something, but it's missing something or a few things.Don't get me wrong. They do pass and therefore I can get on with playing the game. The graphics are what they need to be to tell a story on a modern machine. But I was expecting more. Doom's game engine has more in it than this game, so I'm a bit amazed that this is lacking.Campaign:I am enjoying the campaign. In fact, I am enjoying it quite a lot. Normally in these FPS campaign games there's reasons to run into a room and search out every nook and cranny - even though the NPC's are telling you hurry up because of some time pressing serious issue. In this game, there's no reason to look at every nook and cranny simply because there's nothing to interact with. While some people might find that boring, when combined with a campaign that is linear and in a war setting where you're playing a soldier, it means you can get on with the action. As such the game feels more realistic - as if you are actually the protagonist performing your role. In other games, you'd be expected to do x immediately, but instead you'd stuff about with currently irrelevent consoles and other computer terminals just to see what's there. I like this direct, focused, linear way of doing things for a war person - it makes sense and creates more immersion.Overall I give the campaign a good thumbs up. If you like to look around for secrets and other hidden things, then this probably isn't the game for you. If you like in combat action with a focused agenda that leads you on a linear path without needing to explore every corner and you're interersted in a good campaign, then this is for you. I can't say whether this is a good campaign compared to other CoD games, because I've never played them. But I'm satisfied with this campaign.Note: This review is only about the campaign and technical issues the game has (if any). It does not take into consideration the state of multiplayer."
,Recommended,292730,26412119,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pugweiser,"All the haters make this game even more enjoyable the hate bandwagon surrounding this before release has been proven to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is hands down one of the best Call Of Duty's I've played, the campign for Infinite Warfare is probably the best or joint best one to date, the zombies is god damn hilarious and I consider it the best zombies experience that I've played. As for the multiplayer I've had a few matches and the gunplay and movement is smooth so far I can't fault it, there weren't that many games but hell I was playing less than an hour after release so I can't really complain. As for you morons in denial...yeah you loved COD4 so did all of us but don't lie to yourself and everyone else if you think you aren't going to play Infinite Warfare because your saltyness is too much to prevent you from forming your own opinion because this game got♥♥♥♥♥♥on before it was even released.Also you ♥♥♥♥wits who gave the game a negative review with less than 1 hour of gameplay (excluding those with performance and crashing issues) why the hell did you spend money on it you plebs, learn to do some research before you buy a game otherwise give mummy her credit card back."
,Recommended,292730,26443006,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Julian CB,"I loved the game really , i can say if you're a fan of Space games  you'll love COD infinite warfer they're puting alot of things in it , i love flying the Jakal every mission and upgrading it , i liked the charecters of course with j.Snow even that he the evil guy , the weapons are cool . for me This game is so badass .))"
76561198040866864,Recommended,292730,26435455,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Lazy Dog Daddy,"Pro: CoD games , i enjoyed blops3 and im enjoying thisCons: MW remastered not being included in normal version , UAVs being the lower killstreak available ....Im recommending with caution , this is a call of duty game set in the future , those that are stuck in the past wont enjoy this imo"
,Recommended,292730,30261882,Posted: 1 March,all,♡ TRUMP ♡ ★2020★,I honestly like this game I don't understand why so many people dislike it
76561198109491000,Recommended,292730,26425046,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ShadesOfSingularity,Inifinite warfare campaign is actually very good.The plot depth and the great space battles are actually well constructed.Also side quests added.Overall the campaign was very enjoyable for me.The multiplayer tho... Can't play at all... There just arent enough players playing.Agian if the game was around 30USD (just infinite warfare) I would probablly purchase just for the really awesome campagin.thumbs up for CoD 4 tho xd
76561197988597991,Recommended,292730,30239941,Posted: 28 February,all,unknown sold!er,i really like playing this game.
76561198293455360,Recommended,292730,26466405,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Triskelion,This game does not deserve the hate at all.
76561198283473220,Recommended,292730,28137014,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[TIT] Death™,"Thought it was going to be bad, but It's one of the best COD games i have ever played!!"
76561198283021057,Recommended,292730,27658393,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Beleben,wow i buy the legacy edition but it doesnt give me the game
76561197970582046,Recommended,292730,26457178,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GreyWolf,"Loved the single player campaign probably the best COD campaign since the MW series not sure about it being short was over 8 hours which is way longer than standard fps campaigns. Have no clue about Multi Player as i have no itention of ever playing it I always play COD games for the single player.Down sides, the side missions while fun can get repeative if you like the fighter combat though you will probably love them price well i got it for 25 due to steam balance after finally selling all my steam trading cards so at full price mmm maybe but if you are sittng on the fence, Titanfal 2  campaign is really good Dishonored 2 is out this week thats bound to have a great single player experience since i cant maybe a purchase i ll go with recommended as i did enjoy the hell out of the campaign."
,Recommended,292730,30200485,Posted: 26 February,all,gamerboy6302 <3 Rags,"You know, I actually really like this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,292730,26419524,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FrankieTomasicTV,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,292730,30234304,Posted: 27 February,all,APBT82,Zombies mode - The only reason to play this game!
76561198079464061,Recommended,292730,30210382,Posted: 26 February,all,EndurableCash,This game made me know how triple game companies think like..... They only want the customers to be brain dead.....
76561198326987584,Recommended,292730,26414898,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,azhar.muradin,It is not working it is crashing
,Recommended,292730,26512505,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Haters are gonna hate this game because it's Call of Duty, but it's actually quite fun. Admittedly there are bugs and kinks they need to work out, such as the 91 fps cap in multiplayer, matchmaking issues, and some weapon balancing. Other than that i've had a blast on the multiplayer and campaign is nothing short of awesome. If you like fps' or have been a fan of Call of Duty in general this one definitely isn't going to let you down. Don't think I forgot about MWR, because it's amazing, nothing else needed."
,Recommended,292730,26439910,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Z1 Gaming,"Fun game I enjoy it, dont jump on the negative train try it for yourself and you will be surprised"
76561198079521157,Recommended,292730,26418178,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rats Rats Rats,"This is a Call of Duty game ""ehhh I have a bad computer so it's bad it look bad"" No.......no......no..no you are a   d-i-p   s-h-i-tThis game is really fun   1.Mulitplyer is lots o' funnn2.Zombies is awsome3.perk on a gun that makes♥♥♥♥♥♥shots count as headshotsMainly looking at number threeall and all very solid game with few bugs (in my experience)"
76561198022551318,Recommended,292730,27685173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Apollo_1092,Solid game.
,Recommended,292730,27687379,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☣N☣,As expected :)
,Recommended,292730,26589318,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[GTNW]^4E^9pI^4kL^2y_Wi^0rD,its very refreshing after playing bo3. People just too nitty griddy about every little thing. in actuallity its a great game!
,Recommended,292730,26485696,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Alex,"Okay yes COD Remastered does not have the best ports. That is a easy fix there are going to bug and from what i have been reading they are patching the Framerate issues! This game has satisfied me. Infinite warfare zombies is amazing the port's for COD Infinite warfare are good. No Lag , Some fps issues that can be patched. I think that they just need too work on MWR and patch fps and bugs and the game will be fine!"
,Recommended,292730,26443517,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Infinitynull,"I just finished the campaign and it was amazing. I run everything on the highest settings using a 144hz 1440p monitor. This game is and was beautiful. Now all these hateful reviews against the low framerate, are obviously kids with mommies and daddies buying everything in life for them. They don't know what a good computer is and how to keep it clean. I ran the game above my refresh rate. After unlocking the FPS cap of course. Said kids need to get jobs and buy a real computer and learn how to keep it clean and running correctly instead of fussing on Steam reviews.Titanfall 2: Refund SimulatorBattlefield 1: The germans refunded it for me.COD IW: One of the only 2016 games I don't want to refund.Watchdogs 2: Refu....wait~ The best COD game since MW2"
76561198028344634,Recommended,292730,26475848,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,/NoFugazieTV - NEW YOUTUBE VID,"Infinite Warfare is merely perfect considering the Multi-player is legit, also the zombies is a whole new experience.  Than considering if you buy Deluxe, it comes with remastered MW which is almost worth $80 alone imo the multi-player on that is beyond legit; and both come with their respective story modes so like 5 different game types in theory.  We need people on PC to play this more to populate the servers.  I hope Call of Duty is doing a good job dealing and keeping hackers out but other than that... BUY AND PLAY THIS (AND MODERN WARFARE)"
,Recommended,292730,28452495,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jafari,I get 1 fps on the loading screens.10/10 Would definitely reccomend.
,Recommended,292730,26416575,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mechatron,Its the usual COD game nothing is wrong with it if you are a fan of the franchise. The people complaining have no idea what they want; Its like they want a Titanfall with battlefield combination. Im only speaking on multiplayer.the frame ratre is locked at 92 fps which is normal. Servers are good no lag. If you experience any its probably your connection i had one minor glitch 6 houirs after release but nothing to rage quit over.I truly wish therse trolls would just not buy the game instead of complaining. Im sure the console versions have excellent reviews. Its a great game to supersample or use DSR with guns are fun but as usual people will ♥♥♥♥♥ about needing nerfs and buffs. Trolls please sit down and stfu go play BO2 the MW remake or Battlefield.
,Recommended,292730,30235365,Posted: 27 February,all,NALS™,nice game
,Recommended,292730,30177161,Posted: 25 February,all,[]clevermichael33[],the free one is very bad
76561198016024857,Recommended,292730,30215243,Posted: 27 February,all,gogosmash,"Super shooting game, graphic is amazing, i have played it on ultra settings and detail level is just wow... I have played for 2 days (free online multiplayer) and definatly will buy.I have not experience no bugs or similar, for me 10/10"
,Recommended,292730,27551416,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LegalEagle_117,Great story.
76561198046327615,Recommended,292730,30217952,Posted: 27 February,all,DraviSunDragovi(FIN),The campain was nice I enjoyed the missions and the custom loadouts were a plus. But when I try play multiplayer connection to host is lost every time. Pleas fix it.
76561198066346944,Recommended,292730,26561824,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,KolyaShaddix123,"Campaign: Beautiful scenes, good gunplay, spaceship fights.. 10/10Multiplayer: not BoG. less than 100 people playing at any given time making it very hard to get a match in any mode other than TDM.Zombies: seems decent, i haven't played it much.i'd reccommend getting this on console so there are more people to play multiplayer with. that said if you want a graphically beautiful campaign, you can't beat this."
76561198065243153,Recommended,292730,26448113,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,monty,finally a campain where your not some ones son or doing black ops under the table the fate is only on you bs your a commander and your fighting a war thats it no secrits no stupid twists like in the old ones 9/10 and the only reason its not a 10/10 is theres no story line chooseing just picking missions which is fun but id like to pick my story but so far i like very much as for online have yet to pick her upthis game is worth picking up for the campain if you like sci fi and slight pasific we are down but not out kinda storys
,Recommended,292730,26481915,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Proofreadhale,"Wow are these reviewers harsh. Someone said it was not optimized for PC. I am running the game with 16GB of ram on an nvidia 870m  3gb laptop. Yes I am getting 60 FPS. My lowest drop is about 51 FPS on High settings @ 1366*768.  So the game seems greatly optimized for PC to me. I love the campaign. I dont play multiplayer on PC soooo, I cant speak for COD MP on PC. I will say the consoles are where it is at, when it comes to the MP. No COD does well with MP on PC. If you love COD and like the campaigns get this game. I did not like Blackops 3 period, maybe I am just partial to infinity ward, mehhh!"
,Recommended,292730,26441650,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,noc9109,Best COD ever. No matter how you guys crying.
,Recommended,292730,26411796,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gigabyte,Infinite warfare may have been precieved badly by the public but it is a solid game. Multiplayer is fluid and enjoyable the additional zombies mode is fantastic. The only problem is actually the part I was looking forward to the most. CoD 4 Remastered. Its great when it works but its hurt with unstable frame rates and stuttery gameplay. To any Call Of Duty fans it wouldn't be a bad idea to add this game to your collection!
76561198130472081,Recommended,292730,26434061,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FAZERTACE,"The multiplayer is decent, it feels like a mix of mw2 and ghosts just with some added movement. and the campaign is actually really good."
,Recommended,292730,26446712,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Celebesen,Really fun!
76561198131007696,Recommended,292730,26413660,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kuro 殺す,once you get past all the hate and actually play it a pretty solid game with a fun multiplayer and zombies mode it can take a few games to get used but after that its a fun enjoyed game
,Recommended,292730,29783341,Posted: 8 February,all,Lilou ❤,Add me for Zombies! <3
,Not Recommended,292730,26411540,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,悟空去帮为师找个八倍,"The worst FPS game I've ever played.  Developers are making this game more suitable for kids, SMG is over power, you dont need skill in this game.  There is no lightspot in this game, it's just like BO3 with a different name. If you wish to play multiplayer match in this game, ENJOY KILLING BY KIDS WITH SMGS AND AUTO SHOTGUNS!!!░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄CODIW▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,292730,26464123,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,♞drtyeyeball,"I buy COD for campaign, and I went into the game with zero expectations, but the campaign is actually a lot of fun. Ofc. it's not a suprise, that the Multiplayer is a disaster which it is, I've hardly played CODs Multiplayer but I am a PC gamer and it's never been a flawless experience in multiplayer for me, no suprise, this is the same but it's even worse as now there's 2 communities within PC, Windows 10 (Microsoft Store) players and Steam players. I was lucky enough to have bought this on Steam as it's the more prominent platform and has a larger player base, but I can't imagine for all the players who love CODs Multiplayer on PC and sadly got their game from the Microsoft Store. I've ranted enough.I'm only giving it a recommendation cause the only thing I care about in COD is the campaign. If you're someone who's not into this for the same, please avoid buying."
76561198107805364,Recommended,292730,32661642,Posted: 22 June,all,Bunny,First of all. IGNORE what others have said..PERIOD.They are all way off.JUST the NEW BAD♥♥♥♥♥HIGH TECH Weapons alone is worth this playing for. ~THe Campaign is really FUN! and You fight things that are WAY advanced and  you will LOVE THIS COD.10 STARS!!!!!
,Recommended,292730,27507792,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Marc-Andre Fleury <3,"I really don't wanna give this a positive rating. It's honestly not that great. There's a whole lot wrong with this game, so take my review with a grain of salt.This game is really clunky, The multiplayer isn't great, and the campaign feels pretty bad. But there are 2 things that cause me to give this a positive review: Zombies and Modern Warfare: Remastered.The zombies mode is great. I am someone who has played just a TON of zombies since Black Ops 1, and I've loved the mode, but I was so dissatisfied with Black Ops 2 it's really great to play the Infinite Warfare zombies because of the new rank system, as well as the loadout system that makes playing zombies different as you level up and get better guns. There's more of an incentive for me to play and I love being able to unlock new things for the weapons. This mode also brings back the complexity of the Tranzit mode but without having to deal with everything you hated about Tranzit.Modern Warfare: Remastered is amazing. Maybe because It's Modern Warfare released again, but their remastery was so good and the multiplayer AND campaign are just so enjoyable, I love being able to play all over agian because it's all so smooth and great,5.1/10This game is very mediocre but it's just barely holding on to my heart. By .1 pointsThanks For Reading!-Joe ""Bonzaijoe"""
,Recommended,292730,26493739,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Loud Taffy,"Ok so I was going to write a review of this game giving that pros and cons and how well it plays compared to previous incarnations of the series bla bla bla. But then I realized, who the **** really cares about that? I mean come on, it detracts from the entertainment value of any media. So instead of all that, this is what I have to say.If you wanted another highly mechanical FPS to complain about then move on.If you want to play an awesome space warfare FPS RPG with dogfighting and robots... then step right up cuz this is for you."
,Recommended,292730,30130535,Posted: 23 February,all,⭐Bumbosas 💲ZAIDIMAI PIGIAU,focking S H-IT
76561198174840190,Recommended,292730,30197245,Posted: 26 February,all,Bloody_Breeze,"the game is fine, idk what ppl are being so picky about. it will be what it is. campaign, check, online multiplayer, check. what more do you need???? 8.5 out of 10 its cod, my goodness there are other shooters. if you like bf, then play bf. it never claimed to be anything else......"
76561198178119151,Not Recommended,292730,30210488,Posted: 26 February,all,Ech0 of Thunder,HORRIBALE GAME BUT ITS GOOD I WOULD RECOMAND
76561198081272375,Recommended,292730,26425631,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,C4PT_JOE,"Activision, what would I do without you? .......................COD RULES!!!!!!!!!!!I don't think you'll see any negative reviews, but if you do, @*$! them! This game is just as awesome as the rest in the series.  My only complaint is that I kinda suck; but I always have fun!Thank you, thank you and ........ thank you!"
,Recommended,292730,26446656,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mithril,"This impression goes off OT sometimes.. but this is because unlike previous years.. there are several good games released simultaneously. But the short version is: Campaign is good, but more like Wing Commander, and have nothing to do with CoD (rename?) MP? no.. skip this title for that. Get Titanfall 2, which is better than any other game released this month.The longer version..This game feels like it is party Wing Commander, and portions of Star Citizen. I don't know if this game is a kind of a field test in that direction, but I hope that it is. Because judging from the components they do have some solid ground to build on here. They would need to work on prodecural planets, and such. But all of those are connectivity issues. As for the main areas of interest. They seem to already have what they need to put something together in that redard. I know this is off topic, but I honestly want someone to put a bit of heat on Chris Roberts. He seems to be stuck in feature creep land. Anyway, back on topic... is this game good? Yes it is... I know the usual cry babies who are angry about the inclusion of the remake in the price... boohooo.. I'll give a perfectly fine game an -1.. because... I'm crying. No, this game is good... is it game of the year material? No, absolutely not. But it is OK. The story is like most mid range movies you would see off something like Netflix. An OK night, with some chips and a beer. I feel they could have spent more time working on the characters, and try telling a story with a bit more voice. I think BF1 actually did better this time, with their longer scenes. Although I think the BF1 'campaign' is woefully short. If it could be called a campaign at all? But the thing is, they fleshed their characters better, and did give them more space than in this game. Same goes for Titanfall 2 (I got it because it had a campaign this time.. I didn't buy the first one because it lacked it) which is actually really good. I think Titanfall 2 is actually the best game of all three I mentioned. It is such a shame it got so hurt by the placement between BF1 & IF, and not to mention the lack of marketing by EA. A real shame... buy that game. Off track again, but there you go.. this game is enjoyable. But you need to look at this game as something new. It doesn't really have much in common with previous titles at all. And I do hope they try going after the void that Wing Commander have left... this game proves (at least to me) that they can fill those shoes. They should probably have called this game something else other than 'call of Duty' because it doesn't feel like it have anything at all to do with those games. This feels like a new IP, and should have been treated that way. I do recommend this game, because it is enjoyable... no matter what other issue you have about a remake being forced in a purchase etc.."
,Recommended,292730,26411204,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arius Demon,The game is fun it is set in space witch is cool one thing i can tell you is dont lissten to the bad reviews thay are just troles that pop up on every new call of duty gameoverall 9.50/10
76561198063519627,Recommended,292730,33843320,Posted: 27 July,all,justiinthatsme,"its good, people are just haters."
76561198282408294,Recommended,292730,26641353,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FLUFFY008,Can't  WAit to Play it :)
,Recommended,292730,26479385,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,thepliskin5001,I dont see why people dont like this game. This game is like a more energetic and futurestic black ops 3. I thought for sure if you like black ops 3 you will like this game but for some reason people dont like this game. I will say the graphics are not the best i have seen before but i have not played though the hole campaign yet. But over all its a good game. So far single player was not a bad experince i only experinced one crash in infinte warfare and that was adjusting the settings at the main menu.I have been playing some modern warefare. Im not big of a fan of the multi player but i really like the camapign in it. I think modern warefare multi player really stood out in the day because there was nothing like it back then.
,Recommended,292730,26493312,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sevenhellz,"i bought the game souly for cod 4 remastered, i figured sense i spent so much and bought infinite warfare i might as well try it. its pretty much advanced warfare 2, still has specialist and way to many score streaks. But to my supprise, i have enjoyed playing both games. i was not a fan of advanced warfare but they seemed to have fixed all the issues i had with the game for this one. overall i would recomend this game and i look forward to more zombies maps!"
76561198285513114,Recommended,292730,30224889,Posted: 27 February,all,19whippet-YT,Fun
,Recommended,292730,26424738,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FaZe Rain,WOW THIS GAME IS BREATH TAKING!!. GAME OF THE YEAR !?!?! BEST CALL OF DUTY THAT WE HAVE SEEN IN A WHILE . GIVE THIS GAME A GRAMMY OR A NOBEL PEACE PRIze HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS AMAZING. WOW. #BootsOffTheGround #BuildTheWallUPDATE: TO EVERYONE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE LAG ON REMASTEREDWELL UR DUMB U GET WHAT U PAY FOR !
76561198006162471,Recommended,292730,26547350,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MK-Ultra,"I'm not sure why there alot of poor reviews... I can only guess:1. most of you have CRAP equipment2. MOST all of you aim like crap3. NONE of you know how to set your games up properly4. SPRAY and PRAY is NOT effective against good players..5. your WALMART internet aint cuttin' it..6. you have nothing better to do than complain.. except gettting ownedThis game is smooth as silk, with excellent weapon balance, except for (as usual) shottys.well done!"
76561197976129269,Recommended,292730,26429023,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HG | Wabbit [D],"Honestly is not a bad game, I got titanfall2, Battlefield1 and Innfinite Warfare,This is not close to batthefield1, DICE really made a top quality game, but this game is still solid,The single Player is better than the multiplayer, campaign is cool. Multiplayer same as the last game.I recomend this game if you are a COD fan."
,Recommended,292730,26426811,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,(MPG)AuraTras,i am one of the few by the look of it that did not but any upgraded pack for this game i wanted infinite warfare for infinite warfare not for zombies or multiplayer and so i did not get a bundle with modern warfare remastered i have played that and i did not want to again so i did not buy it.From what i have played of the game so far i have found it very enjoyable and i will be critically honest i love games that incorpirate space in some way so my opinion is a bit biased but im willing to admit it.What i like from the game so far is the variety of weapon and the type of weapons there are weapons that are better against certain enemies and i do enjoy that but a energy weapon is not only good against one type of target and vise-versa and that i think is a great way to keep weapons versitile.Now that is not to say i have not had some issues with the game one particular instance is i was playing and the game crashed and i was looking at my stat monitor that im always running and from what i was seeing there was no issue during the crash there was no error the game just shut down.Now i have been hearing people talk about performance issues with the game but this is the only one that i have encountered. but the thing is fps is not my thing  so to be honest unless it drops below 30 anything above 30 seems normal to me to be honest i cant tell the diffrence between 30 and 60 so im in the minority there i think.i have only played the campaign i have not touched the multiplayer or zombies i will be once i am done with the campaign but normaly i really only do play the campaign i dabble in Multiplayer so rarely so even if i did have a opinion it would not be well informed i will update this after i am done with the campaign and have tried the Multiplayer and the zombies mode.i will not be rating this game on  a scale but i do think it has be very enjoyable and worth a buy so i recommend it at this moment
,Recommended,292730,26761406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noir,Nics game :)
76561198043978218,Recommended,292730,26507678,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,iTz Cz I iz Po,I am unsure why everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game so much. I have been playing since it was released and Im having a blast.I have only been playing the multiplayer and barely touched zombies or single player which I heard were great. At times the connection will be a bit shoddy but 95% of the time it works without issues.First COD i have properly played on PC and im loving it..
,Recommended,292730,26708350,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DG,GG
,Recommended,292730,26485650,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"10/10 would play Blacklight Retribution again.infinites multiplayer sucks, play MWR instead."
76561198054972917,Recommended,292730,26488372,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ravenkill,"Bought for the remastered, as well as wanting to see how well the new game was. Game is good i'd say, though the remastered is by far worth more than the new game completely. Based solely on multiplayer experience, the new multiplayer isnt enjoyable to me, as too many people go prone mid firefight in close quarters, jump all the time, and slide everywhere. Its an unforgiveable experience for players of the older games. Weapons lack significant punch in multiplayer, and sniping is irrelevant due to the map sizes unless you are a quickscoper. Anyway if you want good multiplayer, go for the classic remastered, not the newer game. Overall i'd say its good, but doesnt feel at all like a call of duty game to me."
,Recommended,292730,30343542,Posted: 5 March,all,True Pc King,"not as bad as i though it would have been, bought it when it was on sale with cod 4"
,Recommended,292730,30174263,Posted: 25 February,all,Saikoujinn,"Game is okay. Optimization however, it's pretty damn good."
76561198154385256,Recommended,292730,30222369,Posted: 27 February,all,Woah!,pretty a ok game if i do say so mt self
,Recommended,292730,27580430,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheDerangedGamer,10/10 would die 10000000000 times again
76561198053315259,Recommended,292730,26410727,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,R.Y.N.O,Sometimes I think people buy CoD even if they don't like CoD so they can give it a bad reveiw.
,Recommended,292730,26447543,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Butt-Touch Senpai,"I was adamant at first not to Purchase Infinite Warfare and hope they would release, Modern Warfare Remastered as it's own product. (The only thing most of us care about) After looking at some Twitch streams and YouTube clips of the game, I figured i would make the purchase and refund it, if i didn't like Infinite warfare when getting hands on with it.But man, am I happy that i made the purchase. Modern Warfare Remastered is still the old game we know and love so not much to say there. But Infinite Warfare is however, the sweet little marshmallows you get floating in the goodness that is the Hot Chocolate of Modern Warfare Remastered.I've only dipped my toe into the campaign (Just after the space battle) and it hasn't let me down. The Multiplayer is fast paced and the maps look great. The Terminal revamp did not dissapoint either. I do not regret buying Infinite Warfare and I feel it and Modern Warfare Remastered will take up a fair amount of my free time for the next month or so.---===SIDE NOTE===---Any Good Hentai Suggestions??Voted for some kind of award"
,Recommended,292730,26467603,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,-=Zombine3D=-,"It's Call of Duty in future and in space. What more could you want from the modern AAA industry?Campaign feels tight and dogfights remind me of playing Bang: Gunship Elite back in the day. The story is fairly interesting but does not touch on more interesting subjects like the Black OPS series did (so far).The multyplayer is basically BlOPS3 with more Overwatch elements like loot crates for special guns. It's fairly easy to save up in game currency to purchase them, so no harm in that. What I don't like about the multyplayer is how you never have time to react to the guy shooting you and die in a second. What I really like are team mate and enemy health bars, too bad you do not get to see your own. Maybe the next installment of CoD will have actual health bars with health pickups. I hope.Zombies is zombies but with a really comfy aesthetic and more fluff.The game is fun, story mode is pretty great, it runs great and I can always find a MP match.Looks like they are...............Making CoD Great Again!(I bought the complete package. I regret nothing, I missed a dumb but fun game for a long time)"
,Recommended,292730,30171499,Posted: 25 February,all,Mortiest Morty,its good and well optimized
,Recommended,292730,30235168,Posted: 27 February,all,Dreamphantom_1977,"Best single player game i've ever played so far. I can't even compare it this game is effing amazing. All the bad reviews I think are a joke, honestly I don't get it. Ive always been more of a battlefield fan, but honestly if this is the direction the New Call of Duties are gonna go I'll gladly start buying call of duty games again. I'm honestly sick of the same old games over and over. One of my favorite games ever was BF2142 and this reminds me of it. It also reminds me of crysis, mixed with titanfall, and some battlestar galactica. Playing this game is more like being a character in a movie, the graphics are simply stunning, there is so much action in it I want to replay it already just to go back and see what I missed. I love everything about this game so far and I haven't even played multiplayer yet. I just became captain of the ship in space and honestly I can say even if it is a short game I gladly would have paid for the game full price.Honestly, I just want to say all those people giving this game a bad review are crazy. I think the only problem with this game is they named it wrong. All the call of duty fanboys were expecting a clone and instead this single player masterpiece was released. The graphics are stunning and the story is amazing.I Feel bad for the Call of Duty developers like they take all this time to design something groundbreaking and new and different after making so many clones for the Call of Duty fanboys and then get $#!+ on by them, Sad,,,,Story 10/10Graphics 10/10gameplay 10/10fun 10/10This is a great game, I give it 10/10..If they named this game different then call of duty I'm sure it would have been a 10/10. Just my opinion."
76561198065763537,Recommended,292730,26489399,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Azi Mlg,"runs decnt at 1600 x 1072peasily best cod sound design because its more loud punchy boomy & you can hear the orange fall on the groundlisten people the 3 years defenitely improved the graphics. the smoke looks shiny/bluish/white with a detailed texture.as usual a lot of great in gameplay facial animations where they talk to you & head track when you move around in 60 fps like hl2 unlike bf1 that has a nuncha pre rendered cut scenes & claim its in game!the feet are back when you look down, everybody cast shadows, when youre in the snow itll stick to a clean gun. dead bad guys still have physics when you shoot them.the mp maps look great. vareity of colors, solid 3 lane flow with sticky wall running, the lighting gives it a realistic look, theres a map where its very dynamic with alot of particles flying everywhere on a damaged space ship. i havent ran into a single map that i want to skip. theres destrctible tombstones on that mw3 paris city looking mapLong story short. this is what killzone shadowfall shouldve been."
,Recommended,292730,26459650,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NotNull,"Ill have to be honest, this game was the best ive played in a long time. There were some shuttering here and there but the gameplay was overall smooth, the story line was interesting and also sad. Not everything have to be about the cold war or previous wars and I think Infinity Ward should continue mixing it up."
,Recommended,292730,26468276,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SleepingTea,"Don’t listen to the hate train!Looking at most of the reviews they’re from people who have only played for a few hours, if that. There is no way that you can try out all the modes and get a full feel for the game in that short time. People have made up their minds about this COD before they got it.Take this form someone who has got over 20 hours on it. This is a good game!  I went into this COD expecting it to be bad,  but as I play it more and more it is increasingly becoming one of my favorite COD for a long time. The Zombies is a nice change to what we normally see and I’m looking forward to see what they come up with next. As for the multiplayer it does have some issues. The matchmaking and party system is really bad. Me and my mates are constantly have issues getting into games, but we are yet to see the first patch for this game and I expect it will be fix then. Unless they do an Advance Warfare on us and abandon the pc build… As for the maps they are not the best, but despite this I’m still having a lot of fun. The movement system and the payloads (Specialists) are a huge improvement on Black Ops 3 and completing challenges  to craft weapons adds a nice change.As for the optimization. This is the best port we have had in a long time. I have no issues running this game on medium at 60 FPS and my graphics card is not the best.i7GTX 750ti16GB of RAMIf my PC can run it most likely yours canOverall, or If you couldn’t be bothered to read that paragraph, it is a good COD and worth getting. I will suggest one thing. Stay away for MW remastered multiplayer. It’s full of people cross map sniping and you can't even get out of spawn before your head is blown off."
76561198017612221,Recommended,292730,26457199,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Biff,Great campaign
,Recommended,292730,30221930,Posted: 27 February,all,JAK3 P4UL,"I don't know, why people hate this game so much? I liked to play that ALOT. Game is so cool! Graphics ar very good too. Positive, positive and another POSITIVE!"
76561198165828055,Recommended,292730,30239432,Posted: 28 February,all,Boon,Excellent game with amazing graphics and incredibily innoovative gameplay. Good job INFINITY WARD.
76561198306052630,Recommended,292730,30212878,Posted: 26 February,all,Mercy__,love
,Recommended,292730,30214198,Posted: 26 February,all,YIYAI,good
,Recommended,292730,26460502,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,✪  Phelps,Good♥♥♥♥♥game hands down best one since bo2
,Recommended,292730,27515781,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xGLIMOx,MOST PEOPLE THINK THAT IT IS♥♥♥♥♥♥BUT IT IS WORTH IT! iT IS SO MUCH FUN AND HAS EXTREME ZOMBIE CONTENT!
,Recommended,292730,27531261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Poseidon,Nice Zombiemodus ;)
,Recommended,292730,26447862,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AsashinDaka,No Audio...
,Recommended,292730,26452315,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,snafu,"7/10 Overall, buy for Campaign/Zombies/MWRCampaign 9/10The story for this easily blows BF1 out of the water, I'd rate it to be on par with Titanfall 2. The CoD campaign for this game doesn't play like any other CoD, the mechanics are very fleshed out (Zero-G combat, Fighters, BOTG). In some sections the game gives you plenty of room to make choices, and at the right times it transistions into a corridor shooter. Lovable characters, the story just doesn't come out as being cheesy like the last few CoDs.Zombies 8/10Your typical zombies experience with more emphasis on fun than easter egg hunting for 50 hours, not much I can say other than the fact that the map is huge.Multiplayer 5/10Down to the core it's essentially BLOPS3 reskinned, but without a proper playerbase, you can't really expect to get into any queues other than TDM. Really disappointed that they didn't make use of the mechanics in the singleplayer.Posted 6 November."
76561198208912500,Recommended,292730,27573680,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Graham,"The game looks awesome, but still prefer 100 times better Modern Warfare Remastered"
,Not Recommended,292730,35358482,Posted: 30 September,all,}C{NastyNaz ®,Not my type of game...to futuristic.Not fun to play at all.
,Recommended,292730,26508108,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Radic.D,"The hate train is quite out of place.Maybe people don't even give this game a change.Buy It enter the game with no judgement or hate what so ever.Play the game. And you will see it isn't bad at all.I quite like it. It is a good consept, (just some new silver paint(skin? yes a little bit). But It plays diffrent the feeling is also diffrent but yes, again a shooter, fast paste, kill-die-repeat. But I love it.Campain?Even beter, loved it quite. Sure there are better storys around the world, but it was good. Had fun, some nice new stuff and overall I like the game.-- no I am not a fan boy, just and open, and not so judgemental little♥♥♥♥♥♥ as the people on the hate train that played for 1 hour."
76561198015884535,Recommended,292730,26580313,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dubi4444,gg vgg
,Recommended,292730,27551277,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Naers,Space warfare 3.0
76561198330326957,Recommended,292730,27682670,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,XxX_SHREK_XxX,Damn son
,Not Recommended,292730,30132349,Posted: 23 February,all,🅱,"crashing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mouse. Don't even download."
76561198317305350,Recommended,292730,26422792,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Pandas Hat,"I must admit, the game is different. It's not like any other Call of Duty for obvious reasons. Sure the gameplay is the same pretty much as Black Ops 3 which if I do say so myself, is a good game. I personally believe people do not like this game simply due to the fact that they are following the train of other people saying this. Let's admit, Call of Duty Modern Warfare and Modern Warfare 2 were absolutely great games and probably will never be beaten by another Call of Duty game. But all things evolve, not everything evolves perfectly. For instance, the human race...I personally appreciate what the developers are doing, speaking for myself of course. I also, unlike some people, try a game before writing a review saying I dislike it. Come on people, enjoy the little things. It's only just been released and will most definitely have flaws and room for improvement, like most things.Pros:- Gameplay is fluent, easy to pick up.- Controls are simple like all others.- Graphics are getting better.- Layout is very simple and easy to navigate.- Overall, it's fun and a good way to play Call of Duty.Cons:- People moaning.- Minimum requirements are most definitely not what you need.- Very pricey for what you get."
76561198046508303,Recommended,292730,26411137,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,D@M3Z0,"This call of Duty is actually better than I thought it would be,  the graphics are awesome and the campaign is amazing, they really put a lot of thought into the story,  but overall I like the game,  the multiplayer is fun and very fast paced, its the best cod since MW2 in my opinion.Cod MWR  is fun just like it used to be except the graphics are alittle better :pBut the games optimization is great i don't lag at all everything maxed out my specs are FX 8350, 16gb ram, Gtx 960 4gbIf anything else comes up ill make sure to update."
76561198013653170,Recommended,292730,26413799,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Porsche 911,"$79.99 PackageInfinite Warfare:   Even with an earlier GForce GT 640, I've been able to tweek the options so it plays fantastic.  Make sure you load the latest driver fron Nvidia though.  After the Mafia 3 Bomb of the year, this game is feeling, and running great. My computer is 8 years old running Windows 7, I've only played a short time and I'm loving it (I'm a long-time Call of Duty fan too).Remastered:   Very pleased and better than I expected.  I always did love the original game and the remastered has had a ton of added visuals that makes it perfect.  I originally thought $79.99 pre-purchase was a little steep to pay for these two games, but now I'm very pleased I got the remastered too.  Worth every penny."
76561198016277251,Recommended,292730,26421858,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AlexMBrennan,"Game now manages to hit 60 FPS most of the time (unlike BLOPS 3), so that's a step in the right direction.Just be prepared for the eccentric views on physics (silenced guns are useful in space, gravity is a gas that escapes out of the airlock, space fighters take the same amount of thrust to launch from the surface and space carriers)."
76561197997366472,Recommended,292730,27603200,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,i♥NooBs,Game gets way too much hate by those that havn't even played it.  Great fun.
,Recommended,292730,27568421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KarrnagE,TBH this game is one of the most underrated game ever made.. Every body hates cod when it is  reavealed but at the end of the day they are going to buy it.. I think this game is Average but not SUPERRRR BAADD like people make it out to be..
76561198020784501,Recommended,292730,26425446,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Concat999,"A fine game, with a fun take on zombies although being a bit over the top. The game introduces a fun package overall I just am hoping it gets a few bug fixes and performace issues"
,Recommended,292730,26421719,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Starblade,The game isn't actually bad. People look at the game too negatively for some reason. The mechanics might have been overused but it actually if FUN if you look at the brighter side of the game itself. This is for the Infinite Warfare as I've have yet to download COD4: Remastered.
76561198140705451,Recommended,292730,26453276,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Chain OF Ascension,better than black ops III
76561198002809754,Recommended,292730,26411111,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DarkBravado,"Game looks good, it runs great on my gtx 1070 and doesnt strain my cpu (amd fx-8350). This is my 1st ever call of duty and so far im really digging it. Ive only played the campaign so far but its nice to know there is a multiplayer and a zombie mode waiting to be played after the campaign is done."
,Recommended,292730,26502940,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[RSQ]✡ noamS✡,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,292730,26480438,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,EdenFPS,"Before you judge, I buy COD every year and I am a sniper.I personally like the game a lot and I wish it had more players.Pro's -Graphics are very much updatedOptimization is on pointSniping is better than everCampaign is kickassZombies is very funCons -StutteringTTK is too fastParty system needs to be fixedMore people need to buy the game"
76561198359539209,Recommended,292730,30222393,Posted: 27 February,all,mehmetgamingzx,hi
,Recommended,292730,26433923,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FS_StingKing,Good so far. zombies has some problems but if you are not sure to buy it or not  you sould
76561198020267528,Recommended,292730,26422951,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Muggz Munny,"What people see reading IW's negative reviews:- Disgusting graphics- No optimisation- Stupid space locations, give us back WWII setting- lots of cheaters- expensive as f***- MW1 is best- MW1 forever- MW1 MW1 MW1- Battlefield rules, f*** off CoDWhat I see:-♥♥♥♥♥♥a-doodle-doo- have no girlfriend- everyday molested and beaten by parents- no job- PC's weak as f***- 12 y-old ugly kid- tiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- everyone is playing dota and CS, everything else is just garbage- k\d is 0.0110 angry whiny kids from 10------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Что видят люди, читая негативные обзоры на новую колду:- графика♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- оптимизацию не завезли- дурацкий космос, верните вторую мировую уже- одни читеры- дорого ♥♥♥♥♥♥- МВ1 лучшая- МВ1 навсегда- МВ1 МВ1 МВ1- батла фарева, долой каловдутиеЧто вижу я:- ко-ко-ко- девушки нет\бросила- родители каждый день насилуют и ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ят- нет работы- комп ржавое корыто- 12 лет и у меня прыщи размером с Садовое кольцо- крошечный член- раньше трава была зеленее и пиво 40%- вся братва в доте и КС, зачмырят- к\д 0.0110 озлобленных нытиков из 10"
76561198119295199,Recommended,292730,26413274,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,eV0lUt10N,"This game isn't bad, the multiplayer can be fun if you don't mind that people are going to have better weapons then you. And for anyone who says they have perfomance issues it comes from their patato pc.It's far from perfect but it's alot better then last year"
,Not Recommended,292730,30127662,Posted: 23 February,all,Jayce,"I don't own this game, and I never will.The time I spent writing this review is priceless to me and I want it all back.."
,Recommended,292730,26411126,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Oui Oui Baguette,"Jon Snow is good enough of a reason to get this...Pretty good ending too, I guess."
76561198310756757,Recommended,292730,30224034,Posted: 27 February,all,fahad91111,good game
,Recommended,292730,26439900,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dan,"Like past CoD games, the multiplayer has it's balance flaws and gameplay flaws which make me yell at my monitor. But if I put that aside, it's a fast paced shooter which is fun.Once I got used to playing it again, I had a blast."
,Recommended,292730,26508195,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Crit,BEST GAME 2016 OMG GG 10 / 10 gni
76561198287462989,Recommended,292730,27504826,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Viro,pretty good game
76561198061980583,Recommended,292730,26423776,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The_Fallen_HD,"To be completely honest, I was never planning on getting this game. For a long time, I was on the hate bandwagon. Untill recently, I figured ""why not?"". Maybe ACTUALLY PLAYING THE GAME would change my stance. I went into this game with an open mind and I can say this game is fun. Sure, my fps may stutter at times (using NVIDIA control panel can fix this), but this game is a blast. In my opinion, the multiplayer is better than Black Ops III, and this is coming from a guy that enjoys the boots-on-ground gameplay more so that the whole ""futuristic"" concept.So I highly recommend anyone who enjoyed Black Ops III to definitely give this game a try because, who knows? It may grow on you.P.S And yes, I got Modern Warfare Remastered alongside it, I'm not stupid :3*EDIT* It's quite funny that the hate train are putting negative reviews of the game even though they only put in a max of 30 minutes. Seeing a review like really does say something about the Steam Community."
76561198292363197,Recommended,292730,26425490,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,King_Awesomeness_III,"Great game, I did have a lot of lag back, even though that might be my connection, campaign is great, multiplayer is great, and it looks very realistic. the only downside would be from players, because all you can ever really find are Team Deathmatch servers. To be honest, if you see this game for 50%+ you definately need to buy it."
76561198076367674,Recommended,292730,26501115,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[YJ]MokouPrice,"Campaign is hot as ♥♥♥♥ but the story is weirdMultiplayer is hard like hell but fun to play, I cannot stop when I start touching it"
76561197990094742,Recommended,292730,30206339,Posted: 26 February,all,paone84,"last cod i bought was black ops2 and i had some fun with it.  I dont understand why this game gets such a bad rap.  It looks worse on youtube videos then it actually is.  Its the most fantastic game in the world but it is mindless fun.  I played the free version.  I wouldnt pay 30 dollars for this game but i would pay the 30 which it is on sale for.  To me, its just an ok fps.  Not♥♥♥♥♥♥ not great, but it can be fun and you will play for hours."
76561198042010854,Recommended,292730,26411836,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jonathan46825,"I somewhat agree and disagree with the opinons on here. The multiplayer feels absolutely nothing like any of the COD games in the past which I like. I wasn't looking for a copy of BO3 with a new storyline and new guns. I personally have not had any connection issues myself, but a few of my friends have. There are a few maps which are a little small and cramped but once you figured out how to manuever in the game (stop thinking black ops 3) the maps can really be used to your advantage. My one issue is....graphics, I have a 980Ti and the game runs fine, generally around 100-110FPS, but my goodness it looks like crap. I feel like salt and pepper is covering the screen along with some weird blur stuff thrown in as well. Right now I'd rate the gameplay 4/5, graphics 2/5, stability 4/5. So overall, I'd give it somewhere around a 3.5-4 out of 5. Its a good game, and im sure it'll get smoother and better as more patches come out. Many games have had way worse starts than this, so don't be too quick to judge it. Also, the zombies is great,  very confusing so make sure you use the tour guide the first time, helps alot."
,Recommended,292730,26414680,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Donald J. Trump,Infinite Warfare was amamzing the story was extremely well written this might be the best COD campaign to date 9/10.
76561198063819718,Recommended,292730,30218061,Posted: 27 February,all,UnbelieveR,Played the free demo. Liked it. Bought it
76561198127315539,Not Recommended,292730,30133148,Posted: 23 February,all,dosahero | TTG,♥♥♥♥ GAME EVEM DONT WORK AND WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ AM I LOSING HOST IN ♥♥♥♥ CUSTOM GAME FOR ♥♥♥♥ SACKUSELY GAME JUST BORING OR GOOD BUT THIS GAME MAKE ME WANT TO KIILLLL THE GAME DEV
76561197969598532,Recommended,292730,26418890,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,W0RGASM,"Based on about 90 mins of the single player campaign.Cons:30fps video cutscenes are very jerky compared to the 125fps I get in game.Every 5 minutes the mouse will suddenly jerk, with a huge delay, and I'm looking at the floor.Age old problem of having no idea if that guy in front is friend or foe.Cooking a grenade takes too long.Melee kill animation on combat mechs takes a loooooooooooooong time.So far, very impressed. Better than the last few CODs.Maintain about 125fps on full settings (low shadows)Ancient i5-4670 CPUand GTX980TiAction is intense and Micheal Bay.Voice acting is good (Not the first Wolf character in the intro).Most weapons feel fast and effective apart from 1 which is too slow and clunky. The weapon that looks like a P90 pulls to the right as you shoot. Use it in short bursts.A pleasent change from the intesnsity of Battlefield 1."
,Not Recommended,292730,26411939,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RX-W3eD,One word explains both games in a nutshell....... AIDSRefunded.
76561198198847683,Recommended,292730,30204292,Posted: 26 February,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME!!!
,Recommended,292730,26478590,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Atom,The campaign is seriously awesome.
,Recommended,292730,26479416,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Eleven,Pretty fun game...
,Recommended,292730,26476230,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,spooky mewt,zombies is ok
76561198017998559,Recommended,292730,26488287,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[LEO] God's Soldier,"You know, without lag the multiplayer is realy fun. Sure it needs a bit of tweaking, but the Campaing is amazing and zombies is really fun. Plus if you're tired of all that high tech stuff, you can hop on to MWR and relive the good old days. It's not perfect, but it's hella solid. It's not innovative or mind blowing, it's mindless fun.Pros:-If you like CoD, you'll enjoy this-Zombies. Need I say more?-Campaing is AMAZING-Graphically it's pretty niceCons:-Small-ish online community :(-No dedicated servers -_--Lag issues"
,Recommended,292730,26489619,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Monkey,"This game actually surprised me.. Movement is VERY smooth really fun to play/grind. If you can get over the robots that you barely notice, this is a really great game. Everything is really well done, zombies, mwr, campaign, well worth the money imo!"
,Recommended,292730,27607636,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TrizairX,"Bought the Digital Deluxe Edition, mainly for zombies mode and the upcoming maps. Multiplayer from my experience takes some getting use to.. Takes a while to get into a match in both zombies and multiplayer but I mainly play solo on zombies. Campaign is really fun from what I've played. I think this game is great if you're a zombies fan."
76561197990177391,Recommended,292730,26580339,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kolshamen,This Game Is the BEST game ever/thank you im a noob
76561198137951088,Recommended,292730,27624815,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TimTamSlamBam,gg infinity ward
,Recommended,292730,26426583,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[NF]UnDeadxShaun,It realy is a good game dont listen to all the people on the hate train :D
,Not Recommended,292730,33794279,Posted: 25 July,all,Moop,trash game run horribly
,Recommended,292730,27606283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scooch,"I really liked this game especially the campaign and the mechanics (*casually grapple an enemy and rips his oxygen mask). multiplayer was like other multiplayers but not the best, definitely preferred black ops 2 or 3. Zombies was a joke, but the idea was new, refreshing and exciting."
,Recommended,292730,33837190,Posted: 27 July,all,MagicBabyJesus,its gucci
,Recommended,292730,26437755,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sarif,"Multiplayer is chaotic, but much tighter and thought out than Black ops 3.The OP shotguns from black ops 3 were fixed by basically making shotguns worthless.Scorestreaks are a little less ridiculous which is nice, the game runs very stable.I had some performance issues with cod4 remaster, but nothing serious.Some people have reported that the servers are laggy, I haven't noticed any myself but your experience may vary based on internet speed and where you live (duh).It did anal my sound card when I changed the refresh rate for reasons unknown, luckily I use and external sound card so I could just plug it in and out, but you may have to restart your computer as a result.Other than that, it's very stable with minimal frame drops.The lobby system is dreadful, but atleast you get a minute to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥between matches.A good day 1 game, and a very fun multiplayer.Haven't been able to play Zombies yet since no one seems interested enough to play it online."
76561198065954229,Not Recommended,292730,26410397,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Potato Hunter,"is there anyway to die even faster than that ??god, this game is baaaadd."
,Recommended,292730,26419882,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Johnny Honeybee,"I am going to try and give this a shot even though it seems everyone has made up their mind...The game is perfectly fine its a pretty much full package.Single Player: Its pretty amazing but its for sure one the better CoD Stories, they manage to keep it feeling futuristic but it also feels very much CoD like but has quite a few big Sci-Fi moments in it. Its a pretty evenly paced Campaign, and it really works for CoD. Its a very simple and easy to play campaign, the story is pretty good but it does fall short sometimes.Multiplayer: Its pretty good and solid, it feels sort of different but is not as fresh and I wish it would be, I was really hoping this CoD would be the one that pulls me back into the franchise. The multiplayer is fun in short bursts, at this point its a taste thing if youre into tons of quick action you will love the multiplayer. I do enjoy the more character based classes just like BO3 had. Most of the special abilities are pretty cool, and then crafting is somewhat new and cool. Scorestreaks dont feel too OP. The multiplayer is MUCH more grinding... then other CoD's. Will fans love this game? Yes.Best way to explain this, BO3 and Advanced Warfare had a baby.Zombies: Zombies is a bit fun I do not lvoe Zombies too much but I can see the Zombies people will love this version of Zombies.Modern Warfare Remastered: Wow. I'm in love so nostalgic the textures and lighting makes everything feel so amazing. I totally love this and I think you should for sure get this if you played COD4 because MWR feels the EXACT same, as CoD4.I do enjoy MWR much more than IW but its not a horrible game and still is pretty fun but the multiplayer in IW is not my style."
,Not Recommended,292730,30170843,Posted: 25 February,all,Dannystaples,"Well I was looking forward to trying the free weekend but I can't get it to work.First off the game crashes every time I change one of the graphics settings.Then I got into the matchmaking and it just sits there saying ""Match in progress...."" blah blah blah.Not interested. I'm not troubleshooting a free trial. Do Activision TRY to make me hate their games or something? All this has done is justify my choice to not buy COD any more.I've not bought any of the games from the last six years or something. I'm not even slightly bothered by that fact.It is time for Activision to either start with a clean slate or just shut up shop.I wouldn't care if they left the gaming industry all together and went and made Pachinko machines with Konami."
76561198164768894,Recommended,292730,26437662,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SaucinOnYou,"When I first bought this game, I was skeptical. Then I played it. The last few COD games were♥♥♥♥♥♥out, and not too great. This game, however, is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun. It took some getting used to, but its high speed, high intensity, and fun as hell. I recommend it."
76561198088236198,Recommended,292730,30228019,Posted: 27 February,all,Hampa,i Recommend this game
,Recommended,292730,26414009,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SAY10,"I understand your hate for cod cuz i bet you dont hate the past 4,5 CODs as much as i do so stop panicing and give the game a chance there is nothing to be afraid of,refunds button is right there!so far its pretty good!"
76561198261716453,Recommended,292730,26503822,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Timmy,Great game! Some guns need nerfed tho
,Recommended,292730,26413046,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wwty4,"Well,Something I have to say,I love E3N, he's a cute robot,like BT7274 in Titanfall2,worth play,this is a good game"
76561198028474035,Recommended,292730,26417072,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DASH RENDAR,Runs better than AW and Ghosts.
,Recommended,292730,26417897,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,cKy,"i dont seems to have any fps,crash,freezing ,etc. issues..both IW and MW:R run smooth.  on on both games im getting 88-90 fps all on ultralike i thought at the begining when i heard a remastered version of mw1.. it will suck.i was kinda right.. visually it looks better (in a weird way). it doesnt run as smooth as the original didand i dont like it.Infinite warfare : from what i've played so far.. (few multiplayer games )it already feels better, game is well made, nothing bad to say about it for now..EDIT:well i have played more on the COD MW:R .. and well its coming back , the memories from back in the day... all the campers.. glitchers.. cheaters... the lags...but it got something into it... i changed my mind about the remastered edition.. i like it too"
,Recommended,292730,26420531,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Scratch,"Well, when I find something wrong with a purchase especially an expensive purchase I can't help myself from becoming a raving mad lunatic about it LOL.I haven't tried a campaign yet because there should be 2 of em and I'm just taking my time with them. I think the store page said the remastered edition will follow soon after release? Does that sound right? I better get what I thought I was paying for.I can connect to the MP and Zombie arcade and all the bells and whistles need more fine tuning.Crouch slides sometimes and vice versa, sometimes they don't function at all, that and some other kinks that should work themselves out by game use or patching. (I doubt it's my keyboard or peripherals that are the culprit more than likely it's the optimization)Not many problems with the Zombie map that I played for approximately 20 minutes so far.All the loadouts in MP are good to go.The mouse sensitivity seems to be out of reach for precision even though there are 4 sliders to adjust it.(I can't find a comfort zone yet anyway)Sensitivity isn't at all like COD3. It should be better but like I said I can't find the zone. Lower is better but It gets too slow  or it still spins and those small maps aren't easy to navigate when the mouse gets all goofy.The graphics look really nice so lowering them will probably be a change for the better.Maps are wicked small in MP with the exception of a few.The big maps are probably in the season pass."
,Recommended,292730,26411993,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Minnie,love this game and only a couple hours in
,Recommended,292730,26411488,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FrontRUSSIAN,This is game where Jon Snow went full Ramsay.
,Recommended,292730,26443854,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Awakend Consciousness,dO NOT LISTEN TO THIS CRY BABIES ABOUT THE GAME.  IT IS FULLY OPTIMISED AND LOOKS GREAT. GRANTED IT IS NOT A STAND IN ONE SPOT AND CREEP UP ON YOUR ENEMY KIND OF GAME. IF THAT IS WHAT YOUR LOOKING FOR PLEASE GO BUY RAINBOW 6 SEIGE. BUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A FAST PACE ENJOYABLE GAME WITH A WHOLE BUNCH TO LOOK FOWARD TO IN THE FUTURE PLEASE TRUST THIS REVIEW AND BUY THE GAME.  I WAS NOT GOING TO BUY THE GAME BECAUSE I HATED BO3 BUT IT WAS WORTH THE BUY. WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE?
76561198017702063,Recommended,292730,26476705,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gormogon,"So I've really enjoyed this game, but I've only played Single Player. It has a healthy mix of land, space, and space vehicle battles. In addition to the main storyline, it has numerous side missions-- I've unlocked 8 optional side missions so far. There are a lot of weapons, and each is customizable before each mission. Lastly, the story is pretty cool and the characters are believable.The only issue I have is with slight video stuttering in transitional scenes, for no longer than 2-3 seconds."
,Recommended,292730,26425284,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lynx,"Haven't played any of the single player and only a couple of matches on multiplayer but i can safetly say its worth it just for zombies, the setting of the map is awesome and the music is superb, defiantly worth a buy"
76561197984347662,Recommended,292730,33874388,Posted: 29 July,all,Mahekaru,"I thought the game was great. For those who don't think so, I challenge you to make something better. If you can't, then shut the hell up."
,Recommended,292730,27604481,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meowthmere,"I love this game, but the bandwagon is too much."
,Recommended,292730,26459692,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ahri,Good game m8s.
76561197970931538,Recommended,292730,26410973,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Stressed,"I played Modern Warfare Remastered. Single-player is good, but, I never played multiplayer back in the day so I've got no nostalgia of it and I've just found out I actually hate MWR MP. IW MP is much better, I mean really. I'm a sci-fi guy and IW MP craps all over MWR MP. I'd say BF1 is marginally better, especially for graphics, but, I don't like WW1/2 shooters tbh. On the other-hand, IW MP is very fast, much faster than BO3, this could be good or bad depending how good you are as a player. Also, I don't like the character models in IW MP, BO3 did it sooo much better, but, the graphics overall are better. I'm contemplating just getting IW. For me, don't believe the hype BS with MWR. Also, on W7U 64bit, everything ran just fine, I assume most of the people having problems must be on W10. Stressed, over and out."
,Recommended,292730,26412094,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,memeslut,"Havent played Campaign or Modern Warfare remastered yet, but so far, so good. I like the new exo system, it feels more fluid than the one i Black Ops III. As for the graphics optimalization its pretty well done, i played everything on medium +- at 3440x1440 @100hz and i almost didnt experience framedrops. I dont really understand what people are complaining about, as this is a pretty good start for the game. The gameplay is more slow-paced than BO3 but feels more balanced and a little more chaotic."
,Recommended,292730,26447434,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dani,<3
,Recommended,292730,26421809,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Don't make me laugh,"There is so much negative reviews, I almost believed the game is broken, but I've played in multiplayer for a 1.5 hour and... I found that the game is fine. I'll try to remember all the complains and write my opinion on it.1. Graphics is OK. Not ""OH MY GOD IT'S 10/10"", but OK. Looks the same as Titanfall 2 I guess with it's own pros and cons.2. Gameplay is GOOOD. It's exactly what I've expected from Call of Duty in 2016. Fast, sharp, fair, tense. What else do you need?3. There is NO ""mouse acceleration"" option in game menu, so you have to disable it in the Window's control panel if you need it. You CAN disable it in windows. Well, at least I managed to do it.4. Weapon's accuracy is fine IF YOU ARE NOT SHOOTING FROM THE HIP ALL THE TIME. (tip: press right mouse button to shoot more accurate)5. There is no cheaters in multiplayer, well, I didn't found any. Sometimes you kill enemies, sometimes they kill you, like always. The gameplay is fair.6. No crashes, no lags, no any other problems for me."
76561198271392566,Recommended,292730,30207480,Posted: 26 February,all,rcolon21r,Pls let me get the game for free i am broke and that would put a smile on my face cause i am trying ti make a utube channel
,Recommended,292730,26425328,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"Runs perfect graphically wise nothing to complain :)Campaign = Very intense spaceship fights not easy at all ,story is way better than Bo3... 9/10Zombies = Currently Rank 14 very nice map easy to master 9/10Multiplayer = Played it for around 3 hours loved every minute but some maps are bit small (terminal ftw)The only downside is since im left hander i did bind the movement keys to the arrows so untill they fix it you may experiance some delay in your movement.Great game now im off need to play !"
,Recommended,292730,26425467,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bloodied Jacket,"I came into Infinite Warfare thinking it was gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that I'd only be playing Modern Warfare Remastered. I was so, so wrong.Campaign:The IW campaign is sooooo good, I can't express how good this campaign is, people might get butthurt from this, but I would compare this how good this campaign is to BF1's War Stories. Although, I'm early in the campaign I can say that if you want a good singleplayer game with good gameplay and an okay story, this is for you.Multiplayer:I can't really say anything about this category as I've minimally played it but so far, it's not so bad.Zombies:Haven't played it, but I wouldn't imagine that it would be good, I'm not even sure I'm gonna try it.9/10Not as bad as anticipated."
76561198298275112,Recommended,292730,30214887,Posted: 26 February,all,DOLOME,This game is so much fun i really dont know why there is so much hate about it
76561198362862932,Recommended,292730,30225298,Posted: 27 February,all,Chill3m,"Great game worth the money. very much so when its on sale for 30. Don't pay no mind to the negative reviews. A bunch of indie game playing kids who dont like cod. Its a SOLID tripple AAA title with high def graphics tons of content for 30 bucks. great great deal. Dont trust steam reviews when things like ""honey pop"" got great reviews lol. go out and try this game. Youll get your moneys worth. and get tons of hours of fun out of it."
,Recommended,292730,26410505,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[LOKE]YourCiph3r,"WARNING: Spoilers ahead! Those of you who WANT to play the Campaign, leave out everything until the Zombies and Multiplayer review (you find the points below by looking).Let me be the first one to give a mini review: So far, the game is fantastic. It is my style, Space Warfare. It is done unbelievably well despite the massive hate. But, the days of ""working game out of the box playing"" are over, because the game has a few bugs, which i hope will be fixed very fast.There are FPS drops everywhere, the second you cut a corner, there will most likely be some FPS drops, BUT the game can run 60FPS quite OK. It is worse with the cutscenes though, as these seem to be very chuggy and the characters seem to be somewhat spazzing around, kind of rubberbanding, but just very slightly.BUT, despite all of this, i can still recommend this game, as it doesn't really fail much in anything else.ALSO, do NOT listen to the salty peasants that bought this game just to call it out for being bad. The game runs pretty well in space, its more on planets where you will have problems with FPS drops SOMETIMES.For those of you complaining about ""clunky"" controls, you probably have NEVER played a space simulator or space shooter. CoD Infinite Warfare did the controls part REALLY well, and changing it would be stupid. Also, as i am currently the one having most play time on this game, you should (but clearly don't have to) take my review a bit more serious than those that have played this game for less than 1 hour (but it is of course all up to you). This, is Call of Duty, and you get what you pay for. Some people were overexpecting things, but for me, the game turned out exactly what i wanted it to be (beside the few bugs that will obviously get fixed fairly quickly).Zombies: Absolutely awesome. It turned out way better than what i expected from a gamemode that is more of a ""side quest"" for the developers to create and maintain. The entire ""theme"" is very well done, and i really like the idea with the cinematics in cartoon style. Lets also not forget all the new machines and mechanics added to zombies, i don't want to spoil much more, but Zombies is DEFINETLY worth checking out.Multiplayer: As someone else already noticed (and this is a negative point), there are clearly cheaters running around. You can see that by the way they aim, you wallrun past by them, slide over the floor, it being literally impossible to aim at you for at least 2-3 seconds, but they aim spot-on right the second you move past them, and it doesn't matter how much you wallrun or slide or fly around, they will always hit you (the worst are those with the ""Twitch.tv"" in their names, some of them CLEARLY cheat). Anyways, the Multiplayer is well done, and you do somewhat of ""missions"" (goals) to get new weapons and level up, and even get new classes (yes, there are classes now and you can steer Robots). There are no ""high pings"" or lags of any kind, THOUGH, i must say there is a very small form of auto-aim, and also no form for enabling ""Raw Mouse Input"", which makes the mouse pointing seem somewhat stuck to a grid like pattern, but this can easily be fixed in the comming days.OVERALL: The game is really well done, and people hating this game basically hate it because they expected to get something they obviously knew wasn't going to be what they wanted/fulfill their wishes. If you buy into the Call of Duty genre, you clearly know WHAT you are buying and what you should expect. Infinite Warfare is well done (i cannot say this enough), and the hate right now is either for it not being like ""Battlefield 1"" (which it isn't supposed to be anyways) or because of the performance.Last Word: I must say the Campaign was really something different for once. Yes, it is Call of Duty, but the work put into the Campaign in this game is/seems somewhat different, and that is because it is. I actually ended up liking some of the characters in the Campaign (allied characters) and felt sad for the death of a handful of them. The Campaign didn't aim at telling war stories, but rather how much friends actually hold together, as a team, and that makes a difference in Call of Duty for the first time. The Campaign was told with humor, but there were sad times were you felt like ""why"", but not in a bad way.TL;DR: Game is really well done, doesn't deserve the hate it gets just because its not ""Battlefield 1""Thanks for reading,-Crow"
,Not Recommended,292730,26411080,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,-jC. Sluggy,game is complete trash
76561198022467435,Recommended,292730,26459750,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,PoshJosh,itzgud
76561198257753265,Recommended,292730,27570372,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mysto,Campaign - Easily the best to date 10/10Zombies - Best zombies yet IMO. Can't wait for Rave in the Redwoods 9/10Multiplayer - Best MP yet IMO 9/10Modern Warfare Remastered - A nice little bonus to people who buy the Legacy edition or Digital Deluxe edition like I did 8/10Overall - Easily my favourite CoD to date 9/10
76561198248608832,Recommended,292730,26432590,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,American_Infidel,"I don't get why this gets alot of hate it is a great game. Why I say this is because the campaign is brilliant, the multiplayer is fast paced action. The zombies yeh, may be ♥♥♥♥ing awful."
76561198015998406,Recommended,292730,26417186,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[K4OS] Carbon,this looks good 😊
,Recommended,292730,26417935,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,What If The Haters Dab Back?,"Look, after everything is said and done only YOU can decide... however from playing the 3 matches i did I can see the pace is slightly slower, people dont jetpack as much as they did in black ops 3 and advanced warfare... if you have a low end computer, obviously your frames and optimization will be poor.... dont trust the people who say the port is bad because it isnt... i would say if you liked MW2 ttk.. and  you dont mind the future 7.7/10 would buy"
,Recommended,292730,26410657,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,HOLYONE,why the hate this game is great the space weapons and multiplaer are solid and im a call of duty vet
,Recommended,292730,30242327,Posted: 28 February,all,KOLKOL,"Awesome , fantastic as always..huge series fan..PS :People are different and have a different taste for thing , what u don't like and disinterest you , others love and find it really interesting ,, this is how life is , not just games..never disliked any COD game , let alone hated one , they all very good games in my opinion and my taste..Huge fan always and always will be , looking forward for this year COD game."
,Recommended,292730,26415281,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tonkinese,One of the best COD campaign's ever from start to finish it is hard to put down a great game with an amazing cast and strong sifi setting well worth it with this years COD!
,Recommended,292730,30174426,Posted: 25 February,all,DereC,I love it. There's no other reason why not to get it.
76561198155594603,Recommended,292730,26448188,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Uniq Nutty,Its a good game i'm having a lot of fun playing this game!!!
,Recommended,292730,27572039,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,An Opressed Weeaboo,If you like fast paced shooters and the scifi genre youll love this game.
,Recommended,292730,27583791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apex Predator,"Hey you. Yeah you. We all know you hate this game. Just forget it, I'm not gonna try to convince to get this game...but seriously just shutup and try out the zombie mode. There's plenty there for you to play with for at least another year to and keep your thoughts at bay from the depressing situation that is your virginity."
,Recommended,292730,26437695,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,It'sADankSetup / dynhost.uk,its ok
,Recommended,292730,26413263,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,💕 Yamplay 💕,มาหาเรื่องด่าเกมส์นี้กัน-เกมส์เพลย์เล่นสนุกลื่นไหล-คุณภาพเกมส์ทำออกมาได้สมบูรณ์ ไม่มีบักเเต่อย่างใด ปรับสุดก็ไม่มีการกระตุกไม่มีเฟรมตกเเต่อย่างใด-เนื้อเรื่องตอนเริ่มเกมส์ทำได้ตื่นเต้นดูอลังกาล เเต่ขออุ๊ฟไว้ก่อน เพราะเล่นยังไม่จบ-ส่วนออนไลน์เอาตรงๆคือไม่ได้ซื้อเกมส์มาดวลกับใครอยู่เเล้ว *จบ****ตั้งเเต่เล่นเกมส์เเนว fps มาสนุกสุดละ*** หลายๆคนบอก BF1 ดิสนุกกกว่า. อย่าเอาไปเถียบกันเลยมันคนละเเนว BF1 วอล์โปราณ เเต่ COD คือ วอล์แม็ทชีน เเต่ส่วนตัวชอบอะไรที่มันล้ำยุคเป็นอนาคตซะมากกว่า ฮาๆเล่นเกมส์ให้สนุกอย่าไปซีเรียส #ไม่รู้เกมส์เค้าทำอะไรผิดนักหนาดิสไลน์กันอยู่ได้# จบ 55555
,Recommended,292730,26446038,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blillyly,"Infinite Warfare doesn't deserve all the hate that it gets, while it isn't the best Call of Duty, it's way better than some CoDs. It stutters a bit some times, but I can get it to run at 60 fps, and I have a pretty bad PC. I find the supply drops not to be as bad as BO3 or AW, but they're still there. I haven't played zombies, but I've been hooked on the campaign and the multiplayer. I haven't even played MW Remastered yet! You should get it with MWR if you have the money, but if it's your first CoD, I recommend MW or MW2 instead. The point is IT DOESN'T DESERVE THE HATE IT GETS!"
,Recommended,292730,26440887,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,N1nja | CS.MONEY,"i have to recommend this game because of how creative and fun this game is. I absolutely love the zombies in spaceland, the multiplayer needs some fixing but overall pretty fun, and the campaign is out of this world (literally). There is just one thing that grinds my gears..... Infinity Ward.......... WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU THINKING NOT ADDING IN SPLIT SCREEN TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING PC VERSION OF THIS GAME. ARE YOU GUYS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I MEAN COME ON, THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, WHAT IS A CALL OF DUTY GAME WITHOUT ♥♥♥♥ING SPLIT SCREEN? Other than that the game is realy fun."
,Recommended,292730,26493004,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RimFrost,It' a Call of Duty game...nothing to say
,Recommended,292730,30209634,Posted: 26 February,all,TetraCatt,boi I love it xDI'm serious.
,Recommended,292730,26422841,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Petster12,"the dislike about this game a few months ago before anything about the actual game came out was dumb to be fair, we all jumped on the band wagon and said this is bad. but after finishing the campaign, playing zombies, and running around in the multiplayer for a few hours, i can say that this is a really good call of duty, i personally enjoy it and cant wait to see what the DLC will be like. altough i would have been a lot more satisfied with a sequal to Call of Duty Ghosts, i find myself wanting to play more and more. havent played around with MWR yet but thats a seperate review :)have fun and use the type-2 for max enjoyment *lenny face gg*"
76561198121006873,Not Recommended,292730,33776184,Posted: 24 July,all,Nick_Fly,MWR SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292730,26459949,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,sry-im-newb,Haters gonna hate.
76561198088763513,Recommended,292730,26443013,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,8===D,Hello
,Recommended,292730,26412444,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ben,"Ignore the people with terrible computers complaining about the game being buggy or a bad port.This game runs perfectly if you have something better than a toaster.100% recommend this, and it's probably the strongest Call of Duty on launch in years.I'm absolutely terrible at it (My K/D in TDM usually hovers around 1.2 in CoD, this time it's 0.3) and I'm looking forward to the challenge of getting used to the lower TTK and getting better at this.10/10, buy this unless you have a toaster."
76561198196635338,Recommended,292730,26434127,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DrD1srespect,Gud G4m needs udat but small issue with d1nos :)
,Recommended,292730,26437444,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✪Cool_guy 37csgobounty.com,"поиграл 7 часов, закинул30 потраченых баксов из 30"
,Recommended,292730,26435962,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chunny Funt,This game is good. Suck my♥♥♥♥♥ MP and Campaign both flick my nipples the right way.EDIT: No one is playing.
76561198033408682,Recommended,292730,26410670,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,AyyLmao.. Not my main acc xd,game crashing update fasttttt
,Recommended,292730,26416019,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ツ ShadyLamp2k,This Game is Great 8/10 and here's whyWell to kick things off I have a high end pc and I run the game rough but thats not why this game is lacking. This game is lacking because of the number of players and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port. All in all I'm going to be 100% honest I would reccomend you buy IW for the campaign and zombies and let MWR carry both campaign and multiplayer. Also to mention IW's Multiplayer isn't all that bad but the movement is clunky and very weird. Happy gaming!
76561198040863770,Recommended,292730,26413852,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Neehus,"I honestly really like the new zombies.  The campaign is cool, full of interesting set pieces so far."
,Recommended,292730,26426163,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,❤ Snuggly Cori ❤,"What to really start with? I absolutely love the soundtrack. It reminds me of the old days, somewhere around Modern Warfare and Black Ops ages when they were released for the first time. And yes there are few issues with the current gameplay, and IF THERE WAS ENOUGH PRODUCTIVE FEEDBACK those issues would have been fixed already. Campaign is something unique from what I have personally exprienced before since original Modern Warfare (had MW1, MW2, MW3 and Black Ops 1-2 on PS3), and it does bring sort of big twist to how everyone wants to shape their own story. Multiplayer yeah it does have the issues but what would you expect from Day 1 when servers have not been stress tested enough at all. They always need little warm up before smoother experience. Also those who just keep complaining about the crashes/issues with graphics, wouldn't it be wise to change of from their old potatoes, or just simply tweak the game AND USING THE RECOMMENDED SAFE MODE when starting game again after crash. I haven't tried Zombies mode yet, but it does seem like interesting twist from what Infinity Ward previously created. And finally the topping on the cake; Modern Warfare Remastered. To many players it was first Call of Duty they ever played, including me, which brings my hopes up for possible (NOT CONFIRMED FFS but everyone can always wish for it) remastered versions of Modern Warfare 2, Modern Warfare 3 and Black Ops. My conclusion; Both sides of the same coin, Future and the Past in same package.My personal overall rating for this game, and all that comes with it, is 9/10"
76561198076430022,Recommended,292730,33870763,Posted: 28 July,all,King Pringle,All u idiots giving this a bad review because your sheep that follow what the rest of the internet says and the others who complain about crashing more than likley its your garbage pc or you have not updated your drivers Morons.This game is good hard to get a match beacuse of people being garbage at the game and crying about it than giving bad reviews. the zmbies is amazing its no black ops but still amazing the story is amazing not the best so far but its good maybe give it the review it deserves would love to see you idiots make a better game.
,Recommended,292730,30238292,Posted: 28 February,all,M3RT4Y4Z,Better than Battlefield 1!
76561198006125695,Recommended,292730,26418953,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PointBlank,"I Like it so far 1st impressions are good... thats it.Why all the bad reviews it looks and plays well Good IMHO.Not tried Multi yet, only campaign and zombies. Edit tried multi and not for me maps to small prefer battlefield 1 myself...bigger maps got time to plan and think.I refunded Deus ex and mafia 3 not this title though (its well worth it just for zombies alone).Most negative reviews are because of software issues with there computers.... not the game itself."
76561198162048478,Recommended,292730,26411494,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,GTR | DEVINMETWORST,In the First Eye its realy better than chost zombies i don't have now to many time the menu looks very good
76561198239597746,Recommended,292730,26411023,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,✪JaZ,The star warfare is fine
76561198213886435,Recommended,292730,26419846,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,symondoz,best COD ive played yet!  the haters going to hate!
,Recommended,292730,26411534,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lullerooz,"This has to be the most intense game I've ever played! OMG made my fingers cramp, so fast-pace, breathe-taking, and made me sweat.FPS maxes out at 91 on multiplayer with a GTX 980 TIEverything is smooth. No lag issues. Running, transitioning, shooting, weapons - all smooth.I literally have no clue what all these negative reviews are for and what they are talking about.Finally a fast-pace shooter. Thank youUpdate:Omg literally the best COD. I haven't had my heart race from a game in so long. The game is literally so intense. Hands cramping, Sweating. Man, good job!Definitely takes a lot more skill than any other cod out there.Which I've found out, the people that can't play and adapt, are the ones that talk crap"
,Recommended,292730,26413720,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,GipsyDanger,You get to kill Conor McGregor. Nuff said!
,Recommended,292730,26435953,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,t77chevy,"outstanding graphics , epic gameplay . best one yet"
76561198157617216,Recommended,292730,26415309,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,EliteJaimeP,It is a amazing game and I would recommend  it if you like call of duty. The zombies are so good and one of the best s9mbies I have played in a while. I would give this game a 9/ 10
,Recommended,292730,26416046,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CD2H.Κοῖος,"Brief reveiew incase u don't want to read the whole thing:SP: Great as long as you have a decent pc and you love futuristic theme.MP: Kill time soooooooo freking short!  Not much improvements from COD 12.     6/10Zombie: Soz all my friends went to play other games.Cod 4: some how my PC cant run it.Single player mode completion update (2 days before uni finalls, 2am):I have to say i had lots of fun. Though in SP there are some slight boring/repetition times, I did enjoyed this 6-8 hrs journey in space. The start and end of the story is attractive and motivates me to keep on playing. The story commences at a good paste and characters were builtd with variations. Great music, stunning graphics.For me, its a 10/10. Best story since COD 10 . It might not be as phenomenal as COD 4, but still its a stunning game for 2016.Worth it.Worth the wait, worth the pc upgrade.And most of all, worth my time.Old review (based on steam store nag feedback):Don’t quite know for why so much hate. This page was filled with 'no' 'no' and more 'no'sBut leave the cod name and exceptions alone, its still the AAA product and is a great game.For me this game is worthy enough me work hard in summer and earn a new gaming rig just for this game.And i think it paid off. Though its just a few hours and i cant wait to say that its sooooooo cool.Its like the dream of taking a earth-space trip came true.Truly stunning graphics.(i have a gtx 1070 if u don’t meet the basic hardware requirements you shouldn't buy the game)Great music, always fits the sense.Damn man i love the futuristic topics!And for haters, let them hate. Cus one day when theres no CODs, it will be too late to cry. and plus, if you dont like the game, why bother spend money and buy it? Remastered? yeah suck that."
,Recommended,292730,26413132,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LK,BEST!!!
76561198073465095,Recommended,292730,26429219,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,nick cage,great game.F#ck the haters.
,Recommended,292730,26410293,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,NickInUHD,"Game is ok i guess, multiplayer is amazing tho"
,Recommended,292730,26424689,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[FN] bigbot,awesome game worth all $100 one of the best deals and a great call of duty :)
,Not Recommended,292730,33819332,Posted: 26 July,all,chaCHIGGAmahNIGGA,"LOL THIS GAMER CAN SUCKERONI MY TINY PEPE THE FROG, SO NOOB GAME I CRY WHEN I PLAY LOLZ!!!! DONT BUY IT FOR NOOBS, GO BUY MW2 OR UR NOT OG COD PLAY"
,Not Recommended,292730,26443783,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ABstract,If you enjoyed Black Ops 3 you'll probably enjoy this.  I mainly play for weapon camo unlocks and doing multiplayer challenges.  Gameplay is fun for me.  It has very similar concepts to Black Ops 3 with it's own twists to them which I prefer. Huge caveat though is low player base.Solution: Buy Battlefield 1!
,Not Recommended,292730,28112156,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Somilian Pirate,With 902 players playing...Jesus Christ can't save the game either.
,Not Recommended,292730,30709671,Posted: 24 March,all,Tournevald,"Pros: Great campaign mode/ ZombiesCons: MultiplayerAs far as single player content goes, the diversity in how the campaign is played makes it fun, even through repeat plays in the specialist difficulties. Though the story missions are still pretty linear, the ability to choose side missions and acquire weapon/aircraft upgrades allows for a break from the traditional progression. No spoilers, but the campaign's ending played more to reality rather than the typical cinematics of hero-based shooters.I've been a die-hard zombies fan since the game mode was introduced, and the work put into the zombie gameplay in IW does not disappoint. While players are still able to just hack and blast their way through a classic feel of zombies - let's see how far we can get - the objectives woven into the background of a map make for a true completionist's dream.  'Completing' a zombie's mission isn't easy either, and scales well to the size of a group. Definitely a thumbs up here.Multiplayer really missed the mark in IW for two reasons: virtually non-existent community for PC; and... wait for it... hackers. Waiting in queue for a team of people to start a match can take too much time for most of the objective modes since so few people play IW on computer compared to consoles. So if multiplayer is your thing plan on sticking to TDM, or break down and shell out the cash to play on PS or Xbox.Hackers are horrible in multiplayer. Wall/aim hacks are very obvious, even in the KDRs.... 57-3? please... I'm no techy so I don't know if PC is just an easy platform to manipulate, but the MP playability is nothing here compared to console play.Overall, single player content in this installment is amazing and has great replayability. But, as important as competitive play is, PC is, at this time, not a great choice compared to other gaming platforms."
76561198068735242,Not Recommended,292730,26734238,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,bulkchart32,"if i rated this on a scale from 1 to 10 as to how strongly i recommend buying it then i would give it a 6 if 5 is completely neutral. tdm is about the only mutliplayer match u can find a game in(this is true for infinte warfare and mw remastered) and zombies. but at night, most nights i can't find one. you'd probably be better off getting it for ps4 or xb1 if u want to be able to find multiplayer matches in the future. i think it will die quickly on the pc. my pc handle infinte warfare with no struggle at all. 1080@60 fps no problems. modern warfare is is is kinda rough on it though but it does still look and play pretty well. it is best to play it in borderless mode though. and if u have to chose between this and battlefield 1 i would defenitly go with bf1. my pc specs r 4790k oc'ed to 4.7ghz, 16gb of ram, gtx 970 overclocked with msi afterburner.edit:i've changed my opinion to don't buy it. i used to love activision but they royally suck now! and they have enabled vac protection on this game now so this makes me wonder if people r gonna start getting banned for nothing like they did with cod: black ops 3(i was one of those people). don't buy it. the multiplayer is about dead anyway. head over to origin and buy battlefield 1 if u want a real game."
76561197972606516,Recommended,292730,29528499,Posted: 27 January,all,Luciano StarKiller,"A bit short but pretty good game overall. I bought it discounted and I think it was worth it, I recommend the same for anyone else wanting it, the full price is way too salty.I only played singleplayer for anyone wondering."
,Not Recommended,292730,29555667,Posted: 28 January,all,PandaPlaysAll,"Worse game I have purchased, cost an arm and a leg then the game is just absolute garbage. Campaign garbage, played it for 2hours and couldn't play any longer. Multiplayer is full on hackers, that is if you can find a damn lobby. Zombies is still hosted peer to peer, so lag is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you get an online game, the easter egg is as annoying as catching a ♥♥♥♥ing wombat. Took me 25h or so to complete it, with over 10 attempts.Just don't buy the game, you will regret it if you do. Only way to play it is if you got a group of friends.- side noteI've heard CoD4 remastered is good, but it'd be nice IF THEIR WERE PLAYERS.instead of patching glitches and BANNING players for using GLITCHES, make the game ""good"" otherwise CoD will just die.Infinite Warfare Zombies is worse then Tranzit."
,Not Recommended,292730,26472457,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,quToniK,I just want a refund.... that's it....
76561198077504335,Recommended,292730,30583532,Posted: 17 March,all,balazslengyel,"The game generally receives very negative reviews but I have to say it runs great on my PC. Pulls very nice 60 FPS everywhere, no lag, no screen tearing when v-sync is activated. Mouse smoothing is available which makes the motion much smoother as well. Story mode in single player campaign is a fully cinematic experience (finally a good single player mode) with the usual great acting, and characters. I have not been a big fan of the modern COD games but both Black Ops 3 and this one now started to look decent on PC as well. It is always strange why the interim videos run with a lot of lag and skipping voice (like it was some strange mpeg video that was shoved in between game scenes), but the actual game is very steady in performance.For those skeptics out there here is my rig:Intel LGA1151 670016 GBRAMSSD and M.2 drives (faster load and chaching of the shaders at the start of the game)Nvidia GTX1080(runs flawlessly on high and ultra settings)"
76561198120588437,Not Recommended,292730,30074533,Posted: 21 February,all,Mr Bunk Bunk,"DO NOT BUYNo one plays this on PC, terrible connectioon problems, its best to save the cash and buy it on console. its a great game, i love it, but you should never buy this or any CoD on PC, only console"
,Not Recommended,292730,30560417,Posted: 16 March,all,jFer,...
76561197966105913,Recommended,292730,26482761,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Revixy,"This is the best Call of Duty title ever created.No joke, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This title is worth your money and time, especially if you're into space flight and everything that involves being in space. This is *the* most recommended chosen title to keep you occupied until Squadron 42 of Star Citizen hits the public floor.Enjoy~. ( And yes, I just compared it with Star Citizen, let that tell you just how good this game feels and plays. )10/10~.Full letsplay now available starting from start to finish below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA0em_6z2Vs&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHxPn7VCV3G2HDDutUvlGTmP&index=1"
,Not Recommended,292730,30134530,Posted: 23 February,all,Spicy,could not find a game
,Not Recommended,292730,26440522,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Doggosaur,"I'd rather buy $100 worth of garbage...Now that i think about it, i already have."
,Not Recommended,292730,30708904,Posted: 24 March,all,DoubleView pvpro.com,"This game is actually as bad as people say it is. yes it is unstable. yes the community is dead. yes it has under 3000 players daily, but its still fun! the only major mistake they did was bundeling it up with MWR. the games could sell so much better if they didnt bundle. i myself baught it just because of the remastered, like 70% of the other people that bought it on PC. the game is great on consol btw. great community and well made gameplay and neverending content. its just not worth buying for this pricetag and this low playercount"
76561198012190236,Not Recommended,292730,30697459,Posted: 23 March,all,420honkey,If i had a penny for each minute ive waited in the lobbys i swear id be rich. This game is total garbage! So many glitches and no way of blocking other laggy players that totally help make this game even worse. Purchased the game and season pass only to feel majorly ripped off. Cant believe this ended up in the warfare series because the previous warfare games tromp this. Wait till this game goes onsale for $5 just to say you have it in your collection otherwise dont waste youre money on whatever this is.
,Not Recommended,292730,30714742,Posted: 24 March,all,Face,"Bathroom break gone bad, its crap..."
76561198172315327,Not Recommended,292730,30069022,Posted: 20 February,all,Dreocast,add multiplayer split screen with this and i beleave people will stop bashing your brand. Idk why you think you could get away with not adding it for pc when these guys are the ones who usually write on your social media accounts and giving you a bad rep. I like the game but kinda a waste getting a season pass and not being able to play with a friend the new maps when they come over.Update: now i cant even log into the game to play the game. I have a season pass i wasted $100 on a game that says i have to update it but there is no que on steam that says that i do.
,Not Recommended,292730,30136068,Posted: 24 February,all,NordicMerrick117,"This is garbage. Anyone who plays this deserves to end their miserable existences. I'm sorry it had to end up this way, you poor creature."
,Not Recommended,292730,26448748,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,mooKs,"This game is garbage, I would not spend another minute playing this piece of trash."
76561198123408793,Not Recommended,292730,26448804,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blazikinahat,"Sorry, the campaign is good but it doesn't make or break the game and although zombies is fun solo I would like to get into a public match but I can't seem to find one. Until they fix it, do NOT buy this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,26439409,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,starsasdust,infinite loading for single play championcan't connect with co opRandom Program CrashNever pre order any game from this company
,Recommended,292730,26419402,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheGame.,"this game is better than i tought multiplayer is god damn awsome!and campaine is really good that space battles, just woahh. and is pretty funny tought, weapon costumisation is much bigger than in bo3 its just awsome game, what else could i say.i love it!"
,Not Recommended,292730,26428383,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,^5cloWn FFg,"Let me start by saying I thuroughly enjoyed BO3 MP and I feel I was half decent. I could enjoy myself even against ST cland and ELE clan despite some very suspicious members :DOkay, so first, I have had no crashes, game plays at about a solid 60 fps for me and I am running a GTX 970 still. Lol.Multiplayer is absolute garbage. Here are my reasons: 1: Spawns are garbage as ever. Worse than BO3... think... CS:GO Deathmatch spawns. 2: There are about 3-4 guns in the game that are INCREDIBLY overpowerd. We are talking no recoil, super rapid fire and this is all with out attachments. If you aren't using one of these rapidfire, bluebullet, no recoil weapons, you wont get kills but get killed as fast as if it is hardcore mode. GARBAGE WEAPONS so far. SUPER UNBALANCED. Be prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you until you are like rank 30 +.3: I have to mention weapon balance again.... the super unbalanced weapons mixed with stupid no logic spawns = worst MP ive ever seen in Call of Duty history.4: Yep, as in every COD, hackers galore on release day. You can watch them not hide the fact they have hacks. In one lobby i was in first time ever playing, this guy went 50+ and like less than 10 deaths. While I know that is not impossible to do, every kill cam I watched, he was clearly folling me thru a wall then the second my arm/gun was visible he was prefiring - sometimes before his target was even visible around a wall. I have seen one hacker per lobby about 7/10 lobbies. It is truly sad and disgraceful that activision/treyarch/infinity ward are too stupid to implement an anti cheat system. I mean seriously... the same hacks the same code every call of duty since call of duty. Then like in BO3 the report system didnt even work and players that blatenlty cheated were never banned. I can't imagine how great this game would be, yes, even IW, if they had a proper anti cheat system. FFSConclusion. Do not buy the game for multiplayer what so ever. Buy the game for Zombies or the remastered MWZombies: FUqking awesome. Everything about zombies is incredible. The new mechanics are so fun, the many missions/side objectives/EE is AWESOME!!!! Damn the map is beautiful, and MASSIVE! Love getting to actually PLAY THE ATTRACTIONS AND RIDES! This is the zombies I have hoped and dreamed for and cant wait to see what the next zombies experience is with Future mappacks.Update soon for remastered MW..."
76561198202520841,Not Recommended,292730,26428136,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Carterr,This game is not for the mentally stable! Warning this game will cause you to rip out your hair and think the enemy team is cheaters. I got this Cod for the fact that I wanted to 360 no scope a kid's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ open but instead i found myself looking down the barrel of a gun and consinplating suicide. I would rather but the 1000 dollar moby♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than this game at this when i get anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by that I will find pleasure... But zombies is  amazing!
,Not Recommended,292730,26429950,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tity Boi,game is capped at 91 fps ;( and mwr is ♥♥♥♥ed in all the ways possible and its locked on 60 hertz no 144 hertz :(
76561198219744725,Not Recommended,292730,26430066,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TBC_JeSsE,♥♥♥♥this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trash game wastes my 99 dollars. turn every single thing low and still lag like♥♥♥♥♥♥ battlefield way better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198294102693,Recommended,292730,26438360,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ChenZenHen,"*This review is addressing the campaign only*Call me a sinner, but multiplayer - even the legendary titan of Call of Duty's MP - has never really been my scene. I remember playing the very very first Call of Duty's campaign when I was ten, and naturally I sucked, but what amazed me was I was being given the sensation that I'm legit an American infantry soldier with other American infantry soldiers, all striving to keep one another alive and succeed in our objective. Loved it to bits, loved it loved it loved it.And obviously that campaign has aged and become outdated BUT playing Infinite Warfare's campaign feels very similar - I'm not as readily impressed as when I was ten, but everything feels authentic and you especially feel like equal parts a leader, soldier, badass and friend to those under your command; definitely all good things, considering this Call of Duty's storyline is more character-oriented than ever before.The basic story [no spoilers ahead, promise] is as follows: following humanity's extensive colonisation of whatever extreterrestrial bodies it can get its hands on, a rebel militia force from Mars - the Settlemend Defence Front - takes the fight to its neighbour planet Earth, demanding independence and blood. You play as Captain Nick Reyes, a single man charged with doing as much damage to the SDF as possible to keep your home, Earth, safe. Throughout your journies the point is really nailed home that sometimes, you can't save everyone and sometimes, somebody HAS to die. Otherwise, it's a classic CoD storyline - there is bad guy, bad guy wants thing, stop bad guy, shooty shooty grenadey tooty - with some nicely crafted character development and with the addition of side missions, a fresh sense of freedom.Infinite Warfare executed a risky approach to its campaign, where traditionally your character is mute and cutscenes are all played out in first person or during mission loading screens. Here you get to see your character, Captain Nick Reyes, conversing and interacting with other characters in a half-and-half mix of real time first person scenes and beautifully rendered, allbeit 30fps, pre-rendered cutscenes. Voice acting is on point, motion capture is so utterly utterly pleasing and realistic.Which helps, because it makes characters likeable, which is really what this game relies on. You grow attached your robot bud, E3N, and feel like a true friend to your executive officer Salter and British marine badass pal Omar. The way they talk, look at one another and feed off of one another's dialogue and actions really sets the scene for the tense situation you all find yourselves in and the relationships between the characters. That being said, it's a bizarre sensation to come across F1 driver Lewis Hamilton fixing up a tank on your ship, but it's oddly tongue-in-cheek and in the end, slightly endearing.Kit Harrington plays his part as Settlement Defence Front commander Salen Kotch impeccably, sliding into the character of a juvenile rebel space pirate perfectly. I just wish we could have seen more of him and seen him more developed, maybe through playing instead as his second in command, following him into battle and seeing him make the questionable decisions, because Salen Kotch is truly a villain this game deserves.It's a lengthy campaign too, fantastically. It has just over 30 missions (or in some cases, segments of a mission) that can each take up to twenty minutes to finish. I finished the campaign yesterday, clocking in nine hours. There's plenty of content here, I'm very happy to report.Importantly, it gives you the feeling that this war has gone beyond the short distance between Earth and Mars - this war encapsulates our entire solar system. Whether you're stealthily jetpacking your way through an asteroid belt above Pluto, flying above Jupiter or (one of the more oustanding missions) fighting your way through hordes of robots on an asteroid spinning out of control into the friggin sun, there's a sense of grandness. You'll also find yourself killing off the occassional Settlement Defence Front officer, which you can keep track of in your little office. It's definitely a good addition; while it really doesn't change anything story-wise, killing those in command is a nice break away from just killing those being commanded. The arsenal of weapons you'll aquire isn't necessarily sizeable, but when I finally found that loadout that just *works*, I didn't really mind. You can walk around your ship with *some* sense of freedom, and I was pleased to see such minute details as indeliberate dialogue between Reyes and random crewmen. Say what you like about its departure from tradition, but Infinite Warfare has some SERIOUS detail. For real.It won't have any of the immortalised missions like the ones we've seen and played from the Modern Warfare trilogy, and similarly with so many characters and so much story in the one game the inevitable occasional death is only half as affecting as it could be given more time spent with that character, but I still had a ball. The classic explodey action is complimented by some fantastic sound design, it looks great, it runs great (occasional stuttering aside) and most of all I'll be replaying the campaign for some time to come. The story more than holds up, and it's rare to come across a cast of characters I would absolutely love to spend another game with. The shooting is solid, ""Normal"" difficulty doesn't actually feel just like ""Easy"", it's some damn good sci-fi action for ya and there's even an FoV slider... everything about this game makes me so so happy that the CoD that got me into gaming is now here. It's even tempting me to try some multiplayer...10/10 would endlessly replay again. To my mind, this review hasn't done it justice enough."
,Not Recommended,292730,26438376,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,WitchHunter,"If you don't strongly exceed minimum requirements, expect problems. In my experience."
76561198112142171,Not Recommended,292730,26438391,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,cesar_mrc,"Just crap, not allow to play. And it is crashing just when changing the video settings. REALLY DISAPOINTED about these game.Do not buy it unless you want to get pist off.Try to change the video options and it freeze."
,Not Recommended,292730,26437937,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Unattended Anal,"Trust me when I say, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it does not work, and the MW1 remastered does not work well, it ruins everything I thought of MW1 when I was younger. The game crashed in every mode I couldnt even play offline zombies or campaign. It is 100% a failure for infinity Ward."
,Recommended,292730,26438003,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Disaster9942,"its a great game but for now its better on console because it wasnt the best pc port, if your a diehard fan then you should get it, if not you should waiit till the price drops and some of the bugs get worked out. but i see hope in this game and im gonna stick with it unlike most of the people that bought this game."
76561198137195453,Not Recommended,292730,26442785,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,octagongamingseries,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! First call of duty on PC and I have to say this game optimization is trash & you are limited to what you can play! Its all about money with activision! So my rig is 5820k gtx ftw 1080 and at 1440p even with the setting on HIGH (NOT ULTRA) BUT HIGH it only gets 91 frames and randomly dips to 30-40 while you are playing. The storyline cuts scenes drop to 20fps and stutters the whole time. With that said I notice people on PS4/XBOX playing gamemodes like SnD, you don't have that option! Its not in the playlist, someone said you have to buy the season pass for thje extra gamemodes!! WTF!!!*TL;DR - DONT BUY RANDOM FRAMES DROPS WHILE PLAYING & YOU DONT GET ALL THE GAMES MODE LIKE CONSOLE DO"""
,Recommended,292730,26447636,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Trypophobic,"A lot of people are complaining about this PC version of this game. While it's not the greatest, it's also not terrible. I purchased the Legacy edition to get MW:R and honestly, I'm kind of regretting that decision. There was a lot of speculation that they included MW:R to Infinite Warfare because the main game was going to be less than what was expected. It is not.The campaign is by far the best CoD campaign I've ever experienced (I have 1500 hours in MW2, and several hundred spread out over MW, Black Ops, BO2, and BO3), and the multiplayer is, while classically ""CoD balanced"" and frustrating at times, decent and entertaining. I found myself having a ton of fun while being killed over and over again with fully automatic shotguns. I have never been one to enjoy the Zombies mode, so I won't comment on the quality of it, although I did play one match and it seems well made.I have not had one issue with launching the game, stutters, FPS drops, low FPS, or crashing. I'm running an AMD FX-8350, ASUS GTX 970 and 16gb ram. I didn't have to touch the graphics settings much to get a stable 50-60fps at 1080p, and they're all set to high (I even raised a couple settings). I have even played the game while I had a livestream running on my second monitor with no issues. It runs smooth as silk, and if you have a newer GPU like the 10 series GTX cards you'll have zero problems keeping your FPS above 60.And might I add, I think this game looks beautiful. Sounds and effects are amazing and it just feels great.All in all, this game was a worthy $60. I would not recommend spending the extra $20 for MW:R, but that's subjective. The value you get from IW is amazing. I'm just hoping they support PC players more by adding dedicated servers and mod capabilities, but Infinity Ward tends to ignore that community."
76561198136812982,Not Recommended,292730,26448385,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blabe,"The lag in this game is so bad is makes it umbearble to play. I know it isnt my system, it's well above specs to run. If it wasnt for the lag this game might be enjoyable."
76561198076037845,Recommended,292730,26448441,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,xxCow_BellZ,"Not even a bad game.I have a R9 390, for those who do not know AMD it is the same as a 970. I also have an i5 4460 which is 3.2 ghz. I run IW perfectly. I reach the fps limit and the game is extremely smooth. IW is great so far, do not know why people are jumping on the bangwagon, IW is not a bad game.COD4 definitely has problems. As soon as I got into single player I saw that the fps and the grpahics were definitely not as good as IW. It is sad to see such a good game with potential on PC die because of a bad port. If activison fixes COD4 this will be a great bundle. I bought the 80$ version and I do not regret it. If you like cod this game is great.CANT WAIT FOR COD4 TO GET FIXED <3"
76561197986440452,Recommended,292730,26459442,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Blackwolf,Okay this is  good review for what it is . this is the first call of duty that interested me and the main campaign didnt disapoint is alot of ways. In some ways it did like i would have liked more side missions and missions in general. I am a old play of wingcammander starlancer and mass effect  now this is why i like this game. it reminds me what wing comander tryed toi do and what starlancer tryed to do and they pulled it off its a mix ofstarlancer wingcomander and a fps all in one. with the map and missions   and cinmatic moving around the cap ship like mass effect. if they would have done a full on   starlancer or wing commander and masseffect it would have been the high light of the fall season.for the life of me i dont know why they didnt add co op space missions or space mission battles in mplayer they they did it would have been a even greater game. Dont get me wrong this has falaws but if your in the market for a wing commander fps mix with space and ground mission this is a campaign for you.
,Recommended,292730,26446533,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jamie,What black ops 3 should have been
,Not Recommended,292730,26425642,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FaintedSquirtle,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,292730,26446343,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tyson,"I haven't bought a cod since MW3 came out and that was on the Xbox 360... I sold my ♥♥♥♥ing Marble Fade Gut Knife FN to buy this game cause it looked really good. 80's themed zombies, a story line with Conor Mcgregor and Kit Harington. What not to like? Besides all the negative feed from SJW's this game is actually really fun. I thought it looked like trash when I first seen the trailer but meh idk. I honestly really just wanted a COD game and I'm satisfied.  8/10My opinion ^^^_____________________________________________"
76561198238017998,Recommended,292730,26446498,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,L.C.Fozzy,its ite
76561198089860003,Recommended,292730,26446502,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ritra,"I had mixed feelings about this game when I purchased it, and I did go all out and buy a Digital Deluxe edition to get my hands on the Modern Warfare Remaster but I do have to say, this game is getting a lot of unecessary hatred and flak for absolutely no reason, it may be futuristic sure, it may be more of the same in a few ways absolutely, but it isn't by any means terrible, infact it's pretty entertaining and the story, as well as the characters are well written and likeable.I overall enjoyed my playthrough of the campaign and quite liked getting stuck into a CoD game again, I will however say it still doesn't top the Modern Warfare trilogy as that time line and story was the best that I think Infinity Ward has put out there, that being said this game is worth a pick up if you enjoy a good FPS shooter with some other elements to the gameplay like vehicle gameplay etc.For the record it isn't at all terrible but I cant see the new futurisitic theme being anything to ride home about, but it's fun nonetheless and the multiplayer is a good casual entertaining experience. It definately doesn't deserve the hatred that it gets at all.If I were to rate it I'd give it these scores...Gameplay - 8/10Single player - 8.5/10Multiplayer - 8/10Graphics - 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26439539,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cute Pupper irl,IW Multiplayer is dead on day 2. Unfortunate but expected. Takes 5-10 minutes to get a full lobby if you arent playing TDM.
76561197961182093,Not Recommended,292730,26439548,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,bross,garbage. bought for MWR and its laggy as ♥♥♥♥ and doesnt run right. do NOT buy. not worth it. wait until its on sale.
76561197965343601,Recommended,292730,26439787,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,get in the van,"Disregard all the negative reviews, I am playing through the campaign and its the most fun I've had with a COD in quite awhile.  Good performance with a GTX 980; great game!"
76561198018406615,Not Recommended,292730,26440077,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ryan526,"Bought this game to give it a try and confirm all the reports of stuttering and it being unplayable.  Turns out the stuttering issue is real as life and I stopped playing after about 5 minutes playing the campaign.my specs:i7-4790kSLI 2x EVGA 1080 SC32gb memMonitoring both GPUs shows game only utilizes one GPU, thats fine and dandy but one 1080 cant handle this? Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Activision.I will be refunding this game soon if the issues are not fixed. (thanks based gaben)"
76561198092511029,Recommended,292730,26415848,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,thiccboibigsmoke,it's ok it's kinda like bo3 and mw2
76561198030267943,Recommended,292730,26419785,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lucky Harms,"This is what im talking about!Why the hate, this game is incredible. A couple hours into the main campaign and the story has me hooked. Gameplay and presentation are solid, and i haven't expierenced any bugs. Im starting to believe many of the reviewers knocking this game want COD to be something its not. Don't listen to the nay sayers, buy this game. The last time i was this engaged was MW."
,Recommended,292730,26419810,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,R4GE,"i think this game is pretty good, hopefully the dlc  and the upcoming zombie maps are going to be good"
,Not Recommended,292730,26416491,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Leaf Dog,"I really wanted to like this game but sadly it simply isnt very good,  The playlists arent very populated and only seem to find a game consistantly if you play Team Deathmatch.Im really dissapointed"
76561197983587229,Not Recommended,292730,26416512,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,yoorobert,"Been tryng to play this game in Nvidia surround for the last hour and it starts up fine (takes about 15 minutes to pre-load shaders) and then when in-game, the center screen goes black.   The right and left screen are fine but i can't see anything on the center screen.   Was getting a bit annoyed but i stayed patient, restarted the game and played for about 5 minutes and then again black center screen.  Anger levels started rise but I stayed patient and rebooted my entire PC to try again.   After rebooting and restarted game on the 3rd attempt, played for 5 minutes and black center screen again.  Exited game,  wrote this review and will get a refund for these piece of goddamn garbage that looked the same as every other call of duty game for the 5 minutes i was able to play this piece of goat turd."
76561198325998764,Recommended,292730,26418624,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jeeper1775,I am rather surprised at the number of bad reviews. While I will admit the game has some frame/stuttering issues at the very beginning of multiplayer matches I won't go as far as saying it is a waste of money. I enjoyed it so far and have not had the problems many others are experiencing with the exception of the stuttering of frames at the beginning. I will say it does feel like they ripped a page out of Halo's book in terms of the way the game feels and plays on certain maps. This reiterates my feeling that one can never count on Call of Duty to release a solid and original game two years in a row. It seems and feels like every other year is a good release. Maybe they should release one every two years and get it right versuses being un-original and kind of boring. Either way give it a shot and come to your own conclusions.
76561198085700788,Recommended,292730,26415603,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Shadowknight908,K so yall battlefield players stop whining this game ran fine for me idk why but i think the UK version is having issues cause im fine with my GTX 980 then again i do have two BUT this game is great i completed it (dont know if im the first) and had SO much fun although really sad ending i had tons of fun start to finish props infinity Ward
,Not Recommended,292730,26428318,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ProConsul,"I have not played for very long but from what I gathered it is not fun at all.  If you enjoyed the previous itterations of COD then this will probably keep you interested until the next one comes out.  They added in guns from previous games like MW2.  These guns feel out of place like they were added in at the last minuet to get the final bit of content in but the worst part is that they dont act like they did in the old games.  I bought this game for the remastered COD4 and I am very, very unhappy with it.  When I first launched it I thought ""Hey this feels like the good old times!"" after my first game I felt very odd about the game but shook it off thinking it was only my nostalgia goggles not working properly.  So I played a few more rounds but after everyone I had the exact same feeling and then it hit me, the reason I dont like it is because its not COD4.  Yes Raven did a wonderful job creating a mechanically sound (but boring) shooter but the problem is that they added the COD4 name on to it.  The guns did not feel or sound like they did years ago, it was very obvious that if you tried to use anything different than what everyone else was you were going to get no kills,  the almost endless spawn camping in multiplayer followed by the endless killstreaks that everyone can unlock by holding down M1 just dont make it fun.  If you want a shooter that is mechanically sound and tons of fun get Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2 both are so much better and can offer a larger amount of content."
76561198040174299,Not Recommended,292730,26428728,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Double Deep,"Should have just named it ""Advanced Warfare 2"". This is a game that was made with no effort and then used gimmicks like DLC's to make up for the lack of content not to mention the copied and pasted entities and sound effects from previous Call of Duty's. Don't waste your time and money, if you did, refund it like I did. What a shame...and I was excited for this."
,Not Recommended,292730,26428765,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,campo,if you love mouse acceleration then this game is for you.
,Recommended,292730,26428816,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Soviet Thiccness,"As much as everyone is hating on it... I personally love it, so heres my rundown so far...Overall Gameplay:-Feels like BO3-Some cool weapons-I personally didn't have any issues running the game... My textures and everything are set to the highest and it runs smooth.IW Campain:-It's a CoD Campain but I like the approach it takes-Interesting Characters in my opinionMultiplayer:-There are Server issues at the moment but that is something that will obviously be fixed-Supply Drops return but I don't mind-Create a Class available from the start is pretty cool tbhZombies (My expertise):-Feels A LOT like Treyarch zombies, but less serious... Which I love as it's immediately familiar but it's also a new approach at the same time-I love the concept of the story-Great Atmosphere-The Hoff can fight zombies along side you like dude, thats awesome-Weapon Kits return and I think every weapon from multiplayer is in zombies-In the weapon kits, the new distinct variations are able to be used (An example is being able to use the Ripper variant of the RPR EVO)-Candy Perks that function the same as Treyarch-Clowns are the special rounds-Fun Characters-You CAN actually customize your starting pistol-Pack a Punch returns of course-Fate and Fortune cards are actually really nice and chill compared to the RNG Gobblegums-the ""Zombie Crates"" are supply drops that replace one of the slots with a Fate and Fortune card pack... And yes, the weapon variants you get from the zombie crates cary over into multiplayer too and vice-versa...Overall Rating Day One: 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26428901,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vue19EC|<,"Lets start by saying that Call Od Duty Inifinite Warfare actually save this game from getting refunded.My intention of purchasing this game was for Modern Warefare remaster.However, I am disappointed wby 10 folds. IW runs way better with max settings while MW remaster is CRAP!!!!My rig has an 970 and i5, tell me how I am having FPS drop every seconds.I tested the remaster in with all low settings and yet my frames are dropping and I am lagging.Now this is for the MP only.I have yet to replay the SP.*****DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT THE REMASTER****Wait til IW patches the remaster edition or wait for the price to drop.It is not worth your hard earn money."
76561198070081343,Not Recommended,292730,30945644,Posted: 4 April,all,G8 DevBass A,There are 2 reasons for buying this game:Campagin mode and cod4 remakeIf u are looking for mp game go buy BF4*This is not a sellout for BF4 btw
,Not Recommended,292730,28525849,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BestKnight,"Ok, so i bought this (like most people) for MWR, but i thought i would play infinite warfare just to see how it was. It is not fun. I mean thats the best way to put it. Its just plain not fun. Now let me say i only played the multiplayer, because im not a huge singleplayer guy, so i cant speak for the SP. But from the little i played, it was not fun. Alot of stuff is infuriating (the brecci 2.0), the gunplay feels weird, the stupid ""change mode"" guns are stupid. Also, as insult to injury. its a 70 GB download. 70 ♥♥♥♥ing Gigabytes. How much extra useless♥♥♥♥♥♥did they cramm in this game. GTA V is 68 GB, and what do you think has more content and replayability.TLDR: Dont recommend, unless 1.diehard CoD fan 2.Liked Blops 3. But still its a tough sell."
,Recommended,292730,28595184,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Syntheticshaft,"GOY? Nope, but this game doesn't deserve all the hate it gets, seriously. Hackers... yes I have ran across some but its not polluted like some of the online community seems to think. I think most of the ""hackers"" are actually controller users in my opinion because there is aim assist... Which makes this game really no different than any other COD, the big difference I believe is the TTK, which is ridiculously fast and makes that COD rage come out in full force for some people. The biggest knock on this game is the community which is none existant, and makes for a challenge to find online MP games at certain times but in no way makes this game unplayable. This game needs more players and for people to stop hating because its trendy to throw stones."
,Recommended,292730,28564762,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nathon,"Call of Duty has always been my favorite FPS title. The polished nature of the games make the experience enjoyable. However, this installment has been a little frustrating. I purchased the $99 package that comes with C.O.D. Modern Warfare Remastered, bonus map, etc. The download was over 127GB (no that's not a typeo')! For that size I expected a lot. While the graphics are beautiful, a bug has already left me stranded in limbo during one mission. I ultimately had to redo the mission and it went through correctly the second time. The ship you're on does not have many features. Basically you can watch videos and take missions. They really could have done so much more with it, like allowing you to upgrade and customize armor and let you modify weapons and loadout outside of missions. Really it all seems like a basic FPS, not what I've come to expect from the C.O.D. franchise. I hope they enhance the game. With some relatively minor enhancements it could become one of my favorites!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30926186,Posted: 3 April,all,Elliott Harry Maher,"The biggest Disapointment in my enire Steam Libary (and that's saying something), Infinity Ward, i trusted you..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30914053,Posted: 2 April,all,skilledcjb,"^The Few Games I Actually played On Matchmaking I Thought Maybe This Game Has potential, But 97% Of The Time It Is Stuck In Matchmaking Lobby Can't Find A Match or Update Requires Restart Irritates Me To No End, Really Disappointed With This Purchase And I Hope Someday They Finish It Right And Get People Involved In Playing It. That Being Said I Really Liked The Few Games I Have Played, Some Features In This Game That Were Fun; Slide, Wall Ride, More Jump, Change Scope On The Fly, Parkour, And Zombies Alone I Will Get My $ Worth Out Of This Game."
,Not Recommended,292730,28685110,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Anthroborg,Spoiler Alert!  Info on ending of game story below!!!_________________________________They freaking kill everyone at the end of the game.  Including the main character.  F*** this game I wish I could get a refund on the game and the time I wasted playing it.   The single player game was also crazy short took me less than a day to beat it.
,Not Recommended,292730,28685550,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FlYiNgM0Nk3yZz,"I brought this game 2 days ago and I love COD MW Remastered... for some reason i can notr play this game on multiplayer, i cant connect and after about 3 mins of waiting i get booted for the lobby and it say connection issue... its not my internet as i can play any other game on multiplayer apart from this game! i am very dissapointed but i understand that this could just be teething problems! If anyone can help me fix this that would be great! if there is no fix yet then i suggest that people that are buying this game understand that they might not be able to play this game on multiplayer and can only play MW remastered online at this current time !"
76561198124847173,Not Recommended,292730,28667909,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr Obj,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash, no ads fov, laggy as hell because of p2p lmao its 2017 nearly. Thats just a couple of things, cant be bothered to write everything. DONT BUY!!"
76561197968915820,Not Recommended,292730,28651322,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,have gun will travel,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥just a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing more nothing less
,Not Recommended,292730,28654300,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chris Hansen,The game is exactly like Black Ops III.
,Not Recommended,292730,28654339,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Todd Chavez,"I had only picked up this game because it was on sale, and I really wanted to give Modern Warfare Remastered a whirl. MW Remastered is excellent multiplayer wise, but I didn't get to see the single player mode because I am now requesting a refund. Infiinite Warfare is unplayable for me, and I could not justify keeping it for MW Remastered. I can't join a multiplayer match in IW, and whenever I try to return to the main menu, the game crashes. When I try to change a setting, the game crashes. It's so sad to see such a fantastic series suffer from technical glitches. Not to mention the fact that COD has strayed so far from its original intent that it is barely recognizable as a game from the franchise. I truly miss Call of Duties like Modern Warfare and Black Ops. Don't waste your time on this game if you want a decent FPS, because this is far from decent."
76561198088672524,Not Recommended,292730,28690748,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ROCKYBUDD,"I hate to say this, but I believe this is the worst call of duty, I have ever played. The fact that I had to purchase this just to get MW Remastered, says a lot about the game!"
76561198217653269,Recommended,292730,28589799,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Voltex,Amazing game!
,Not Recommended,292730,28648780,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Missing 8 chromosomes,"TL;DR: DO NOT BUY. NO ANTI CHEAT. RUNS BADLY ON HIGH END RIGS.SPECS:GTX 970i7-3770 Quad Core @ 3.4 gHz16 GB RAMI tried to enjoy this game, I really did...but it just runs too poorly to enjoy it at all. And there's no anticheat....The first game I got into there was a hacker. This game came out like a month ago....As for the game itself, well it's fun as ♥♥♥♥. But it just runs so incredibly bad that it's honestly embarassing. Stutters all over the place....Just don't buy this game. There are plenty of better games you could spend your money on. This game is a disgrace to PC gamers, it is clear that Activision does not care about this fanbase. Infinity Ward was oh so quick to fix the keys exploit, but anticheat? arguably the most important thing in a PC game, they still haven't added. I won't be spending my money on this again until they improve it...if they ever do..."
76561198332334485,Recommended,292730,28649854,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sir. Pickety,bugged campaign lol too bad it was i enjoyed it
,Not Recommended,292730,26411295,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TornFall,not that great
76561198304807352,Recommended,292730,33077533,Posted: 1 July,all,willsmith19904,The storyline in this game was great from start to finish.  You could connect with the people in the storyline and never feel bored it is worth the buy.
76561197987376999,Recommended,292730,33099068,Posted: 1 July,all,Lord Mawk,"My review is based on the single player campaign.Having played all of COD campaigns I can safely say, that if this game is the furthest in the ""future timeline"" that the franchise goes, it was well worth it.There was a bit too much time in the cockpit for my taste but overall I really enjoyed it. The new cinematic cut scenes add a deeper level of emotional attachment to the characters than some of the previous installments.This is the first campaign with a bit of ""choose your own path"". You'll reach a point in the game where you can follow the main storyline or do side missions.If you liked previous COD campaigns, definitely buy this (when it's on sale).Side note: Audio is choppy unless you put it in full screen borderless mode."
76561198020178130,Not Recommended,292730,29354613,Posted: 19 January,all,Kami,The game is crap now that no one ever plays it. No one even plays the Gun Game ever
,Recommended,292730,29930764,Posted: 14 February,all,Woodysoapbar,"Verdict: I thoroughly enjoyed this game but buy it on sale if you're on the fence.TDLR:If you can play this game with an open mind and ignore all the hate to formyour own opinion,you may find yourself liking this game afterall.forewarning though: this is a different type of call of duty title, meaning it could be a shock to players used to the history based CoD games.Now that I have completed the campaign, pumped hours into multiplayer, and explored the zombies mode, I think I can say that I went into this game with an open mind and I was absolutely not dissapointed.This game definitely got a bad rap and got a lot of hate simply because people aren't willing to try new concepts with an open mind. I love the original call of duty games from world war II just like I love the call of duty games now with the futuristic side. I like them because with the futuristic setting a developer can play with different ideas and story elements that a dedicated time period such as world war II would hinder due to technological constraints. For instance, obviously we don't have ""directed energy""laz0rweapons, and I loved the creativity Infinity Ward put into their weapons simply because they weren't bound by the constraints of a particular time period. BTW I love the richocheting bulletstrick shots are f***ing insane. I'm not easily moved by campaigns but the end credit monologues had me in tears, sure perhaps I'm a sap simply because I can relate to them, but I loved the campaign and it puts a new spin on solar military combat.Multiplayer is sadly dead, it is fun if the only game mode you like is TDM or Domination but otherwise if you're getting the game just for multiplayer, then save your money. I love the scraps system where you can upgrade weapons to which they can have different abilities and scorestreak modifiers, I think that is a great concept. I'm not a fan of the microtransactions but businesses gonna biz.Zombies isn't really my forte, it does feel like Infinity Ward is trying to cash in on the popularity of Treyarch's take on Zombies and I think that they should leave the zombies to Treyarch and focus more on the survival game modes from previous IW titles, I personally thought they were developed better than their take on Zombies.Lastly, the price tag and the inclusion of MWR I think wasn't the smartest idea, they are now planning on lettingMWR have a standalone versionwhich is great for those who want the remastered experience of IW's greatest game. The price tag is purely to your own value. IW and many partners put thousands of hours into this project and if you feel this game is worth $60 than go for it and help the developers, if not, wait for a sale. I personally am not thrilled with the $60 price tag and I know many others aren't either. If you're hesitant about getting this game, wait for a sale, buy it and if you don't like it, return it so it doesn't put as big a dent in your wallet.I need water now because I verbally spoke this as I wrote it."
76561198141081509,Recommended,292730,33338086,Posted: 7 July,all,Nattoki I skinhub.com,Zombies is lovely. Multiplayer the same as BO3. Haven't played the campaign yet.
,Recommended,292730,33334168,Posted: 6 July,all,LADY_B0N3R,"For those like me who looks for a good Campaign mode in a COD game, look no further. Infinite Warfare has one of the best campaigns next to the Modern Warfare trilogy. The story is well written, the characters are well voiced and you actually care about them eventhough as per COD tradition, everyone dies. The graphics are great and the space battles are what Star Wars Battlefront EA should have been. Optimization isn't a problem either in this game."
76561198084178130,Not Recommended,292730,33330721,Posted: 6 July,all,Some Sweaty Guy | trade.tf,poopy 0/10 would not play again
,Recommended,292730,28892517,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,General Jawa,"No interest in MP, but hands down the best Cod campaign ever"
,Recommended,292730,28945363,Posted: 2 January,all,Trumped!,"I just wanted to take a moment to say that I was pleasantly surprised with the multiplayer. As a brief background I would like to say that I played the earlier Call of Duty games (up to the first Black Ops) and this game is my re-entrance back into the series. After playing Battlefield 1 for a while it is refreshing to play an FPS where there are no vehicles and smaller maps. I can understand why some are tired of ""futuristic gameplay"" but to someone just coming back to the series it is great to play a COD game again.*I have yet to play with people who I felt were hacking**I have been a little dissapointed with the lack of people online"
76561197970586933,Not Recommended,292730,28773829,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Punisher,OMG Another worthless console port that should be DLC from 2006
,Recommended,292730,28784414,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dellamoo,Great game loads of different maps. its different in a good way!
,Recommended,292730,28810839,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RasperSS,Havent played COD since Modern Warfare came out. The campign is amazing. Online play takes a bit getting used too as its super fast paced. Weapons need more balancing as shotguns have a great advantage. But you learn how to take care of them sooner or later. Hackers seem to be disappearing slowly after a couple weeks. But they still show up here and there. Other than that it is a great game.
76561198346889868,Recommended,292730,28820381,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sage,"Okay, so I know this game has recieved a lot of hate, but it's not THAT bad. The campaign is actually pretty good. Unlike the multiplayer where you die in an instant (I suck). The multiplayer can be enjoying if youre doing good, but really frustrating when youre doing terrible. The multiplayer experience is okay, but not good. The campaign though, is pretty good and will last you a lot of hours. So if youre more of a campaign kind of guy, i definitely recommend this."
,Not Recommended,292730,28840108,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hidden Envision,Call of Duty: Infinite NV4-fareno really please nerf this gun or something.
76561198011212813,Not Recommended,292730,29151969,Posted: 9 January,all,[EH]Goren⛄,this game duse not work the campane on the loading screen it crashes zombies and multiplayer  duse not work .
,Recommended,292730,31840790,Posted: 19 May,all,PayChingPlays,"Decent game, not worth full price but whtever"
76561198140174647,Not Recommended,292730,31987931,Posted: 26 May,all,Nova,"This is to you, the buyer, ready and eager to buy this game. Please don't. I made the mistake you have or will. The IW campaign is not that bad, the multiplayer is ok. As for COD 4 Remastered, not so good. They changed the guns ALOT and you can hardly get out of the spawn traps. Were you ready to play some online multiplayer? Think again! You will hardly ever find a match, most play hardcore, if theres even any on. Moral of the story, COD 4 Remastered was boring and they messed with the content more than i would like to admit is true. Wait till this game hits rock bottom, then go on to♥♥♥♥♥or some place similar and buy it. Won't take long i'm sure. If you're still reading, and still consider getting the game for old time sake, then don't say i didn't warn you.edit: forgot about zombies. Just a ripoff of treyarch, but still fun."
76561198220389788,Recommended,292730,31760286,Posted: 14 May,all,skelo,"{great game} on pc amazing graphics, really pops out at you solid, more people = more fun>>>soo come join in guys ^^abit of critical info game wont run without 2gb video card or better so dont even try it!!Processor: Intel Core i3-3225 @ 3.30GHz or equivalentMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 2GB / AMD Radeon HD 7850 2GBDirectX: Version 11Network: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 70 GB available space"
76561198140705762,Not Recommended,292730,31868998,Posted: 20 May,all,BabySteppz,"MP is pretty bad in my opinion. To me the only redeeming think about IW is the Zombies, which I can not get enough of. I personally think since IW did sell well and because there are so feel people who play it they should refund some of our moneys. I know this will never happen but I truly cant recommend buyiung this game unless really interested in the zombies."
76561198109073254,Recommended,292730,26423314,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheJuiceCrew,"Ok, I'm going to play Devil's Advocate here. This game is honestly not as bad as people say it it. The Multiplayer, I will admit, is absolute garbage, BUT the single player campaign and zombies mode MORE than make yup for it. The single player is fun, suspensful, and is honestly one of the better FPS stories I have ever played. The zombies are more varied, fun, lighthearted, and clever than they have ever been. So please, keep an open mind and play a demo of the game before you hate on it."
,Not Recommended,292730,31868951,Posted: 20 May,all,Gucci gang,1/10  lit memes
76561197972223037,Not Recommended,292730,31868009,Posted: 20 May,all,Edge_DragoonRider,"campaign is by-the-numbers and characters are mostly flat with the exception of a few good lines.  This series is stale, and I want my 60 bucks back on this one."
76561198065860631,Recommended,292730,31849886,Posted: 19 May,all,ⓡⓤⓢⓢⓘⓐⓝ ⓗⓐⓜ,"It's actually a good game, it's problem is that it is called 'Call of Duty' when it really isn't a Call of Duty game.  Wall Running feels like it was forced in last minute, and wasn't meant for the game, which puts a damper on the quality of multiplayer, but it is still a fun game.  I do feel that since this is so different than normal Call of Duty games, having a small amount of shields would have been interesting, or perhaps just increased health but no regen.  Zombies is solid as always, but still not as good as Treyarchs, and over all it seems like a fine game, that got the shaft because of it's name.  Not amazing, but not bad by any means.  It's kinda sad that it went to waste, but at least it got us a new WWII COD game."
76561198050225793,Not Recommended,292730,28084240,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PEANUTBUTTER,Locked all DLC up in Season Pass.
76561198053606306,Recommended,292730,31903018,Posted: 22 May,all,Abysm,"I bought the game during the sale mostly because I wanted Modern Warfare Remastered.I liked the look of Infinite warfare from the trailers as it looked like a fun game even if it was not what the community wanted, however upon launching the game it constantly just freezes for no reason after about 5 minutes. I cannot play the game to have a proper opinion about it because it does not work! To be honest it is really unfortunate because I would like to play Infinite Warfare but alas it does not work as I stated previously.Modern Warfare remastered however is amazing! 100% would recommend getting the bundle even if you do not bother playing Infinite warfare."
,Recommended,292730,31912391,Posted: 22 May,all,Awaken! My Love,"The multiplayer is less than stellar,. The poor hit detetion and constant lag spikes make it frustrating. The zombies, on the otherhand, is quite enjoyable. It's a nice change of pace to the more serious Treyarch maps. :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,32052596,Posted: 29 May,all,Tictacs,"I wanted to like this game. But I cannot like a game if I can't play it.Couldn't even make it past the intro cinematic before crashing.And my machine is no slouch. Can play just about any modern release without skipping a beat (Witcher 3, DoW3, Deathwing etc). I gave this game 4 reasonable chances (verified game cache, drivers etc) and it crashed at the exact same spot in the loading screen that followed the Intro Cinematics to the campaign.AAA experience this has been.Requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,26469071,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Master Beta,"I actually enjoyed zombies and campaign, but the lack of fixes and achievements for the first dlc show that infinity ward just don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about pc players.This is a game I truely regret buying for pc, so If you must play infinite warfare get it on Xbox or PS4 where the developers actually care"
,Recommended,292730,32818140,Posted: 26 June,all,CoolDisaster YT,"NO ANTI-CHEAT... ARE YOU KIDDING.I dont think call of duty even cares about PC players anymore :(.Still really fun to play, and worth the money if you have a beefy computer."
,Recommended,292730,32904534,Posted: 27 June,all,I MISS MY ACOG,Nice game hard to find a multiplayermaop though
76561198133687629,Recommended,292730,30157971,Posted: 24 February,all,chriswarick11,"UPDATE:This game runs great, seems antivirus prgrams do not like cod. If you temp disable avg it runs no problems at all. I do enjoy this game, it is like a mix of black ops 3 and advanced warfare. In this cod the server is more in sync (ie opponents are not seconds ahead of you). I have yet to try the campaign, but zombies are very noob friendly. They made it a lot easier to sneak by zombiesa nd get to higher rounds. The multiplayer is improved from the previous cod. It is more in sync, less camping, less jumping around. Progress carries over from multiplayer to zombies and vice versa, which is awesome. I think one of the best cods in awhile. I changed my review from negative to positive, because I thought something was wrong with the game. There is not, it was anti-virus program preventing it from running properly."
76561198140585966,Recommended,292730,30203949,Posted: 26 February,all,Banbear,Zombies Hella fun everything else = trash.
76561198160578635,Recommended,292730,30301464,Posted: 3 March,all,Camper hater,"this game enters conflict with those following apps:-Internet Explorer-Mozilla Firefox-G chrome-all the other COD games-Steam-Avast antivirus-local disk D-local disk C-Public F-recycle BIn-desktop-Windows FirewallThe electric stuff in my house that enter conflict with COD:-toaster-lamp-ceiling fans-my PCStuff in my neighbourhood that make cod IW crash:- the entire neighbourhood.Stuff that dont make cod IW crash:- [INSERT TEXT HERE]Conclusion: Before you play this game, make sure you dont have any other electric apparature plugged-in near the PC. While you play, make sure to not have any app opened, otherwise the game will crash. Sometimes, entering full screen crashes the game. The router does not cooperate with the game. and everytime I open this game, it starts with a freeze. When it rains, CoD IW crashes the more raindrops fall from the sky. The more epics you get in this game, the more the game will crash because of overheating from that much content. Having google on while playing IW is a grave mistake, as the presence of google or other website on your desktop makes IW, evidently, crash.totally the best game ever made by iw. Totally reccomending it"
,Not Recommended,292730,28699244,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,XxSUGARSPARKxX,I can't launch any of the modes... What joy...
,Not Recommended,292730,29099935,Posted: 7 January,all,stinky nigga,total♥♥♥♥♥♥ bought the game for remaster while on sale regret every penny.
76561198126698093,Not Recommended,292730,29064801,Posted: 6 January,all,DiamondDrWho,do not get this game and if you do get the pack with modern warfare remastered that game is good. Infinite warfare sucks it is s**t. play any other call of duty game than this one.they are just forcing you to get it just so you can play modern warfare remastered. modern warfare is not on steam alone. the are just forcing you to buy call of duty infinite s** tfare it  ♥♥♥♥ing suck.
,Recommended,292730,28946444,Posted: 2 January,all,Dazzle,"The game is pretty good overall.Campaign is kind of shabby in my opinion because after a couple hours of gameplay you get to select which mission you want to play so the game has almost no plot. But after all its just my opinion.Multiplayer is pretty good if your not competitive, if your used to playing call of duty on a console it might take a while to get used to the controls of it might take a while to get good on the PC."
,Recommended,292730,28955164,Posted: 2 January,all,Southpaw,"Ever since the final mission in 007: Nightfire, I've had an insatiable desire to enjoy first person combat with cool laser weapons in space. This game scratches that itch brilliantly.I've never been a huge fan of CoD, nor a serious CoD player by any metric. I've always loved zombies but never really touched multiplayer - and I hadn't played a campaign through since Big Red One.With this game, that has all changed for me. Despite the game's poor reputation (in my opinion, an underserved one), the game is quite strong. Whereas BO2-3 and AW sort of stumbled in a weird middle ground of sci-fi, cyberpunk, and alternate reality future-tech warfare, IW finds itself quite comfortably in raw sci-fi.The CoD formula works very well in the context of galactic warfare, and although you'll seldom find yourself forgetting that you're playing a videogame, nothing is too absurd or too unbelievable to palate. The campaign is really quite excellent, and although fairly linear, you do make some small decisions and have optional missions that you can undertake. There's a refreshing, albeit minor, sense of freedom here.Zombies in Spaceland is pretty cool, although it gets old somewhat quicky and doesn't really stand up to extensive play. (But that could just be me.)The multiplayer is actually a lot of fun. It can be extremely frustrating, sure, and it's quite chaotic, but it's an enjoyable way to spend an hour or two of freetime during the weekend or on a weeknight. There's loads to do, lots of small goals to accomplish and plenty of weapons, attachments, camo, features, and so on to unlock. It's entirely possible to earn all of the above without making use of the game's microtransaction system.If you're a seasoned CoD fan, this one might not be for you. If you're someone who enjoys shooters and has can't get enough of FPS games in space, you should definitely consider it. The price point might be a little high, but it's worth getting on sale.I don't reret buying this in the least. In fact, I'm really glad I did. It looks utterly fantastic, it plays well, and, above all else,  it's fun. After all, isn't that the point?"
76561197970656825,Recommended,292730,29155609,Posted: 9 January,all,Meat Bonus,"I have to say that this is one of my favorite Call Of Duty games. I realize opinions are pretty polar on this game, but I find it to be a fun, fast paced shooter. I really enjoy the maps and the design of the weapons and armor. After having propulsion packs and being able to run on walls I almost feel like it would be hard going back to a game that was ""boots on the ground"". Maybe even boring.Only cons I'd give the game is the same I have for all the Call Of Duty games I've played (and I've been playing since Modern Warfare 1) - the cheaters. I don't understand why people feel the need to cheat. Part of why I love these games is to overcome how much I always suck initially and to actually become good at the game. There's no real sense of accomplishment with cheating. I don't get it. But I digress. The cheaters suck. I don't see the company doing much about it honestly. But, it's still a fun game and you can always get a new lobby after a match if you don't want to play with someone who is cheating. But I really really do wish the company would put a huge smackdown on these guys.They could use an engine update as well. It's not a game breaker for me, and don't get me wrong, the graphics are good, they could just be better. I hope that whatever their follow up to this (though this may not be the popular opinion) they will keep with the futurist theme. Or at the very least they stay with a Modern or Advanced warfare setting. I'm really just not interested in shooting people with guns from the 50s. Sorry BF1."
76561198053101111,Recommended,292730,29155866,Posted: 9 January,all,GarbageSauce,"I can honestly say that the game is not all that bad. The campaign was fun, a bit confusing (but simple), and interesting. I feel like the characters were developed by a sufficient amount as I felt attached to them during the ending scene. Graphics are beautiful. Gave my mediocre build quite a workout.Here are the things I did not like:The weapon choices were not very well thought through. There is zero diversity. I feel like the developers made the first gun in each class, copied and pasted that gun like 4 times, and then made minor changes to the model so that we would subconsciously think each gun is substantially different one from another... yeah no.The only other major thing that I didn't like was how simple the campaign was. The MW series kept things original with ongoing plot introductions and changes. This game was way too dry. Also, if you are going to have the game be space themed, you cannot have humans be the sole race involved in the action. Adding aliens adds weapon and vehicle diversity. At least in previous COD releases (that were earth based), the weapons and vehicles were at least a little bit familiar. Throwing all of these new weapon names at us without a sufficient amount of personality with said weapons results in bleh. To give you an example, the Needler from Halo. It is alien but is different in its own way. Another example is the MSR from MW3. That gun was my best friend for many many months because it had the kind of personality that allowed you to open up to it and unlock its full potential.To sum it up, IW was a copy-paste of BO3 with more middle finger. 6/10GG"
,Not Recommended,292730,29172638,Posted: 10 January,all,Wolfe [13JTF],Terribad. Hardest part of the game was the lobby waiting.
76561198274757583,Not Recommended,292730,28700215,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pongoslice,Another dull cod game ghosts is better than this. The boost jump should of stopped at advanced warfare. The campaign is similar to bo3. In the first misson you are trying to escsape enemy soilders but you fail and get your face smashed in. In the first mission of bo3 you are trying to escape enemies but get killed by a robot tearing your limbs off. Its getting very repetive and boring but who cares about the campaign right? Multiplayer is just the same as the last cods. Zombies is a very fun time burner that never really gets old best zombie map in a while.
,Recommended,292730,26467856,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,galstie,"This was my second COD game and from my opinion, the detail is very good, good frames and good story line. I think that the multiplayer is also good in my opinion BUT once again I have only 2 COD games so this is good in my opinion. Nice game"
76561198228458432,Recommended,292730,28792160,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Secret,"This is the first Call of Duty game I have ever played and i really enjoyed it.  I don't perfer shooters like this but I had to try it because I love sci-fi/space.  My biggest problem with this game is that the campaign was too short, there were only like four main missions.  They were really long though, especially the last one.  The whole campaing took about 16 hours to complete.  Another issue is that you are the captian of this massive star ship but there are like only four rooms you can freely go to.  You can go to a few others but only at the start of a mission.  The developers nailed the Sci-fi/space theme in this game.  Each planet and moon that you visited was unique and awesome to look at.  The controls for the Jackals were perfect, you never feel disorientated while flying around, there were two buttons that I wanted to rebind though, but I didn't know what they were called so I couldn't, they werent essential though (3 and 4 for rolling).  A few of the human controls were awkward, but just a few keybind changes and it was fine.Pros:Amazing sci-fi/space themeGreat Jackal controlsAmazing sci-fi/space themeGreat graphicsCool charactersOh, did I mention amazing sci-fi/space theme?Cons:Short campaignSlightly awkward keybinds"
,Not Recommended,292730,30167313,Posted: 25 February,all,DoDaDerk,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everytime I open it it crashes.
76561198142346046,Not Recommended,292730,30167477,Posted: 25 February,all,michaelmagic,just horrible !
,Not Recommended,292730,30156561,Posted: 24 February,all,B-Team | ScrewFearMe,Why make this game free on steam when you cant even play it due to errors?
76561198009463887,Not Recommended,292730,30164833,Posted: 25 February,all,DingoHawk,"first game had aimbot on the other team, uninstall all of these GB real quick"
,Not Recommended,292730,30166864,Posted: 25 February,all,144hz Master,"Welcome to CAPPED Warfare, where the year is 2010, there were no 144hz monitors and games shipped with a capped framerate and no uncap option.If you want to go back in time and reduce your gaming experience, go ahead and buy this game, and you will get the experience of aging before it's even was new enough.I would rather progress to year 2017 with 240hz monitor."
,Not Recommended,292730,30139193,Posted: 24 February,all,Niels,"♥♥♥♥♥game. The menu's are awful, the chirpy sound effects are even more terrible, it takes ages to get into a lobby and the create a class is just bad. The maps are fair, not too great, not too bad. Unfortunately it is not boots on the ground so this game sucked from the beginning."
,Not Recommended,292730,30138738,Posted: 24 February,all,Acru,don't even think about it!
,Not Recommended,292730,30139620,Posted: 24 February,all,puddlejumper6999,free weekend... sure to have it downloaded and to make it think it will let you play. 9 hours of trying to find a server and no body is playing. 1 match and as soon as we enter a match the connection ♥♥♥♥♥ out and everyone kets kicked... terrible....
76561198126758986,Not Recommended,292730,30139644,Posted: 24 February,all,el-chupakabra,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥full of bags
,Not Recommended,292730,30139782,Posted: 24 February,all,Careless Waifu,Downloading the game was more fun than playing.
76561198036144752,Not Recommended,292730,30139917,Posted: 24 February,all,Maf!a,0/10  Flying ppls shooting Lead...
76561198063543830,Not Recommended,292730,30145176,Posted: 24 February,all,Old Oligarch,Don't buy this game. Buy an earlier COD
,Not Recommended,292730,30145400,Posted: 24 February,all,Ray1187,"Waste of time - I couldn't even connect to any game servers in multiplayer.Yes the graphics are decent (I had to watch gameplay of this game), but the gameplay is not.I am not buying the full version because from the multiplayer it is extremely buggy and ♥♥♥♥ing terribleIt's like they are TRYING to kill Call of Duty.I don't know what they are thinking but activision has sure gone down far deep in terms of quality.I'm actually wasting my time writing this review but i want people to know that it is not worth the price.DO NOT BUY, It's like throwing money out the window."
76561198167233413,Not Recommended,292730,30145428,Posted: 24 February,all,Graceful Shilouette,Silly demo
,Not Recommended,292730,30145441,Posted: 24 February,all,DeadlineV,Another CoD.
,Not Recommended,292730,30144873,Posted: 24 February,all,Jakephlosion,Children in Africa wouldn't even play this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30144959,Posted: 24 February,all,JOSESDF,> Free weekend> Can't find a match> Crashes> Freezes PC
76561198129353562,Recommended,292730,30144975,Posted: 24 February,all,Nolan,"At this poin, im not sure WHAT to rate this game... I like it, but I don't like it; This game has a decent amount of action, but lackes the sequrity that is anti-cheat (which I would not invest in an anti-cheat if my game was not good, but their are plenty of free games that do allow anti-cheat) their are WAY to many hackers... In terms of the future stuff, this game does dial back sorta on the exo jumping and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but not too much... You find plentry of people boots on the ground. Sliding in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing OP, people are sliding all over the place! And shotguns are pretty OP aswell."
,Not Recommended,292730,30144448,Posted: 24 February,all,UsernamesMeh™,o Downloads 60GB gameo Tries to play singleplayero Don't own content on free weekendo Expects you to purchase ito Deletes it insteadLol ♥♥♥♥ you activision.PS - I know it says multiplayer but for real.. no one buys COD for multiplayer.. you buy Battlefield for multiplayer.
76561198319740463,Not Recommended,292730,30144546,Posted: 24 February,all,Harmonator,shocking
76561198108079912,Not Recommended,292730,30165978,Posted: 25 February,all,johnny csgoroll.com hellcase.com,worst game ever!!!!
76561197979555752,Not Recommended,292730,30166009,Posted: 25 February,all,Bartok,"I just wanted to try out the campaign on the ""free weekend""... Met with: ""You do not own this content"" (sigh)."
,Not Recommended,292730,30187997,Posted: 25 February,all,Gr3mlin,"Downloaded game for free weekend, finding match ... 15 minutes later still finding match WTF? Could not play even one match."
,Not Recommended,292730,30178289,Posted: 25 February,all,MashedPotatoes,"I have played 4 different COD free weekends through the years. They have learned NOTHING!*Me and my buddy were not able to create a party due to constant errors and problems with the game.*The game crashed 3 times until I finally reached the Join public match section - pathetic.*I deliberately chose medium settings even though my PC is capable of handling high quality with good FPS. The game stuttered like crazy and made the gameplay awful - constant dips from 90fps to 40fps.*The map I played is a generic, small, dull, boring thing.*The sound mixing is done by a group of monkeys. The gun sounds are quite louder than anything else by default. After adjusting them, the gun sounds from kill cameras are EVEN LOUDER - braindead sound mixing people.*The graphic settings are awful to navigate. Have to go through 4 sections, then back 2 sections, forward 2 - change 1 setting - restart the game to even continue after changing 1 parameter, GET THE HELL OUT WITH THIS SH**!I can see why this have such negative reviews - because it fails even at the starting lane and is done so annoyingly poorly!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30190483,Posted: 26 February,all,😞 Yung Christ | الله أك,"Thought i should give it a shot but, every time i try to join a match it fails. Uuuum 0/8 not good r8ing uninstall dont recommend skip this game"
,Not Recommended,292730,30189755,Posted: 26 February,all,Amadeus The Wallet Inspector,lol cant even get into a game beefore it says connection lost to host
,Not Recommended,292730,30190848,Posted: 26 February,all,sharmands,Thanks for this oportunity to see that I don't want to play or spend my money on this c*!@#$%?y game. (^_^)Rly. You found the worst game to show on free weekend.
,Not Recommended,292730,30145934,Posted: 24 February,all,Jack Me Out from MDC,I need to change my name into less than 15 character to play online multiplayer.10/Infinite would play on free weekend again!
,Not Recommended,292730,30190110,Posted: 26 February,all,◢◤TyNotTie◢◤,it's so bad you have to buy it to get the good game COD this is pathetic
76561198116071316,Not Recommended,292730,30190238,Posted: 26 February,all,My elbows are double jointed,"The mute option retreated when I moved my mouse from the person who was reading the bible over the microphone. I had to mash the over arrow and enter key while holding left click. It took a few tries but eventually he shut up. Oh would you look at that this game does alot of the things black ops 3 did but worse. Is the community over paying for maps as downloadable content? My feeling is that yes, we are; this is the earliest I've ever seen a cod game go on sale. Heck in the past they wouldnt go on sale untill halfway through the life of its successor. I think after years of beating a dead horse, the river has run dry. 60$ was alot to shell out for a brand new game, but your paying to be part of the multiplayer experience as the meta is formed and if you wanted to have fun with the game three months after release you needed a 60 dollar season pass expansion. 120$ is more than half the standard cost for a current gen console. I haven't researched prices for xbox1 or ps4 because it was cheaper to build a powerfull machine, but I would assume they will be 200$ like the rest of thier ancestors. I got a little side tracked because season pass games are a terrible business model but that doesnt change the fact that: this game isn't worth 0$. What happened to the gaming industry? there used to be years that I was happy to spend 60$ on most of the release titles, now I'm lucky to find one worth buying a year. It's as if they don't use quality assurance or play testers anymore. However, they shovel on incomplete flawwed garbage and instead of rekindling the flame it gets effectively snuffed out instead. Back to playing decade old games"
,Not Recommended,292730,30190320,Posted: 26 February,all,ToBOrNotToB,"Tried to play the game during the free Weekend. Couldnt even ""connect"" to a custom match against bots because the connection to the host failed.Great game..."
76561198081586155,Not Recommended,292730,30181176,Posted: 25 February,all,TeZihh h1z1swap.com,battlefield and chillthis game sucks
,Not Recommended,292730,30169153,Posted: 25 February,all,Panda Savage,GAME IS A WASTE OF MONEY DONT EVEN LOOK AT THIS JUNK!
,Not Recommended,292730,30181450,Posted: 25 February,all,Licensed_Gopnik,same old
76561198134915469,Not Recommended,292730,30169529,Posted: 25 February,all,Billy,Hey I got this game for free for the free weekend.
76561198201532711,Not Recommended,292730,30169562,Posted: 25 February,all,Cameron ツ,First time opened it made my laptop go blue screen and messed it up. Well done Infinity Ward you've really screwed up this one.
,Not Recommended,292730,30166146,Posted: 25 February,all,suN,"Oh cool, another epic ""FREE WEEKEND!"" """"""gift"""""" from infinity war- Whoops, except It isn't really a free weekend as they have (yet again) locked most of the content & gameplay with the reason that, and I quote ""You do not own this product"". It's a glorified, temporary demo which means I just downloaded 50 gb of the typical wasted potential that is the call of duty series to leave a negative review so you don't have to follow in my footsteps.You cant even properly set up the Videosettings so with a lower graphiccard you have to suffer at 30fps on max resolution..It fails to connect to host...This FREEWEEKEND is a joke...The funny part aswell is that if you want to exit the game,it is asking you , ""DO YOU REALLY WANT TO QUIT?""not exit ...quit .. :D so funnyYou're welcome!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30169771,Posted: 25 February,all,߷ The Cummies Master ߷,Connection to the host has been lost or some burgundia ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198002188222,Not Recommended,292730,30170431,Posted: 25 February,all,donfredek,"You want money for this game? ""Great"" presentation!!! Waiting for a match and getting always kicked shortly before match start, isnt the best way to advertise this game. I dont waste my time to try out a bugy game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30170442,Posted: 25 February,all,Weirdooo,"I downloaded this game because of the free weekend and i wanted to play with ONLY the multiplayer beacuse the rest of the content was locked...So started a public search in deathmatch...then the game crashed so I started a domination search. The game show me up a message that says :""Disconnected due to transmission error"" and then crashed . Every time I started searching for a multiplayer match it crashed . So I dont recommend this game at all."
,Not Recommended,292730,30181593,Posted: 25 February,all,KappaCentauri,"""Free Weekend"" basically means ""Free to play multiplayer but force you to buy it to play any other part of the gigs of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you just downloaded""I agree with most of the negative reviews, this is a heaping pile of crap IW pushed out just to try to juice their sales. Way to run your company into the ground :) have fun losing investors and going bankrupt. Good riddance."
,Not Recommended,292730,30182084,Posted: 25 February,all,Morwanneg,Call of Future: Infinite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561197985761022,Not Recommended,292730,30182224,Posted: 25 February,all,nitramrl,Wont run says I need to purchase first
,Not Recommended,292730,30180966,Posted: 25 February,all,Wanutibit,Not even worth it for free.
,Not Recommended,292730,30197830,Posted: 26 February,all,MegaManx3,"The game is Horrible, there is no balance between weapons(Just Use a SMG), the community only plays Team Deathmacth, The graphics are ok(The Skyboxes are amazing!), and it uses P2P Connection, so expect a lot of lag.I only played on the free weekend i don't recomend the game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30197831,Posted: 26 February,all,Mitko0111,I don't like it
,Not Recommended,292730,30197858,Posted: 26 February,all,BakedBeansOnToast,Lol
,Not Recommended,292730,30198005,Posted: 26 February,all,Junior Jr.,"Yeah, this game is bad. M'kay?"
76561197991152270,Not Recommended,292730,30166530,Posted: 25 February,all,Vivaliant,"Another multiplayer game, where you will be instant killed by some aimbot lieblings of mama, who use aimbot and boosts, because otherwise they will cry on their pillow after being shot death from professionals. Of course, they will claim, that YOU are the noob.If below issues will be solved, some people will like it, but currently, it is ****, and the price for it is ridiculous.It also steals ideas from Titanfall. Same soldier looks like TF pilots and small robots, same jumps, similar design. They also have RIG, like Dead Space, although it can 'save your life' (according to your badass boss), it is worth nothing. You die from 1-2 pistol shots, so you can equally go out in hawaii shirts.Start:1. Download 50 Gb.2. Wait 30 mins for Microsoft VC♥♥♥♥♥♥to install.3. Wait 30 mins for shaders to load.4. You cannot play campaign or zombies.5. You try the only option: multiplayer..6. This option needs to restart.7. VC redist package installing again.8. You reset options, game crashes.9. VC redist installing again10. In lobby, waiting for 9 more players...11. After a while, finally playing: dying in 2 secs.12. Game crushes after 1 minute of gameplay.Should I continue?Others:Stablity: constant crashes after every 1-2 rounds.Connectivity: I would rather say disconnectivity. Disconnects every 1-2 rounds.Graphics: I like it, also the colors.Maps: good variety, but not enough strategy options.Game modes: good variety, but a lot of empty game modes.Multiplayer in overall: few players, quite empty, some cheaters, almost no communication between players. Nobody teaches you the gadgets (maybe you learn it in single player, but that is closed for free weekend). The dynamic is good.Gameplay: dynamic, can be good with friends.Overall: a joke with okay graphics. I am very said, because it had great prospects. How many times did you hear this? :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,30196009,Posted: 26 February,all,TheDevilIsNotMe,Bad Black Ops 3 100% better than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one
76561198039179358,Not Recommended,292730,30196071,Posted: 26 February,all,Boomber7,This is worst sh*t. Even FREE weekend is not full. Waste of time.
76561198014515749,Not Recommended,292730,30196073,Posted: 26 February,all,Zoulgrim,"What a load of crap!!!!!! free weekend but what is the point? I searched for an online game as not zombies or single is available. I found like 2 players, so i went to take a shower, came back still no players, went to the shop, came back, still no players, went to read my book for an hour, still no players. TAKE IT THIS IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME WHEN YOU CANT EVEN FIND PLAYERS ON FREE WEEKEND"
76561198163036341,Not Recommended,292730,30197562,Posted: 26 February,all,Samojr,ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,30192025,Posted: 26 February,all,Hybrid,"Played the free weekend, spent most of my time in a game lobby cuz it wouldnt start, cant even play zombies or campaign instead, Do not recommend"
76561198073911189,Not Recommended,292730,30192216,Posted: 26 February,all,Skygamingc,"I Dont like this game coz they didnt add split screen,the maps are bad and theres no nuketown! the weapons are horrible zombies in space land WORST MAP IN GAME why dont put this for free activision put bo3 for free for a coupe of hours u can do better!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30195145,Posted: 26 February,all,Airez,"I downloaded it on the free weekend, The game is locked of so you try out the campaign to get a feel for the game or tune settings.  I got to jump straigt into the online game and start looking through the setting for lowering the mouse ect, all while having some random player complaining about all the damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the game.This did not convince me to play or play Call of Duty."
,Not Recommended,292730,30195400,Posted: 26 February,all,WE_ARE_ONE,"Hi I bought this game yesterday, but due to incompatibility with dual-core processors can not play games and I run a few minutes later in the menu Freeze Please report this problem to be fixed"
76561198017990293,Not Recommended,292730,30195413,Posted: 26 February,all,BlackMamba,Worst CoD i´ve ever played
,Not Recommended,292730,30195462,Posted: 26 February,all,Pleskrep,"Tried it out during the free weekend. All I can say is that Call of Duty has really lost its touch. What was formerly one of the best FPS games out there in gameplay and story has now been reduced to a annual cadence of recycled material. This game offers little from its predecessor, Black Ops III. It's very similar and really, doesn't justify the price of a full title. Speaking of the titles, the Modern Warfare Remastered is a separate purchase you need to make only after you have already bought Infinite Warfare. You can't buy Infinite Warfare standalone.Honestly speaking, I think these games nowadays aren't really what they used to be anymore. What used to be masterpieces of entertainment and art, has beed reduced to money making mules. People have to pay full price for the same thing in a different look every year. I don't know about you, but that seems like a really silly thing. Activision is pretty much just looking into bringing in profits, and not really into actually making something which many people will enjoy.Modern Warfare 2 gave me so many fond memories. Seeing the franchise deteriorate into such a state really feels like a stab right through the heart."
76561198013347117,Not Recommended,292730,30163055,Posted: 25 February,all,Hovenko,I liked the Raven logo when game was starting.
,Not Recommended,292730,30211881,Posted: 26 February,all,Recovering Lyrium Addict,"Got this for free weekend.  Could only play multiplayer.I legitimately could not connect to a match because my ♥♥♥♥ing name was too long.  I have never had this problem in any other game.  Do I need to say any ♥♥♥♥ing more?♥♥♥♥ it, I'll say one last thing.  The gunplay feels terrible.  I have played most Call of Duty games and I have never had a real problem with the feel of any of the guns or movement.  I liked Black Ops 3 a lot before Activision started pushing Supply Drops HARD in that game.  I liked the movement system.  But in this game♥♥♥♥♥♥just feels floaty.  Very off, odd.  I cannot explain why.I really wanted to like this too.  I really really did.  Sci-fi shooters make my♥♥♥♥♥♥erect.  But this game just sucks."
76561198206821211,Not Recommended,292730,30167766,Posted: 25 February,all,ARENA FRAGGER,God Zo SlechtLekker Voor Ze
,Not Recommended,292730,30167769,Posted: 25 February,all,5ryhdgfters,Gets boring after 30 minutes
,Not Recommended,292730,30167748,Posted: 25 February,all,DaRock™ | 360 with DaWrist Boi,wait free weekend? downloaded 40 gb and can't play multiplayer? marketing failure?
76561197993880088,Not Recommended,292730,30168026,Posted: 25 February,all,DesertFox,"[Free Weekend] Fist impressions:Out of 9 games I tried in multiplayer, I managed to get in to two of them. 4 times the game outright crashed in the menu screens or refused connection when searching for public match. Two times the game got to a loading screen and then froze and lastly, first time I got in to a game, it lasted 20 seconds before a crash. The longest was almost five minutes, just when we were actually winning and I got in the flow of things and the game crashed. (Noted, started the game around 35fps, one death and it jumped to stable 65. Dunno what was that all about.)Not to mention that the matchmaking system is out of whack by a country mile.So in conclusion, in my own experience this has been complete disaster. It even made me laugh how badly the matchmaking, optimization and overall experience was. The little taste of gameplay I got was good, but the price (even discounted) would still feel like a ripoff for the experience I got."
,Not Recommended,292730,30168046,Posted: 25 February,all,AzZaMaTr0n,A pile of crap. get BF1 instead :D
,Recommended,292730,30138929,Posted: 24 February,all,XXX-MAKEOUTHILL,"To be completly honest this game is not that bad i would never pay full price for this game, but you can get it for around $17 on♥♥♥♥♥and its worth it i mean it runs smooth if your pc can handle it the fov looks great except for sniper scopes and sniping is wretched, but all in all this game is not great nor terrible its a game to get if you can get it cheap... but not a game you would want to pay full price for :) cheers"
,Not Recommended,292730,30171733,Posted: 25 February,all,Michael Edward,I Waste my money DO NOT BUY IT
,Not Recommended,292730,30171809,Posted: 25 February,all,nͫiͤcͫeͤ,It doesn't load. It crashes every time I try to start.I was going to buy this. I'm glad I had a free weekend to change my mind.
,Not Recommended,292730,30171933,Posted: 25 February,all,Prezes Dave,How can I check this game if only intel hd graphics works??!!RIP
,Not Recommended,292730,30171985,Posted: 25 February,all,yoitszombieac,Played this on console and it was bad already
76561198352233224,Not Recommended,292730,30172133,Posted: 25 February,all,XxO3_T4xX,when i still 20 hours to download ittell me....:-you must purchase itwhat this?okay why steam tell us it's free or (play it now for free)
,Not Recommended,292730,30172220,Posted: 25 February,all,angeliscool2000,this game was just crap dont buy it
,Not Recommended,292730,30172259,Posted: 25 February,all,LaZYTaRGeT,It is amazing how they can consistently ruin the game for each itteration.... and its a much amazing as saddening that they can still make so much money of it.
,Not Recommended,292730,30177207,Posted: 25 February,all,emirolgun,Wasted 40 gb to see the menu of this game.
,Not Recommended,292730,30177671,Posted: 25 February,all,Oscarius,"Runs like garbage, looks like garbage... and well we cant really judge the game on this free weekend cuz they blocked most of the content -__-"
,Recommended,292730,30177710,Posted: 25 February,all,Nick Lisping,"Важно!! Обзор только на мультиплеер, так как в одиночную игру я не играл. !! Важно кончилось, можете дальше не читать.Графика хороша.Саундтрек эпичен, хоть и абсолютно не запоминающийся.Геймплей довольно драйвовый и весёлый, с модными нынче рокет-джампами, паркуром,роботами, в которых можно влезть и крушить всё на своём пути(Кхм-кхм. TitanFall!!11!), но из-за дисбаланса в массовом бою от этого просто не получаешь удовольствия, так как едва ты успеешь сделать что-то из списка, как тебя убъют, и не спасает от этого даже авто-регенерация. Так что либо донат, либо про-скилл, либо идите в БатлФилд.6.5 из 10P.S. Готовтесь ждать предзагрузки шейдеров лет эдак 10."
76561198142818789,Recommended,292730,30177730,Posted: 25 February,all,OWN Pyro,"I try only multiplayer, but i think this game is good.This is I want say"
,Not Recommended,292730,30178008,Posted: 25 February,all,Venge,"This game sucks.I couldn't play a single match in multiplayer because I kept getting stuck in the matchmaking screen. I tried playing a custom game by myself with bots, but it wouldn't load, and I'd end up crashing.Because of this, I cannot even make a proper review of the game's content (multiplayer wise) and therefore I won't recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,292730,30175455,Posted: 25 February,all,cole pribble,its not very good im warning you
,Not Recommended,292730,30180474,Posted: 25 February,all,PEEK,"This game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY CALL OF DUTY's, and if u do, kill yourself after you do it."
76561198063976352,Not Recommended,292730,30175534,Posted: 25 February,all,Arni_fiskimann,Doesnt let me in a match it just crashes
,Not Recommended,292730,30177313,Posted: 25 February,all,Hannah Mare,"Free weekend.>15 fps in the main menu, with a GTX 1060 6GB????>Can't even connect to any servers.>Multiplayer only, but you still have to download 50gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,292730,30166134,Posted: 25 February,all,"✪""TheTruPPer""ヅ",U CANT EVEN PLAY MULTIPLAYER STUPID  DEAL HAHHA STEAM FAIL!!!
76561198052853208,Not Recommended,292730,30166074,Posted: 25 February,all,ThatRedGuy,The worst game on the market.PROS+Good CampaignCONS-TOO MANY COPIES OF REAL LIFE THINGS-TOO MANY MICRO-TRANSACTIONS-TOO MANY BUGS-TOO FEW CONTENT-TOO FEW PLAYERS-TOO MANY RIPOFFS-TOO LONG WAITING TIMESThat pretty much sums this up.
,Not Recommended,292730,30166426,Posted: 25 February,all,Eskeetit The Pump God,Terrible Laggy Trash.
76561198119480283,Not Recommended,292730,30166468,Posted: 25 February,all,Osama Bin Daddy,shitiest game ever a lot of hackers wont buy cod games ever again
,Not Recommended,292730,30176662,Posted: 25 February,all,[RO]Edge,"Although my reflexes are good for BF1 and MW3 i have no way of keeping up with the fast paced chaos that is the Multiplayer of this game, I loved the COD series so much i had money saved just to buy this game. I now have played the Multiplayer for free and i do not feel that they made a better COD AW but they just made an exquisite failure with too many gun customization options and too far from the formula COD set with MW2 and MW3, althogh again i have all of them so i have played all of them, and enjoyed some, now they just went to ALL PRO for me. If you are not a Pro there is no way you can enjoy a FFA.Good luck with future releases, i understand you want and need to move away from that old formula, but trying to heat up a steak does not a steak make. You tried to go digital keeping the pickup header to read USBs.I still love the company but i will say no to this game, sorry!All the best in the future!"
76561198261104636,Not Recommended,292730,30176827,Posted: 25 February,all,I know you saved me,"the combination of being futuristic, pay2win, and the lack of trust has lead to the death of call of duty. unlike many, i personally did not mind the futuristic style of the game (very similar to black ops 3). HOWEVER, the pay2win and lack of trust part is why i did not buy this game. putting weapons in supply drops creates an unfair advantage for those with time and money. infinityward says that they take balancing very seriously but how can a game be balance if one player has access to a certain gun, while the others may not? and lets be honest here, no FPS in the history of mankind has balanced guns. as long as they have varying stats, one gun will, overall, be better than the other. and finally. my lack of trust. back in 2013, i spent 60 dollars on call of duty ghost being optimistic about competitive esports as they promised in the game reveal. what did i get? no competitive playlist, glitches that made it impossible to win a game, and a ton of humongous maps while they keep advertising the DLCs as ""small to medium sized maps"". yeah, their only objective of the game was to take our money. this left a bitter taste in my mouth that i can still taste. YUK. overall, this game is 2/10 stars. is on par with cod ghost. do not buy. dead lobbies. pay2win. not fun."
76561198198446795,Not Recommended,292730,30174925,Posted: 25 February,all,Rob,Free weekend!? Well you cant pass up free right? ...i should have passed up free.
76561198076031370,Not Recommended,292730,30174980,Posted: 25 February,all,YXER,"This game does not run well and if you are lucky enough to get into a game, the game will crash. Buy a good game like WaW or CSGO. This is the worst COD game to date. We want boots on the ground."
76561198067614483,Not Recommended,292730,30175582,Posted: 25 February,all,Wojak,"sheetty optimizationfps drops/visual lag (which make inconsistent aiming even with mouse acceleration off) with 390 8GB, 16GB ram and i7 4970kalso one of the most annoying bugs is that randomly in the middle of a firefight keys ""unpress virually"" so i can't, for example, keep stafing or walking and i have to press again the key witch is distracting and a disadvantage in the gameblops 3 plays so good and smooth in comparisson"
76561197963904733,Not Recommended,292730,30166211,Posted: 25 February,all,Reaperman,"Start, black screen with audio, it picked wierd resolution for full screen, why? are the programmers that bad!, can only play windowed borderless...terrible multiplayer, run around get shot in back, rinse and repeat...MWR no proper servers, match making sucks.6v6 lol (forget the 8v8war no one plays).original supports 16v16 (extended ones even have 24v24).save your money, buy the original cod4, add mod ♥♥♥♥♥ for extra servers and you can see why the original is still played it beats this garbage.."
76561198103652235,Not Recommended,292730,30175955,Posted: 25 February,all,Deadpool,"Personally, this is the worst Call of Duty (Multiplayer) I have played to date."
,Not Recommended,292730,30175963,Posted: 25 February,all,🎃SpookyWitch💀,this is why we cant have nice things
76561198072492427,Not Recommended,292730,30171745,Posted: 25 February,all,Prowler,"I guess after creating No man's sky, He is working as the marketing manager for this game.R.I.P. COD you won't be missed."
,Not Recommended,292730,30173263,Posted: 25 February,all,RapTure,Game is literal trash. I wasted my time even just downloading it.
,Not Recommended,292730,30173431,Posted: 25 February,all,Procedural generation,"LOADED FOR BILION OF HOURS, THEN LOADED AGAIN, it works, but for the 9 minutes I lost, you will get this review... have fun activision"
,Not Recommended,292730,30175034,Posted: 25 February,all,C.C ViBritannia,Came up with this in 3 years. Boy...
,Not Recommended,292730,30175099,Posted: 25 February,all,Blacksheep-25,"So much for free weekend, can't access anything because I ""don't own the game""."
76561198093350955,Not Recommended,292730,30175198,Posted: 25 February,all,MrKrabsKrustyCrustaceanCock,"Terrible game, got it for free for the weekend but haven't been able to play a single game due to errors. The main menu has given me better gameplay."
76561198057550227,Not Recommended,292730,30175231,Posted: 25 February,all,TerrorDactyl,"I feel like pressing the ""No"" button for recommending this game is not enough to say ""This game is awful.""I only play Multiplayer, and thats how I've been ever since MW3. I've played about every single COD since MW2, And I think I can safely say, that Infinite Warfare is by far, the absolute worst COD. It's basically a Black ops 3 clone, just with WAY more lasers, and being in space. The amount of hackers I've run into playing multiplayer, and I've played about 5 matches. It is absolutely horrible, do NOT buy this. If I could get the 2 and a half hours back from installing this game, I so absolutely would."
76561198241111782,Not Recommended,292730,30175454,Posted: 25 February,all,Ćaćinator,"After one day of downloading, after 15 minutes of preloading and finally not able to play campaing but multiplayer, I deleted the game..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30176035,Posted: 25 February,all,Turtle.,"No matter how good the game would be, if games start at 2v5, then there's something's wrong with its basic functionality. I tried to like it, but this + noobtoobs + 'floaty' gameplay when over half of smg gunfights depend on who flies better is just stupid.To the devs - fix. The damn. Connectivirty. Issues. My friend even gets kicked out of his own custom game at start. Like what the f*ck."
76561198161720990,Not Recommended,292730,30176105,Posted: 25 February,all,OwlzRulz,"This game is terrible, good-ish graphics, lag, and if you play it on free weekends YOU DONT GET CRAP!"
76561198169345796,Not Recommended,292730,30176224,Posted: 25 February,all,HotWheelsBoy2005,"This game is an ""Ok"" game. Everyone is bashing on it giving it hate, Now I can see why there is hate. Everyone wanted a boots on the ground game. Then again people like me like where the Call Of Duty Franchise is going. Now I wouldn't recommend this game mainly because the game is expensive. Has very little content, and it is close to impossible to get decent FPS unless your running off a decent computer. I would advise you save your money and buy a classic like Black Ops or Modern Warfare. If you already own Black Ops III, and enjoy it this game is for you seeing how similar they are in playstyle."
76561197962075968,Not Recommended,292730,30176498,Posted: 25 February,all,chaos,"i can keep over 140 stable FPS with my rig on max settings, this game still looks choppy"
76561198326223210,Recommended,292730,30204391,Posted: 26 February,all,NoHaxJustPro9,"Runs fairly well on a non gaming computer, kind of a grinding game but still. Works better on the XboxOne, but im using a non gaming computer so what do you expect? Getting it for free with the limited time offer only gives you access to multiplayer, no zombies, no singleplayer. I decided that I will wait until the price goes down, this is a fun game, just lots of grinding to get o the higher levels though."
76561197979367038,Recommended,292730,30204446,Posted: 26 February,all,David S. Pumpkins,"Jesus christ reviewers like to complain. Infinite Warfare is a fun shooter with some non-linear elements in the single player campaign. Quit crying. If you like previous CoD games, science fiction, or FPSes in general, this game is worth your time."
,Recommended,292730,30206972,Posted: 26 February,all,2am_coffee,"I am going to write a review based on my experience with the PS4 version. Basically this game does have a lot of negative reviews but it's mostly surrounding the Campaign and Multiplayer. As for most COD games, this is rather the norm. My advice to any serious COD player is to just play the Zombies mode, which in my honest opinion offers far more value than the Campaign and Multiplayer. Zombies is a whole other game in itself, and it should be played as a separate game entirely. If you play the Zombies in Spaceland, and Rave in the Redwoods, suddenly Infinite Warfare doesn't seem so bad. Guess why? Because it was ripped off from the Treyarch Games, that do so well in both gameplay, and revenue. So, basically it's from an entire developer entirely in terms of spirit and idea. Play Zombies, stick to zombies, fight against a common enemy, and you won't be disappointed. Playing COD for the campaign is like watching porn for the plot."
,Not Recommended,292730,30206022,Posted: 26 February,all,bloodyruben,the game is boring AF!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30206064,Posted: 26 February,all,(CoC) NOS4R2,"well thank ♥♥♥♥ for a free weekend,nothing about this game is appealing, same recycled weapons and call of dutys love for bugs, lag and crashs. Why build a beast of a pc if these co ck bags cant even optimize a game before release.you spend half your time trying to fix direct x issues and when you do get a game with its player peek of the day at 100 you get nothing but lag, the killsteaks are extreamly childishIf infinite failure hasnt killed the franchise i dont know what will..COD just needs to die"
76561198191541107,Not Recommended,292730,30206186,Posted: 26 February,all,kylefletcher820,"THis game has its good parts that are fun, but overall it sucks"
76561198346460408,Not Recommended,292730,30206214,Posted: 26 February,all,Pope Pius XII,i got this game for free thats one free wasted
76561197991661292,Not Recommended,292730,30206219,Posted: 26 February,all,Robbye_Kean,"Hmmm let's see: I got the chance to play this game during a Free Weekend; nonetheless, even a free take a this game would not make me spend more than 2 minutes in the game. Shame on Infinity Ward for not pushing the industry forward and teh lack of ingenuosity and acvtual ""development"" ... good on the gamers that actually refused to buy into yet another yearly ""DLC"".On a scale from 1 to 10; i would rathe the multiplayer with a 3.5. Have not played the campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,30204584,Posted: 26 February,all,Sendokami,LONG WAIT TIMES. Were talking I sat in a lobby for 10 minutes at one point. This is suposed to be a free weekend where itss flooded with players I sould not have to wait this long. On top of this the maps are small and the matches are small. 3v3? 6v6? What is this 1990? Jump jets were cool but I found they just ruined the experience.
76561198227323024,Recommended,292730,30204632,Posted: 26 February,all,UnkNowN,"I tried the Free Weekend of this game, but. A litttle disappointed... It's not that bad, but... I like it :3P.S I don't own this game (I don't have it in my library)"
76561198314502509,Not Recommended,292730,30204952,Posted: 26 February,all,PotaJo,"Oh WOW! a free call of duty?!?! Oh, wait no all you can do is custom which is boring af. SO... don't get it its just a waste of space and time."
,Not Recommended,292730,30204966,Posted: 26 February,all,Blanco Kid,did 343 industries buy infinty ward?
76561198017277340,Not Recommended,292730,30205714,Posted: 26 February,all,Sky™,Even free weekend is too much to pay :/
,Not Recommended,292730,30205738,Posted: 26 February,all,waterbottles,"Was trying to get into a game for 40 min and every single time (15+ times) it said ""Cannot connect to host"" or ""Lost connection to host"" right as the match was supposed to begin. 0/10 wouldnt not try free weekend again"
,Not Recommended,292730,30203046,Posted: 26 February,all,Aoki,"Thanks for the free weekend, oh wait, you've locked everything except the multiplayer. I get why you lock the campagin, but why zombies? Even if I'd get the game completely free, I'd not play it. Probably the worst game of the whole series."
,Not Recommended,292730,30203068,Posted: 26 February,all,Devilish Devil,"All ""86 minutes played"" were spent trying to find a match. trying. Zombies was behind a pay-wall. Great!"
76561198003792830,Recommended,292730,30203170,Posted: 26 February,all,Senov,"I love this game's campaign, and desperately want a follow-up. Awesome moments, great set-pieces, really pushes the right buttons for me as a sci-fi fan. Story isn't too deep, but it's focused, and serves its purpose."
,Not Recommended,292730,30200266,Posted: 26 February,all,Tessiere,"After installing the game I played through the game for  ashort while, same old same old, what I'm here to note on is the optimisation.After playing the game late into the night I turned off my PC and went to bed, this morning I tried to turn on my PC only to find that my PC wasn't recognising the HDD that Infinite Warfare was installed on. After hours of trying to fix it, even going so far as to open up my case and clean every component and rewire it all. My PC was only fixed through uninstalling this game. Apparently this cancerous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game was conflicting with my PC startup for some unknown reason, Also it weirld launches in windowed mode and requires a restart when you change settings.would not reccomend."
76561197964889281,Recommended,292730,30203411,Posted: 26 February,all,Beerios-Zipline,"Okay so I am going against the norm here but I really enjoyed this game. Heres what I liked about itA. Supply drop system, Yes I know I am the devil incarnate for liking this system but here me out first. What I like about it is the crafting system, it essentailly lets you make what you want from drops. While this doesnt include taunts or gestures or customizations for guns it does include the really important part of the drops, variants. You get to craft these in a sort of crafting tree, I crafted the Ripper after 4 hours of gameplay, not only this variants have some really interesting ablilites that actually change the whole guns behavior making it a whole new gun.B. Gameplay this is a bad and a good but ill get on the bad later. Atleast during my time on the game the enhanced movement felt fluid and easy to use. I could esailly boost around the map and outmanouver my target confusing them and letting me get an easy kill of course some people complain about this but when you are using the duelist class,which is just two G18s, its essentail to outmanouver a target or they will shoot and kill you before you even have a chance to hit them.C. Weapons, wow I love most of the weapons ive used so far. Some guns like the Reaver or NV4 really tick me off jsut because they are so boring in terms of gameplay. But other ones like the Type2 and the Banshee are really cool in my opinion. Example the Type2 is an assualt rifle that can convert into akimbo pistols for close range combat. This means I dont need two weapons for close quarters I can just use this one and focus on perks or attacments. It doesnt have too high of a damage while in pistol form but there is just something so cool about shooting lasers from dual pistols to me. The richochet on some of the laser guns with attachments makes it easier to take out campers in corners without jeopardising yourself.Now for the things I dont likeA. Guns, Alright like i said before some guns just really tick me off such as the NV4. The Reaver shot gun is essentailly the brecci from Black ops 3 literally almost a copy paste. The differences being it doesnt kill as consitantly as the brecci but it shoots much faster and can be a one hit from point blank unlike the brecci regardless of headshot or bodyshot. Varients that have a custom glowing camo, this really irks me A. Its ugly B. It gives you away if your trying to hide behind cover due to it glowing pretty brightly. And C its only available in supply drops which is stupid. The NV4 is dumb as well not only is it the first Assult rifle you get is nothing more than just a fullauto rilfe, no cool conversion mechanic, no cool attament, nothing new just a plain old assualt rifle. Consistanly kills in 4 hits but can kill in one headshot meaning if a level one sprays it at you your dead no matter what especially in close quaters due to its really tight spread. I found this especially annoying when using the Type2 as it doesnt kill as fast meaning I would either have to be lucky and ambush them or hope they had♥♥♥♥♥♥♥aim.B. Lag, its not as bad as people say it is, atleast for me, but it seems everytime someone joins or talks on the mic it lags the whole game which is stupid. Secondly if someon pulls out something like the steel dragon, the payload or specialist weapon for the merk class, it lags for some reason and if someone is shooting a very high rate of fire gun it lags. I dont know why this happens but it does and it sucks.C. People, alirght this isnt a game issue but people can be really salty on this game. Withen two hours I have 5 people ♥♥♥♥♥ about how i was using the Banshee, an pump action soundwave? shot gun that has a very high range drop off. Then I had people ♥♥♥♥♥ at me for using the Type 2 another realitvly hard to use gun due to its low damage output especially when in akimbo mode. Really its stupid to complain aobut someone for using a gun they like I didnt complain aobut people using the reaver or NV4 while I was playing and those guns really are annoying at timesAnyway thanks for reading I would perfer for people to not say im stupid for liking this game because lets face it like black ops 3 its a solid fun at times game its just not a good COD game if they want to keep making Cods like this name it something else and pass it off as a new game series and change things up a bit while giving COD back its good old boots on the ground feel thats my opinion anyway cheers."
76561198062381154,Not Recommended,292730,26439269,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,WonderousHippo,"OLD STUPID REVIEWCampaign- never done it yet lolMultiplayer- suprisingly like mw2 more than bo3 if you ask meZombies- ZombiesMWR- needs patch to fix the stuttering issues then will be GREAT AGAINNEW REVIEWMWR is stupid af and cod itself is as well... first the thing a lot of people care about MWR is broken on pc... it runs so terribly i stopped playing it after a week while on infinite warfare i get a steady 80 fps... the loading time in MWR can take up to 3 minutes somtimes if you dont have a solid state drive which is just stupid... the campaign i still have not completed the campaign on infite warfare because the sound cuts out constently and the game also stutters way more in the campaign making me want to pull my hair out... the next cod is going to suck too, even though its going to be boots on the ground heres the issue... it's not made by Treyarch... and every COD is going to have mp is going to be broken forever now because of the pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cases that have weapons in them.... EVEN  THE GAME THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A CLASSIC COD WTF... yes MWR the ""classic COD shooter"" has pay to win cases with weapons that werent in the original game... now zombies... zombies is alright but one problem... its not made by treyarch....yes i know this whole review is a rant but im too lazy to put together a review for somthing when i could be doing somthing else and no i am not even going to look back at everything i spelled incorrectly and all that cause .... im lazy"
76561198063936710,Recommended,292730,30151147,Posted: 24 February,all,I do renders or something.,Buy it now.
,Not Recommended,292730,30151164,Posted: 24 February,all,xPhost,This game is complete garbage.  Its time for this fanchise to die.
76561197976962845,Not Recommended,292730,30168463,Posted: 25 February,all,Arkannapolos,unable to play because game ♥♥♥♥ing freezes in the menu.
,Not Recommended,292730,30172328,Posted: 25 February,all,OG,crap
,Not Recommended,292730,30172387,Posted: 25 February,all,[HG] Link3588 [M]☭,Played for the free weekend were nothing was available and anything that was never could connect to the servers... But for some reason it still downloaded 50 GB of game..... Sad to see Call of Duty die like this but i guess it is about time when they make bad yearly releases like this.
,Not Recommended,292730,30172416,Posted: 25 February,all,Mark Corrigan,"This game isn't even worth the hard drive space it requires. After about an hour of constant restarts to try and get the game to work, I find out it is capped at 90fps regardless if you selected 144hz. DO NOT EVEN DOWNLOAD FOR FREE"
76561198092704879,Not Recommended,292730,30137880,Posted: 24 February,all,Jem,"-played BO3 and IW on console and it's literally the same thing as BO3 but different characters.-People saw space exploration and got mad.-They've done Boots on the ground and tried something new since people kept begging them to-People♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves and complained again yet they still buy it because they're missing some brain cells.Overall its a boring game and thats what makes it bad. Not space, not lasers, and not robots."
,Not Recommended,292730,30137920,Posted: 24 February,all,Jamal,"prolonged exposure to this game may lead to brain cancer and other diseases, stay away."
76561198144357757,Not Recommended,292730,30138019,Posted: 24 February,all,NEON PVNDA,"*PRE-LOADING SHADERS, PLEASE WAIT**AN UPDATE MUST RESTART THE GAME**PLEASE RESTART THE GAME TO APPLY GRAPHICS CHANGES**YOU DO NOT OWN THIS CONTENT. PLEASE PURCHASE IT FROM THE STEAM STORE**MULTIPLAYER, PLEASE SELECT YOUR WALLRUNNING ASSHAT ""WAR RIG""**DIRECTX HAS ENCOUNTERED AN UNRECOVERABLE ERROR. PLEASE CLOSE APPLICATION.*"
,Not Recommended,292730,30138146,Posted: 24 February,all,Mix,not worth buying cod has def moved to a console base game dont waste your money this franchise would have made a killing just on the remastered modern warfare alone if they sold it seperatley
,Not Recommended,292730,30145940,Posted: 24 February,all,Gripts,"I'd play the game for more than a few minutes if it weren't so poorly optimized. Maybe it's because im on a 144hz monitor, but the input lag is immense. When I started up multiplayer, the audio track was a good 30 seconds ahead of the video. I can only imagine how bad the actual game was.I'm glad i never bought this, but I'm disappointed in myself in the fact that I took up 40 gb of my hard drive."
76561198304858355,Not Recommended,292730,30131771,Posted: 23 February,all,TheRealSpongeBob,"THIS IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. ON A WEEKEND THAT ITS FREE, YOU DONT EVEN GET TO PLAY THE FULL GOD DAMN GAME!AND IF YOUR LUCKY LIKE ME, WHEN A GAME OF TEAM DEATHMATCH STARTS, IT ♥♥♥♥ING DISCONNECTS YOU FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON. All in all i give this game a 10/10 and would recomend it to all of my friends. HA, NOT THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST CALL OF DUTY EVER AND SHOULD BE TAKEN DOWN FOR IT BEING SO UNFRIENDLY TO THE CONSUMER. ♥♥♥♥ YOU INFINITY WARD YOUR BEST GAME WAS COD 4 MW, YOU SHOULD HAVE STOPPED WHEN YOU WERE GOOD. I WOULD GO AS FAR AS SAYING THAT GHOSTS WAS BETTER, AND THAT WAS A GOD AWFUL GAME. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.P.S. caps lock is intended"
76561198216000513,Not Recommended,292730,30146131,Posted: 24 February,all,Cypher99,"DO NOT BUY!!!!THIS GAME IS CAPPED AT 91 FPS IN 2017!! WHAT IN THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥ ? even my old r9 390 could max out better lookig games at 144fps. i have a gtx 1080 and my fans dot spin when i play this game. initially i thought it was broken turns out gpu is at 20 percent usage and fps is capped to 91 . what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. activision milking out a game engine from 2005 in quake so now pc players have no reason to even buy their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game whenn it doesnt even perform better as its meant to be. RANT OVER . I TRIED THIS GAME FOR FREE AND REGRET TRYING IT, I WISH I SPENT THAT TIME PLAYING OVERWATCH INSTEAD!! DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP FROM ACTIVISION, SIDE NOTE DONT BUY ANY GAME FROM UBISOFT EITHER. ESPECIALLY GHOST RECON WILD LANDS"
,Recommended,292730,30134997,Posted: 23 February,all,Mason777,for me is game look really good and i got a nidiva gtx 960m and the game runs good looks nice i had a little problem i was trying to play the game online it was say lost host connection i fix it by changing my user name 9 characters and it work for me
,Not Recommended,292730,30135114,Posted: 23 February,all,My Name Jeff,"Oh it's bad. It's REALLY bad. I've played free Call of Duty clones, that were ridiculously better than this. There is nothing new, or unique. It feels stiff, cold, and lifeless as Call of Duty has ever been. This game does not belong on PC either. It is an embarassment to the gaming comunity. Do not waste $60 on this."
76561198243054630,Not Recommended,292730,30134119,Posted: 23 February,all,Nathanael Greene,"This game is horrible, hurts my eyes in 4k ultra, movement makes me want to throw up, and instant death removes all challenge."
,Not Recommended,292730,30134129,Posted: 23 February,all,The Mark V,Campaign is OKMultiplayer is trashZombies is trashI regret my purchase.Although the main menu music is OK
76561198289793001,Not Recommended,292730,30134150,Posted: 23 February,all,NoobJitsu,It was a struggle playing two matches DO NOT BUY THIS WITHOUT HAVING STEAM  REFUNDS ON READY! imho not worth your money or time Dont beleive me try the free weekend it stinks
,Not Recommended,292730,30134163,Posted: 23 February,all,Nacho,Free weekend the game crashes on settings change
76561198330482054,Not Recommended,292730,30134202,Posted: 23 February,all,Duckman Drake,"Basically, been here done that. You could even call it Black Ops 2 Remastered Edition."
76561198124089073,Not Recommended,292730,30134216,Posted: 23 February,all,Government Services Tax,"GET A  free to play weekend ~wow~butWTF is thAT?@!""lost connection to host""????"
,Not Recommended,292730,30134288,Posted: 23 February,all,Uncle Pro,"Total trash. Game is broken and cannot start single player, zombies, or multiplayer."
76561198059582025,Not Recommended,292730,30133853,Posted: 23 February,all,Bloempje,"I gave it a try during a free weekend event, but wow, how deep this series has fallen.This game is not even 10% as good as Titanfall 2 which is an excellent alternative."
,Not Recommended,292730,30133854,Posted: 23 February,all,CaptainFiddleStick,i can't play zombies because i don't own it. I thought this was for me to try the game and its free weekend
76561198170887267,Not Recommended,292730,30133959,Posted: 23 February,all,andres_svf,"Would have been nice to know it was multiplayer only free weekend ... before dowloading, don't make my mistake"
,Not Recommended,292730,30133976,Posted: 23 February,all,Patrick05020,"They should just move this to an F2P model. The game wont enter Fullscreen, and this free for the weekend crap seems to only be for the campaign, what a bummer. This game also like to play ""Drop the framerate when doing nothing at all"" overall, ignoring that the game runs fine, this game sold horribly. F2P is what will save COD and this game if they dont go back to their roots."
,Not Recommended,292730,30135363,Posted: 23 February,all,MattyxVicious,"I played this game during the free weekends or wehat ever, i want money back for time wasted. I played ONE multiplayer match and its complete garbage.ONLY reason this game made ANY sales is because of the remaster. trust me DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!"
76561198137267249,Not Recommended,292730,30135477,Posted: 23 February,all,Araphat,This game suck
,Not Recommended,292730,30135547,Posted: 23 February,all,Major Jager,"Played during the free weekend, first match had 2 hackers. When I asked one why he was hacking he told me he wants to have fun while he can because after the free weekend he won't be able to find matches again."
76561198138034631,Not Recommended,292730,30135569,Posted: 23 February,all,kennyS,"♥♥♥♥♥game, capped fps, low fov, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ wasn't going to buy. I had to make sure it wasn't as bad as everyone says it was. Well it was worse!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30136152,Posted: 24 February,all,Belsifer,"tried it, first 5 minutes nothing but lag on a 200 mbs down 10 mbs up connection :l fps rate was horrible on a radeon r7 graphics card... 3.5 ghz proccessor.... just horrible game play, lay out and overal functionality. would never buy it and will not recommend this game! just terrible i pety cod for making this crap. it's a rip off of advanced warfare...."
,Not Recommended,292730,30136168,Posted: 24 February,all,PerryPlopper,"Its definitely strayed far enough from that classic CoD ""arcade shoot em'up"" style to say: This isn't Call of Duty anymore.I'll start with the pros:Decently satisfying weapons, most of the weapons sound like they could level a building, and feel like they would just rip anything to shreds that came into contact with themThere's a tonne of customisation, we're no longer just customising weapons, but suits and stuff too (not sure if this was in AW too I haven't played it)That's all I can think of for the pros...Onto the consOver complicated customisation with little to no clarity. It used to be the case that I got a gun, killed some people, and then unlocked an attatchement. Now it feels all over the place and I didn't even realise that I'd unlocked 4 attatchments for a weapon until I decided to change it and the game had the ""new"" notification.Movement... as smooth as it is to jump around like a ninja everywhere at super speed, it feels somewhat unfinished. Sometimes it feels like I'm just running around with very little control over where I'm going.Most guns sound the same. Almost as if they've recycled the sound files somewhere and just layered it slightly differently. Higher fire rate guns (like the ones that fire at 2000rpm) just sound straight up ridiculous.Connectivity. I had to try to connect at least 5 times every time that I loaded up the game. Not cool Activision.Weapons feel unbalanced. Especially the special perk weapons you obtain through points. It's like an extra score streak, and I really don't understand why the feature was ever added. There's a clear choice for which weapons to use (even after just an hour on the game it's very obvious).Health bars.Just...why?You die in 4-5 body shots...health bars really aren't necessary it's just a waste of a UI element.UI clarity, or there-lack-of. It's amazing to see how a simplistic shooter now has an over complicated UI yet has such little information simultaneously.Loot crates. Really? Of all things you decided to add in, you added micro-transactions? Come on guys I thought we were better than this...That about wraps it up, I definitely would not bother trying this game out if you're expecting anything less than small maps Titanfall 2. Makes me geniunely sad to see one of the franchises that was such a huge part of my childhood and a lot of other peoples childhood basically die. I doubt that this game would have sold if it didn't come with the promise of the Modern Warfare Remaster. Activision/IW/Treyarch need to sort their act out and really nail down a 'classic CoD' game if they expect the franchise to reach it's 15th anniversary with a stable player base."
76561198333352753,Recommended,292730,30135720,Posted: 23 February,all,Star Cola,"I downloaded the trial they're (were if I forget to edit this) running and I really enjoy it. From the getgo I was surprised a game from 2016 ran at a playable framerate and looking generally good without completely dying on my computer. Each map had something that gave it flavor. The maps range from mediocre to garenteed fun. The latter really shine. On one map where dead bodies stand upright making it a hesitant decision to shoot, while another could just be both pleasant from both a gameplay and aesthetic perspective. Overall, it's singleplayer tier maps in multiplayer. As for the gameplay, the action is really fast paced and reminds me of when I'd play Modern Warfare 2. There have been changes since then, like a jet/booster pack that's fun to mess around with and doesn't distract from the core. Overall a nice adition. There is, however, aditions I don't like. I'm not too fond of some aditions though. I didn't like the new wall run mechanic because it doesn't have much reason to exist than to look cool. There's also an Overwatch ultimate esque system where your rig (class) has an abiltiy that charges over time. These abilities range from extremely powerful to extremely situational (if not completely useless).  I'd rather my character is dictated by his primary wepon rather than something that was rarely used in my time playing. As much as I just complained at this game, I still want to purchase either this or the next game in the series and I have a large feeling I'll do at least one of those."
,Not Recommended,292730,30147676,Posted: 24 February,all,xypher-iwnl-,I want my free back!
,Not Recommended,292730,30159030,Posted: 24 February,all,Dat No Skill Fam,"Honestly, I thought it would be at least decent. Wasted time downloading and installing the game. Free weekend, should say ONLY MULTIPLAYER. Not even fun in the multiplayer. Shotguns = OP, which I dominated using one just as all the other players do. The controls are normal but the gameplay is stupid and terrible. Thanks for making a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30158975,Posted: 24 February,all,xX420BlazeitMalcolmXx,"I played this game ironicly on the free weekend. I went into this game expecting a bad game, but what i got was so much worse. No Audio, incompatible with wireless headsets, imense frame dips, and constant crashing means i cant even load into the game.0/10Get your refunds while you can, if you even bothered wasting your money on this dog♥♥♥♥♥♥company"
76561198095800899,Not Recommended,292730,30160551,Posted: 24 February,all,NeverSit,"Horribly, got the free weekend deal and i cant play campaign or zombies because it says that i dont have the product what a  ""free"" weekend. even in multiplayer it cant connect to online services. great."
76561198034159218,Not Recommended,292730,30160568,Posted: 24 February,all,TheArraigner,"Programmed in such a way to be incompatible with machines running Avast. If you disable all of Avast's protections, you can play the game, but it'll crash for a different reason. A supposedly modern game that REQUIRES anti-virus to be disabled, then continues to crash afterwards?It's better to spend the money on pizza."
,Not Recommended,292730,30160584,Posted: 24 February,all,Mikasa Ackerman,"This game is truly terrible. If you want something with somewhat of a similar concept but way better, go play Titanfall."
,Not Recommended,292730,30157929,Posted: 24 February,all,er0_0n,"Lagging servers, hackers and random crashes. If you bought this on pc, then consider seeking help in a mental asylum."
,Not Recommended,292730,30157961,Posted: 24 February,all,Kyle🌌,"The hour i had the game open, i was only able to get into 3 games, 1 of those was already 6 minutes in. Nice netcode dickweed."
76561198136200136,Not Recommended,292730,30158106,Posted: 24 February,all,Sweaty Moisture,I want ro refund this game. I want my free back.
,Not Recommended,292730,30158231,Posted: 24 February,all,Battlebreakerz,I didn't enjoy the game. 4/10 the multiplayer was fun for a little.
,Not Recommended,292730,30158301,Posted: 24 February,all,Синдром Дауна,"Bad game cuz it no load multiplayer game in free weekend,Plz fix,No cpoy Pasterio my review"
,Not Recommended,292730,30158491,Posted: 24 February,all,1R8Klr,"So Much for a free weekend lol....The game still runs abominably a year after release. The opening cutscene had laggy crackling audio at 70 fps, and the game crashed multiple times with me never actually making it into the game and getting to play."
,Not Recommended,292730,30158570,Posted: 24 February,all,☂ɴᴇpɢᴇя,Something about always losing connection to Burgundia.
,Recommended,292730,30158578,Posted: 24 February,all,INSERT ORGINAL NAME HERE,meh.
,Not Recommended,292730,30158891,Posted: 24 February,all,Target Dummy,"Just downloaded it, started it up and already it's breaking. I have a decent system (I5, 16Gb RAM, GTX980) and it just crawls. The audio on the opening splash was stuttering so bad, I thought it was going to tank the machine. The intro video for multiplayer is not even understandable as it stutters so badly. You're not allowed to adjust video and audio until you actually enter a game mode, which is just plain wierd to me. Even with the resolution turned down to half native, it still struggles to run.On the free trial, you're only allowed to access the multiplayer mode, but frankly, given the performance issues I've seen so far, I don't think I'll even bother."
76561198200488607,Not Recommended,292730,30150606,Posted: 24 February,all,Shadow24601,"After starting up the game I then had to wait abuot 3 minuets for it to ""preload shaders"", after which the game shuts down to install an update, after I LITERALLY JUST INSTALLED THE GAME. Then the game wouldn't start at all gg.After activating ""safe mode"" (or basically 'this game is bugged to the max so instead of fixing it we'll just change some settings for you' mode) the game decided to start.Trying to play this on the ""free weekend"" is pointless as the ONLY thing avalible to you is the multiplayer, not the full game.So basically, it ISN'T a ""free"" weekend as you have to buy the game in order to play anything else.Now if you're all for the multiplayer, it's still a waste of time as NOBODY PLAYS THIS GAME SO YOU'LL BE WAITING FOR AN INFINITY FOR A GAME TO HAPPENI gave up after about 5-10 mins.Call of Duty sucks and people know it, don't waste your time with this, even if it is ""free"""
76561198354167316,Not Recommended,292730,30150780,Posted: 24 February,all,mattmcn,terrible cod worst cod ever
76561197974760010,Not Recommended,292730,30178817,Posted: 25 February,all,Resz,I don't tend to write reviews - but I wanted to say how god awful this game is. Not worth the £20 it's reduced to at the minute and an insult to anyone that bought it full price.I gave it 20mins of gameplay before quitting steam to go play something else. I then came back to steam for the sole purpose of uninstalling infinite warfare because the thought of this♥♥♥♥♥♥lingering on my hard drive was unbareable.I did genuiniely like the Advanced Warfare when it came out - this is it on steroids. Avoid.
76561198351350185,Recommended,292730,30178864,Posted: 25 February,all,XxviperxX711,it works for me
76561198237499934,Not Recommended,292730,30178885,Posted: 25 February,all,mrcraigdempsey,"I have never downloaded a free weekend game.BUT..............................50 GB (later)..........................A game that just states - must buy the game to play - when I try for the main game.Needless to say 'STEAM' why allow me to waste my time and data like that!The free multiplayer simply doesnt work - sound jutter, slow framerates, no options to change, what a load of tosh......needless to say.........Ill not do that again!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30178994,Posted: 25 February,all,Varecan,Played two games. Not good
,Not Recommended,292730,30149743,Posted: 24 February,all,Geduko,I rather play with my nan's saggy titts than this garbage :)
76561198284203991,Not Recommended,292730,30178013,Posted: 25 February,all,beazermyst,"Meh, the whole release and advertising by parent activision was a failure. I want to own this game, but I also want to own modern warfare remastered, but I will stand up to being forced to buy both at once. In ever pervasive cycle of customer abuse and reconciliation, activision currently stands at the wake up call part of the cycle (""oh wow, I guess we can't treat customers like crap for this long, I guess the people who support us do have a breaking point""). Shame the campaign for this game had to get lost in all the fuss surrounding it. I played this for the free multiplayer weekend and the multiplayer is nothing special at all. Get titanfall 2 instead, or go back further to the other multiplayer greats, because this is just a copy, no soul as far as mp goes."
,Not Recommended,292730,30178089,Posted: 25 February,all,Shawo,How to Play 101.Exit gameLaunch OriginBuy Titanfall 2Enjoy
,Not Recommended,292730,30178168,Posted: 25 February,all,SeYTeR13,too low fps ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,292730,30178174,Posted: 25 February,all,Massivescu.RUPJUGULARA,De cacat!!!
,Not Recommended,292730,30178257,Posted: 25 February,all,Potato,"its basicaly the titanfall 2 with less players, no titans, worse weapons, and worse maps."
,Recommended,292730,30176549,Posted: 25 February,all,NotCheese,hi my name is jacob and i like this game a lot because of the zombies in spaceland
,Not Recommended,292730,30152285,Posted: 24 February,all,Carl Brutananadilewski,things that are wrong with this game1.cant connect to a game if your name is longer than 15 characters2.servers are dedicated but you get dropped from games alot3.game is dead take 5-10 minutes to get into a game that is if it does not disconnect connectionthings right with this game1.FOV can go to 120I legitimately feel sorry if people payed for this awful productIW get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
76561198090125783,Not Recommended,292730,30152310,Posted: 24 February,all,-krispy-,"Remember MW2, Infinity Ward doesn't."
,Not Recommended,292730,30147920,Posted: 24 February,all,LennyS,"Okay, this is the first COD game I've played, and probably the last.1) In the ""free weekend"" you can only paly multi player.2) It crashed on me every time I opened up the settings.3) MP took forever to load (and didn't finish)P.S. It's not my internet's or pc's fault eitherI have an internet connection of roughly 60-70 mb/sMy pc's specsGPU: Geforce GTX970CPU: I7 4770KRAM:  16GB"
76561198107863998,Not Recommended,292730,30149762,Posted: 24 February,all,ritoare,it seems as though Treyarch is the only developer that can make a good COD game. this was a step backwards from BO3...
76561198128616207,Not Recommended,292730,30149776,Posted: 24 February,all,OG chef,"This is the worst Call of Duty game I have ever played. It is barely 3 months since the release and the player base is already down to 1600 players worldwide. Even with this free weekend trial, players are hard to come by; sometimes taking up to 15 minutes to find a match."
,Not Recommended,292730,30149793,Posted: 24 February,all,KamikazePlatoonLeader,50 Gb of a fraud. You can visit only store page in freeweekend versionI downloaded this game because it was on 'freeweekend' event. But I can not play the game because you do not own it! Then why did they make me download 50gb of ... shiitDONT WASTE YOUR TIME
,Not Recommended,292730,30149829,Posted: 24 February,all,Bluzo,Can't believe I actually gave this a chance. I could barely even play because my frames were dropping constantly and no it wasn't because of my setup (check bio).
,Not Recommended,292730,30149870,Posted: 24 February,all,チナプレヤ hellcase.com,Man uinstalling this game is so much fun ;)
76561198047680270,Recommended,292730,30149975,Posted: 24 February,all,kmkl,"Campaign is good, multiplayer is very bad!I only recommend this game for single player campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,30148635,Posted: 24 February,all,вжух,"well, would be kind off fun if the game didnt think my drivers where out of date and if it was playable with a steam controller"
76561198209396355,Not Recommended,292730,30147641,Posted: 24 February,all,✯Eero89✯,"I was sceptic about this game and when the free weekend came, i downloaded it. Good thing it never even opened, but just showed a black screen.0/10i will change this review if they decide to make the game work.Edit: After finally being able to play the game i found that there is no single player, no zombies and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online which i didn't like...game is a terrible mess.3/10"
76561198216848099,Recommended,292730,30148655,Posted: 24 February,all,Jarielislame™,I only have played the multiplayer in the free weekend but i can tell that the game is not bad but not worth making a new game every year due to how similar it is to cod black ops 3 and i dont want the series to die because they think that cod games die in less than a year and need to have a sequal but if i just ccept it as a standalone game then it is not too bad.
,Not Recommended,292730,30148734,Posted: 24 February,all,jayDee,"Mad performance problems, nasty♥♥♥♥♥killstreaks and unfair matchmaking, putting 3 level 1 dudes versus 6 level 10+ dudes. During my playtime which consisted of TDM only, I've encountered:- 3 yelling kids- 1 hacker- several campers- countless free weekend users who complained about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is.kinda speaks for itself doesn't it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30148801,Posted: 24 February,all,♥Cinna♥,"Played it for a whopping 20 minutes, found a hacker, ungodly amounts of cpu stutter (running with a core i5-4590 @3.3ghz), and absolutely no personality to the game whatsoever. Have fun with your trash Activision."
76561198008871924,Not Recommended,292730,30148857,Posted: 24 February,all,Rent2pWn,"Glad i never bought this pile of crap , crashes everytime it goes to load a level or you change any graphics option... my rig is well more than needed to run this game so its not my machine , 5960x 64gb ram , 2x gtx 1080s... dunno what the deal is but NEXT!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30148910,Posted: 24 February,all,Zweethelm,no
,Not Recommended,292730,30151112,Posted: 24 February,all,Dug,sh*t game i do not recomend worst money i have ever spent.cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥gamemy pc can run it so it has bad graphicsyou get put into matches with pros when u r noobpros: you can delete very well
,Not Recommended,292730,30151292,Posted: 24 February,all,Pro_Pancake_sniffer,"Free weekend version doesn't let you play campaign, and after 50 gb of donloading it soemhow managed not to download an update so it's not even worth it for free, I didnt spend any money but wasted my time"
,Not Recommended,292730,30151305,Posted: 24 February,all,Thomas the Dank Engine,I want my bandwidth back.
76561198023823171,Not Recommended,292730,30151413,Posted: 24 February,all,DJM47CO,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥played accouple matches lagged in all matches i played...pc specs fx 6300 @4.3ghz16gbs of ramr9 380 4gb video cardalso for a free weekend game u cant play zombies....just terrible
76561198025529129,Not Recommended,292730,30207058,Posted: 26 February,all,Arsonist,"Caveat: Played during the free multiplayer weekend.  So, this review only applies to the multiplayer aspect of this game.Should you buy this? No.  No, no, no.  Infinite Warfare is a poor imitation of it's average predecessors.Objective Problems:1) Bad servers/connections - Some matches will run well, while other matches will have players warping across the map even though everyone has four connection bars.2) Low player count and dead modes - TDM is the only game mode that can reliably offer matches without significant waiting times.  When you do get a match, you will see the same players over and over.3) Bugs and optimization issues - It's quite telling that Infinity Ward has allowed bugs to remain.  I had previously heard about the name-length bug that prevents players from entering matches, but figured something like that would have been fixed by this point.  Obviously, I was wrong.  In addition, the menu lags (I have a 980ti and a high end Skylake, no excuses), the videos lag, and I was repeatedly dropped from lobbies after the countdown timer ended (after fixing the name bug, so it was something else).Subjective Problems:1) Gun balance - The balance of the guns is way off, and it is shown by how the community almost exclusively uses three or four guns in every match.  Match after match of people using the NV4, the Vector and one of the shotguns got boring quite fast.  Also, I'm a semi-auto user, so I didn't even get to try out the DMR.  The EBR is lackluster, at best.2) Maps and spawns - The maps are boring and the spawns are awful.  Infinite Warfare is a get-shot-in-the-back simulator.3) Movement - I hate the jetpack movement.  Some players love it, I hate it.  Players are constantly jumping around and spray firing, and it's annoying as hell.4) Time to Kill and Netcode - Something seems very off here.  I can't even begin to count the number of times I was instantly killed by weapons requiring 4-5 hits, with no indication of damage being taken until you fall over dead.5) Microtransactions/Drops - I do not like this system.  Players should receive access to equipment for completing challenges and leveling up, not via pure luck.  In BO3, I had 155 hours of playing time and one, ONE, weapon received from a non-guaranteed supply drop, and that was a melee weapon anyway. It would have been nice to try out the new weapons, but that wasn't in the cards.  Sadly, Activision has figured out that their quasi-slot machine will reel in the compulsive gambler portion of the gaming population, so this garbage is what we're stuck with for the rest of the series.What they did well:1) Graphics - The graphics are nice, and are certainly a big improvement over Infinity Ward's previous title, Ghosts.Overall, this game is little more than an excuse to sell supply drops.  It doesn't do anything particularly well, and has many flaws.  It just isn't very fun.  Considering how few people still play the game, I'm not alone in that assessment."
,Not Recommended,292730,30207097,Posted: 26 February,all,Sooshi,Game crashes when i try to go 1080p lmao. Terrible.
76561198027177265,Not Recommended,292730,30207256,Posted: 26 February,all,BroDave,Hate that they force you to buy both games. Would have gladly paid for both seperatly if i had the choice. Now i dident buy anything because these creedy sell tactiks! Trust more in your product and less in manipulating fans.
,Not Recommended,292730,30205014,Posted: 26 February,all,Maximus,"While I only tried the multiplayer for a few minutes, it was basically spawn and get killed by some guy shooting you in the back that had been playing the game longer than you and had better guns.  Disappointed compared to other COD games I own."
76561198001193506,Not Recommended,292730,30205039,Posted: 26 February,all,BLESS,the fps are weirdly capped and the game itself seems really unbalanced
76561197973500621,Not Recommended,292730,26504654,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Harmless.,"The remasterd version cod mw is♥♥♥♥♥♥ They could have made alot of money doing this great with dedicated servers and high fps for competetif matches. And made money of skins like CS. but suits they don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥do they.The MP codIW is a cod multiplayer. Good balance suit powers ""op super powers on suits""  but its cod /DNice guns like the M1garandNO S&D WTFThe remasters version of codMW could have been an other CSGO but they ♥♥♥♥ed it i don't know how in charge, its like they don't wanna make money ;DBuy the 50$ game, no codMW"
76561197960939300,Not Recommended,292730,26439902,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ozzie_Warrior,"Game pack with Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered,Couple of launch hiccups both fixed or worked around pretty quick, so all good.Glad I spent my money on these - MWR with AI is great and well worth it, and IW plays well with many game modes and weapon loadouts, don't listen to the whiney b!tch3s if you enjoy COD games then its enjoyable.Thanks for the AI players - they work well - so you don't have to play against whiney maggots online.No anticheat so full of wall hacking cheats online - awesome...."
,Not Recommended,292730,26447995,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[IG] tictack22,"I used to have a good review, thought playing the classic 4 made it worth the cost. I came back to play, you ♥♥♥♥ing killed it. ♥♥♥♥ you. Actully ♥♥♥♥ yourself, I spent my money, my hard earn money, on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ You remind me of Ubisoft, you ♥♥♥♥ing trash."
,Recommended,292730,31190575,Posted: 16 April,all,BlockChainDad,"Not entirely a bad game.I bought this Call of Duty strictly for the zombies. And with the release of Shaoling Hustle coming in a few days, I feel as if my purchase of the season pass is a bit more justified.Then again, my expectations are never set to high for the Call of Duty franchise.My conclusion:If you're strictly a PC gamer, and enjoy the Call of Duty franchise as it is, buy this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30208117,Posted: 26 February,all,Elderaso,They ♥♥♥♥ed up terminal at the point were it looks like someone just slapped star trek on it...
,Not Recommended,292730,30208372,Posted: 26 February,all,Hawthorne Abendsen,"Not a big CoD multiplayer fan, but the sci-fi soldier/BSG Viper pilot/shooting-Space-Jon-Snow aspects of the single player campaign appealed to me enough to throw down on a 50% off sale.TLDR version: Even those with managed expectations...beware.I've enjoyed what I've *been able* to play of the campaign... but pretty quickly noticed a frequent problem with lag and stutter in the cinematics. I assumed it's because my rig is a couple years old, though still decently capable of HD gaming in the 1920x1200 range (Fallout 4, etc), and started to walk back my graphics settings. Unfortunately short of putting the settings down to something that looks like XBox360, any graphics adjustment led to persistent crash-to-desktop with a DirectX11 error. Even playing with NVIDIA settings ""optimized"" and cranked way down causes crashes that lock up my whole system. Worse, I've discovered a bunch of people online (with possibly newer, better gear) reporting similar, seemingly-unresolved issues dating back to November.I know graphics-intense games can run a little dicey and I'm due for a card upgrade but I expected this to at least be a comparable experience to Titanfall 1 which still looked pretty and played fairly smoothly and reliably without ultra high end system specs. Disappointing! I guess I'm going to have to sit this out a couple more patches."
76561198009025108,Not Recommended,292730,30207992,Posted: 26 February,all,Gozu,Nope
,Not Recommended,292730,30208042,Posted: 26 February,all,Artiom Madafaqeri,I played this game for 2 days and this may sound crazy for some people but I actually prefer Ghosts over this future crap.
76561198023923848,Not Recommended,292730,30203538,Posted: 26 February,all,PING PONG UN,"This game is unfinished and a complete waste.I was unable to join a multiplayer game, unless I changed my profile name to something under 15 characters. The game doesn't feel rewarding in the slightest and there's something about killing robots that simply leaves one wanting something more satiating. This futuristic focus that the Call of Duty franchise has adopted has ultimately been its downfall.The fact that they are releasing DLCs for a title that has never reached over 5-10k active players is a joke. Black Ops 3 often has more players and that game is over a year old. Even during a free weekend, I've not seen the numbers rise above the 5k range. Do you want to know why? Because it's unfinished, unsatisfying, boring and most importantly broken.It's actually quite funny. Upon featuring a free-weekend and a reduction in price, thsi game has gone from having ""mixed reviews"" to ""overwhelmingly negative.""If you're considering buying the game, didn't notice the incredibly negative reviews and think there's something worthwhile in this title, then please donate your money to my PayPal account. I'll put it to better use for you. Say... Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2, Watch Dogs 2, Resident Evil 7 etc."
,Not Recommended,292730,30203628,Posted: 26 February,all,Counter-Strike: Global Offensive,its as bad as you didn't want it to be.
76561198123013056,Not Recommended,292730,30157810,Posted: 24 February,all,dezonio2,"Title: Uhh what?Me: ""Cool, free weekend. I suck at FPS games to play online but I guess I'll try the single player""Game: You do not own this game. Purchase to play.Me, slightly agitated: ""What? I thought this was the free weekend? I guess I'll try zombies, I've watched people play that and it looked fun. I did spend all night downloading this.""Game: Update needed to playMe, politely expressing my disappointment over publisher's ruse: ""M&$@%$^*%##$@!""Uninstall."
76561198114517523,Not Recommended,292730,30157818,Posted: 24 February,all,yummi,"I can only speak for multiplayer, and its your typical futuristic bug filled mess. Got bored and uninstalled after 5 minutes of horrible latency filled gameplay. Skip this one."
,Not Recommended,292730,30157086,Posted: 24 February,all,Xpyro_gamerX,Yea this game is teriable. Nothing liek the old Call of Dutys.
,Not Recommended,292730,30157148,Posted: 24 February,all,GDarkness,"Play for free & i'm download 39GB... after finish download, play the game & i get notice ""You do not own this product"" ... nice job Activision, you wasting my time"
76561197972357764,Not Recommended,292730,30157221,Posted: 24 February,all,to><in,"Sad attempt for CoD, the exo crap is lame. Free is still a waste"
,Not Recommended,292730,30156424,Posted: 24 February,all,FatherChon,"Downloaded it on the free play weekend, campaign and zombies locked, multiplayer only and it looks like the community is dead..."
,Not Recommended,292730,30156414,Posted: 24 February,all,TimeMachineGamer,"For free weekend players, Don't play this game because the multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥It takes forever to matchmaking, Don't waste your time on this free weekend♥♥♥♥♥♥On the other hand, I watched campaign on Youtube, its not very bad.Most importantly, don't play unless you want to play campaign mode."
76561198062445723,Not Recommended,292730,30156588,Posted: 24 February,all,Sxc_Unicorn,computer spec'd well over the minimum requirments but yet i still have unamanagable screen tear FPS drop and dialouge lag and the ingame setting to adjust the graphics setting is cpmplete utter S*** save your money and buy a hooker it will trreat you better
,Not Recommended,292730,30156589,Posted: 24 February,all,ChuckMCCluck,"It's ok, its really nothing special because it just feels like BLOPS 3 with an updated look. The only positive thing that really sticks out for me is the cleaner futuristic aesthitic I really enjoy as opposed to the rougher dirt and grime look that the other games have.  The biggest con is the unreliable laggy p2p connections that the mutliplayer uses, which really doesn't suprise me cause COD has been doing that since MW2. If you are thinking about getting this just get BLOPS 3 which has official mod support, dedicated servers, a server browser and alot more content than Infinite Warfare."
,Not Recommended,292730,30156591,Posted: 24 February,all,Relunk,"Multiplayer was so glitchy, it barely even worked. I couldnt even connect to play with my friends. It's not my wifi, it worked perfectly in other games. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30153727,Posted: 24 February,all,Jäger,Horrible
76561198210888597,Not Recommended,292730,30154325,Posted: 24 February,all,Aquastin,"Don't waste your money on this broken game. The game is poorly optimized, there aren't enough players who actually play the game and the player base that does exist, complains about hacking 24/7. Compared to last year's installment in the Call of Duty franchise, Black Ops 3, Infinite Warfare is terrible. I would highly recommend skipping this year's Call of Duty and investing in some of the older installments."
76561198028958344,Not Recommended,292730,30143664,Posted: 24 February,all,Emily,"The first time I launched the game it was windowed by default. I changed the option to fullscreen and then lost control of the application and my mouse wouldn't move. I alt-tabbed and everything else wasn't locked. I then came back to the game and it was still in the same state. I ended the process and tried it again. The second time I made it a tad farther before my entire screen went black and control-alt-delete and alt-tab no longer worked. It crashed my entire system. Trust me, it's not my hardware. i have a 1080, 16 gigs of ram, and a hybrid drive. I don't have problems this brutal ever.Even if I could play the game, it's peppered with microtransactions that are pay-to-win. I don't know what it will take for Activision to understand that they're losing business and creating a playerbase that's dead on arrival but maybe these reviews will help them test their game and not put one out every year."
76561198019937493,Not Recommended,292730,30143744,Posted: 24 February,all,Quavo,♥♥♥♥ed up game. ♥♥♥♥ed up franchise. Everything is ♥♥♥♥ed up. Aaaand startup problem... cant run the game. What a waste of time for downloading it...
,Recommended,292730,30143757,Posted: 24 February,all,Botany Gaming,This game isn't as bad as everyone says. Zombies is solid. If your a fan of the zombies mode in CoD I would recommend it for that reason alone.
76561198149466561,Not Recommended,292730,30143838,Posted: 24 February,all,MaxiCheese,♥♥♥♥ YOU ACTIVISION
,Not Recommended,292730,30183364,Posted: 25 February,all,RocketPuncher,meh...fun if its free.
,Not Recommended,292730,30181674,Posted: 25 February,all,Ren Operative,"""Lost connection.""You're better off getting chlamydia from a five cent street walker than waiting for this piece of trash to work online.0/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,30181697,Posted: 25 February,all,juanvirr,"I only can tell it was a waste of time download this game just to be able to play with bots in custom matches, and thats it! no campaing and and multiplayer for the free weekend, don t waste your time and broadband"
,Not Recommended,292730,30181703,Posted: 25 February,all,SotilaS,I would rather Slice my ballsack than play this game ever again
,Not Recommended,292730,30181710,Posted: 25 February,all,//ATREIDES.ネトリ,"game disconnected on startup every match, checked online and found out that apparently my ""steam name has too many/special characters""yeah....nah. im not going out of my way to change my autistic name because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ basic string error. you can hire all these actors but cant learn the basics of programming. i also pirated and played the campaign, which was also♥♥♥♥♥♥and had way too many cutscenes. make a ♥♥♥♥ing game, a tolerable game with gameplay please."
76561198000835342,Not Recommended,292730,30184636,Posted: 25 February,all,Don'tPlayAngry,Call of Duty..... what the heck happened????
76561198064340154,Not Recommended,292730,30184706,Posted: 25 February,all,FanAtiC,"bugs even in the spawn point, nearly 41gb to download, multiplayer is the only thing avaible to play, definitely not worth it"
76561197964615320,Not Recommended,292730,30184881,Posted: 25 February,all,digital_desifinado,Aweful software. Don't bother
76561198351352075,Not Recommended,292730,30184904,Posted: 25 February,all,Jimbo_Miasnik,I played it for 30 minutes this weekened and dropped. Real dogshit game! I would rather play Battlefield 1 with friends.
,Recommended,292730,30142646,Posted: 24 February,all,Silver One Kenobi,"The game is really well made.The main menu is fine. The ""The servers rejected your request"" message is good looking too. Same with ""BERGUNDIA"" status."
,Not Recommended,292730,30142682,Posted: 24 February,all,solntzevrat,"It says free weekend play on steam, but the campaign not available.The game stuck twice in the main menu. (i5 6600, gtx 970)."
76561197966572007,Not Recommended,292730,30131889,Posted: 23 February,all,lvl420,Can't seem too join any online games..  campaign is locked out.I'm glad I didn't buy this game.... 20mins trying to find a multiplayer and still in queue..Create Ur ownserver if you want to see what ingame map feels like..Is slow paced... I rather play dirtybomb f2p it rocks and most importantly they make it easy to find current games.. ingame menu sucks find a match has to many different options to find a server but no server browser that I can find...Anyways uninstalling thanks steam for trial
76561198084766600,Not Recommended,292730,30142709,Posted: 24 February,all,Mr_Mad,this is the worst game of the history of call of duty.
76561198119652431,Not Recommended,292730,30142716,Posted: 24 February,all,Ordis,lmao ''Free weekend'' all lies. dont even bother downloading. wasted 2 hours waiting for it to download to just do Multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,292730,30142754,Posted: 24 February,all,Donkichiki,"Come on, tell me you didn't plan for this."
,Recommended,292730,30141751,Posted: 24 February,all,Dyin'Identity,"I know by just looking at the reviews this game seems absolute garbage, and that is why I didn't buy it yet. But now that the free weekend came up I thought I'd give it a bash, and boy was I wrong. Of course i'm only talking about the multiplayer here as the campaign nor the zombies are available in the free weekend.So, why do i think it is good despite all the reviews that say that it is total garbage?Well first you should know that the last cod i played was black ops II, so this hover/wallrun mechanic is completly new for me and so far I quite like it for what it's worth.Secondly, I strongly disagree with everyone who says that the weapons are unbalanced. If you play 5 matches with any weapon you will get the grips with it and you'll get better with the minute.Of course this game is not perfect, it has it flaws, but i have not experienced any hackers or server crashes in the few hours that I have played and I'm still enjoying it quite alot.Just keep in mind that It is definetly not worth the full 60 or so bucks. But on sale (or♥♥♥♥♥ I would say pick it up if it's below 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,292730,30141927,Posted: 24 February,all,夢想毀滅者,Fast paced multiplayer. Laggy with everything in low or off. Meh.
76561198022206949,Not Recommended,292730,30141963,Posted: 24 February,all,PLzPinG,"Now what can i say. for starters i havent been able to even start a match i have opened the ports i have even tried DMZ nothing seems to allow me to connect to a match. that should be all you need to not blow your 60€ on this ""game"".but if you want more the game is literally a BETA product its comparable to early access titles the one and only reason to buy this ""game"" is MW remaster but that is hardly enough content to varant 60€ atleast not by todays standards.accept it CoD is dying a really drawn out and gruesome death its butcheredalso there is a really simple fix for the host disconnects and so on theyre called dedicated servers.please dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,292730,30141985,Posted: 24 February,all,Steel of the Wanderer,i cant even play a free game wtf this is bad
76561198058877307,Not Recommended,292730,30140678,Posted: 24 February,all,l00ser,The only thing this game does is crashing
,Not Recommended,292730,30140679,Posted: 24 February,all,Scotty,just -1 out of 10♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,292730,30140716,Posted: 24 February,all,SparkyX1,"This game runs great visually, but after waiting 20+ minutes for a lobby to have 6 people to start a game I realized quickly that I will never spend a penny for this. Out of a (laggy) 6 player lobby, one player was max prestige/level and the rest were level one. Great matchmaking! Save the HDD space for a better (or literally any other) game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30134458,Posted: 23 February,all,Schizobaby,"If you want to play this game because of its dynamic movement system, fast-pace, and casual gameplay, then go play Titanfall 2. Less content? sure. But its better content and free DLC. Plus better netcode, balance, and game mechanics in general. If you want to play this game for any other reason... why?"
,Not Recommended,292730,30134483,Posted: 23 February,all,Hexxy,"spent 10 mins waiting for match to load. eventually ""lost connection"".decided to play campaign. wont let me load campaign.went back to multiplayer. spent 5 minutes loading yet another match. game crashed.went on this to review.uninstalled.get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight cod.thank god this free weekend came. because otherwise, you may have stolen my money for a game that doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing run.i typically post ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and trolly reviews, but this is just ♥♥♥♥ing dumb."
,Not Recommended,292730,26422826,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NOVA612321X,"i take my review back, this is the end of call of duty. there is no player base, it is poorly ported, and worst of all, modern warfare remastered is garbage. the frame rate in mwr is awful at best. i have a good cpu and gpu but it still lags and tears.i FUXING quit. Im done with these self apointed prophets of war and their♥♥♥♥♥♥titles."
76561198091907464,Not Recommended,292730,28785391,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mr. Snuffleupagus,"I like Infinite Warfare, its nothing special, actually, its just awful! The legacy edition that has CoD4 Remastered is where most joy comes from. The framrate is capped on 91 on both the multiplayers, but the fps is uncapped in both the single players. On my GTX 1080 I got around 100-180 fps in the single player of CoD4 Remastered. I highly recommend NOT buying this game! The lag issues on both multiplayers are awful."
76561198101676190,Not Recommended,292730,28088518,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NekoDwesu~,I like the game just notice that the Multiplayer is absolutely crap honestly BO III was better that this if you want to play a good multiplayer game you cant because unlike BO III there isnt much weapons in the game even older games had more.The only lovely thing about this is the campaign it has one of the most memorable campaign same as the modern warfare series but in only 1 game. And the characters you get attached to them just like in MW.Pros-Good Campaign 18/20Good CharactersGood Audio TracksZombies is pretty good if you have friendsCons-Multiplayer is Sh*tSnipers are a bit bulky unlike in BO IIIQuickdraw isnt really quickdraw for SnipersToo little weapons (For now might change)Less Dynamic For Example in BO I - BO III you can shoot Bodies and they shake or move in IW nope.Less Customizable features (For now)Overall- The Game is great it just doesnt have the vibe anymore I see why many people hate Infinite Warfare now. This is the last time I will purchurse any Call of duty Dating from Infinite Bullcrap to the next games in this unforgiveable franchise which changed from a lovable game to complete garbage what the comunity wants is some thing that draws us into the game I wish i could of gotten my money back from this game but the campaign took awhile. The overall story is COD is a dead franchise now thanks to this broken game.
,Not Recommended,292730,26423618,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,WillisnotFunny,THIS GAME GETS WORSE AND WORSE (STICK WITH BO3)Pros--Modern Warfare Remaster-Zombies is Fun-Boots on the ground option (Private Match)Cons--a little glitchy because new release- models are not as clean as BO3-Maps are not well layed out-basically everything
76561198188594831,Not Recommended,292730,30148448,Posted: 24 February,all,[WntD]❆Freeze❆♫♫♪♪,suck balls thats all i have to say
,Not Recommended,292730,30148451,Posted: 24 February,all,ChillzKillz99,"Woah. EA did a great job with this one,IF THEY WERE TRYING TO DISAPPOINT US. This game is nothing like I was expecting, and believe me,I had really low expectations."
,Not Recommended,292730,30148463,Posted: 24 February,all,Pav,I have 1 hour played on this game. I'm yet to play a game...
,Not Recommended,292730,30148551,Posted: 24 February,all,Beefy Texture,Free Weekend: The game struggles to find 6 players required for a Team Deathmatch.
76561197989790466,Not Recommended,292730,30148560,Posted: 24 February,all,Pepe Of Doom,Pros:-Looks Good-Nice CustomizationCons:-Everything else you can think of
,Not Recommended,292730,30147182,Posted: 24 February,all,✘ 𝓗𝓪𝓭𝓮𝓼 ✘,"I can't even play it. It keeps disconnecting me from every game and tells me ""Lost connection to the host"".10/10 would lose connection again"
76561198022620511,Not Recommended,292730,30149244,Posted: 24 February,all,-=|BiGSNeaKY|=-,"Damn, this game is so bad... Wish they made the cod games like mw2 and bo1"
,Not Recommended,292730,30149267,Posted: 24 February,all,Raziel,"yeah... not for me.took way too long for a game released last year to find me a game, and when i started on MP it was alright.but isnt anything new,what i wanted was to see if the SP game was any fun. but its not for free weekend.uninstal simulator, i would wish the makers of bf and cod would skip a year and come up with something new.cheers and best of luck"
,Recommended,292730,30149269,Posted: 24 February,all,in magazyn,"I dont know why people dont like this game. Personally I like modern CoD more than some WW1 or WW2. Its boring cuz there are too many games like that. I would like to see Cod located in Iran or Afganistan. It would be better then some Vietnam war or WW1/WW2 game. And no I dont want remastered CoD, I want new CoD!P.S. Sry for my english. Not my first language."
,Not Recommended,292730,30149470,Posted: 24 February,all,Sauna Goblin,"I didn't even pay for this game and I want my money back. Litterally none of the online features work, after spending a good 30 minutes on trying to even play the game even with bots or something but never escaping the endless menus I gave up.Also the game doesn't have a way to get to the settings from the main menu, and it doesn't save my settings when I retart the game. I miss when Call of Duty was good."
76561198241786360,Not Recommended,292730,30225631,Posted: 27 February,all,Ghostpro1289,♥♥♥
76561197971456413,Not Recommended,292730,30225846,Posted: 27 February,all,Skywalk3r,"The VAC is very poor beacause there are a lot of players who plays with aimbot and other cheats.  To this day I bought all CoD but i think this one is the last one. You must do something better to stop this. There is no fun to play the game with this  problem. I can' t understand what is the fun to play like that.O VAC é muito pobre porque há muitos jogadores que jogam com aimbot e outros cheats. Até hoje, comprei todos os CoD, mas acho que este é o último. Vocês deviam fazer algo melhor para parar com isso. Não há nenhum divertimento a jogar o jogo com este problema. Eu não consigo entender qual é o prazer de jogar assim."
76561198075736429,Not Recommended,292730,30225898,Posted: 27 February,all,Calebasso,"I played the Open Beta, and had one simple conclusion: This game is♥♥♥♥♥ Thank you. :D(It could be a really great and amazing game, if it was free)"
,Recommended,292730,30152638,Posted: 24 February,all,Rin_Mugenjou,Well first I reviewed this game bad. Thought it was a let down. But during the free weekend I kept playing some more and it actually grown on me. Now many hours in the game and it is pretty addictive. Like it more than Black ops 3 actually.I can recommend this game.
76561198011735944,Recommended,292730,30226475,Posted: 27 February,all,Jasron,This game is really good to look at and fun to play but the single player is way too short.
,Not Recommended,292730,30226913,Posted: 27 February,all,Piranha,just dont buy it ..this the worst game ever -worst optimisation even with good pc- a new dlc bo3 .. this shity game is horrible dont waste your money and your time
,Not Recommended,292730,30226918,Posted: 27 February,all,ThatOnePerson | Roblox G@NG,"Wait for this game to get priced at $20 or less, definitely not worth $60, not even $30. I didn't buy this game, I played the free weekend, so I didn't get the full experience, but the multiplayer isn't great, and it's very dull. It had it's moments where i enjoyed it, definitely a mediocre, lack-luster fps."
76561198367662424,Not Recommended,292730,30244318,Posted: 28 February,all,ANONYMOUS,"This game is fun but nobody plays it, I have once been in a lobby for zombies for over 30 minutes because you cant just start the game with 2 or 3 people you have to wait untill the lobby is completely full and this is why games never get started."
76561198032660875,Not Recommended,292730,30179963,Posted: 25 February,all,D. Trump-Umbridge,This is just♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
,Recommended,292730,26438779,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JavsAddiction,"Update - April 15th, 2017This is will my last installment in the 6 month saga of Infinite Warfare. I've gone ahead and changed my recommendation from No to ""YES"".A couple of things have made me change it. After 6 months and over 120 hours of gameplay, even though I paid full price it was still worth it. Multiplayer takes a while to catch a rythm, and I'm not the ""best"" player by any stretch but I've managed to figure out a way to play where I'm competitive. And it's been fun.Zombies has been spectacular. Really the best I've played. IW pays homage to a particular 20th century decade each time. 80's, 90's and the 70's are on the way. Zombies is really the very best part of Infinite Warfare. I wish they'd spin this off into it's own game already.At this time you can pick up the base game for around $30. I'd pay that for Zombies alone, throw in a very good multiplayer experience and the game is a winner....Anyways, I'm done here nothing more to say.Enjoy!Update - January 2nd-Since my refund was never accepted, and I spent $80 on this game, I've forced myself to try and find something postitive.First and foremost, the best thing this game has going for it, is the Zombies in Spaceland mode. I've spent a good 10 to 12 hours playing it so far. It's very well done as far as the ambiance and feel of the 80's. I really like it. On the down side, while there is tons do in Spaceland, there is no apparent objective. I'm still ""figuring things out"" at the moment.Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare Remastered is a travesty if not a crime. COD4 is easily one of the best competitive shooters of all time. The remastered version was the only reason I purchased Infinite Warfare in the first place. The game has turned out to be a buggy mess. From the poorly implemented matchmaking to horrible frame rate issues. It's an insult to the legacy that COD4 rightly deserves. As far as the visual difference between the origianl and the remastered version, see for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRufZWaCcYAMultiplayer is just a cut and paste from Black Ops 3 with more of the things you don't like. Wall Jumping, jet packs, odd weapons that don't feel natural... It's all in there. The maps are a mess as well. Although some flourish in this run, shoot, kill, die, respawn, repeat enviorment. I can't imagine this keeping your attention for more than a few hours. The whole crafting system, weapons unlocks, kill streak unlocks, weapon attachments unlocks... It's all a grind and outside of fire rate, the weapons in each class all feel the same...In the end, Zombies in Spaceland save IW from being a complete catastrophe. But, even so, this will be my last hurrah with the COD series. Activision's contempt for it's customer base, it's lack of vision and complete disregard for the PC community are it's ultimate downfall.November 5th - Underwhelmed is an understatement. Infinite Warfare plays like a cheap Gameloft clone. The bonus here is this game is pretty much unplayable. Frame rates go from 120 fps to 1 fps. Not exactly what you want from a competitive online shooter.I requested a refund, but was denied. The ridiculous shader caching that happens the moment you start the game pushed me over the 2 hour limit."
,Not Recommended,292730,26444098,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Shrink,"Disgusting, this will be the last cod I've ever buy.Do yourself a favor and get titanfall 2 instead if you want to play a shooting game."
,Not Recommended,292730,26448135,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Daysent,Anti-consumer bs decision to split the microsoft and physical copies to not be able to play with steam buyers. activision cmon... you're better than that. where my PAY TO WIN @
,Recommended,292730,26581822,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aniway,"You know nothing, Salen Kotch.---------------------------------------------Update 24/1/2017: Honestly, the campaign is way better than BO3 but multiplayer of this game on PC has become a steaming pile of s***."
,Recommended,292730,30741085,Posted: 25 March,all,Warwolf442,the masses are assess.
,Not Recommended,292730,26440071,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"Man this kills me but I'm gonna have to switch this review to negative.  The more time I spend with the multiplayer, the more awful I realize it is, and fundamentally, this is a multiplayer-centric game.  Original review below.Before I say anything: if you are making a decision between IW and Titanfall 2, under NO circumstances buy IW.  Titanfall 2 has a superior campaign, superior mutliplayer, and superior core design.  If you're looking for a judgement of IW on its own merits, however, then read on.It's alright.  It's not the antichrist, it's not the epitome of gaming sin people made it out to be pre-release, it's not a bad game.  It's not excellent either, but I'm having fun with it, and at the end of the day, that's what games are made to do: be fun, be entertainment, and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is entertaining in the same silly, mindless vein CoD games usually fall into.  If you like Call of Duty, then congratulations, this game isn't as bad as Ghosts, you can buy it.  I'll get into a little more detail below for people who want that stuff.I'll start with the campaign, becuase imo, it's the game's strongest element.  Characters are strongly-written, well acted, and have perceptible development arcs across the campaign's eight to nine hour run (assuming you complete all the optional side-missions, which I would reccomend, they're reasonably fun and provide additional weapons and upgrades for you to use).  Gameplay is well-varied through the campgian's runtime - you spend time boots on the ground, you spend time in zero-G, you spend time in a surprisingly well fleshed-out aerospace fighter, and upon completing the campaign once, you unlock the genuinely interesting 'specialist' mode, which removes regenerating health in favour of useable health items, adds localized damage to your character that changes what you can do and how you move, and forces you to wear a helmet to prevent dying via headshot.Unfortunately, it retains the weaknesses Infinity Ward has always brought to the table.  The movement system that wants to be free-flowing and exhilirating comes out stiff and clunky, and you die far too quickly, resulting in a game that forces you to cower behind cover at all times while its fancy wallrunning mechanics go untouched.  Infinity Ward's plot writing hasn't improved, either - they started out writing fantisies about the United States as the beleaguered underdog in a war against cartoonish evil, and they haven't stopped; if anything, they've gone even further.  The evil has become so cartoon and so irrational that it's impossible to take seriously, and despite a strong performance by a talented actor, nothing the antagonist did ever made any sense.  The story's strength is in its moment to moment space-opera grandeur and strong character interaction - not in its overarching plot.The multiplayer, I'm sad to say, is also affected by this clunky movement and excessively tiny time to kill.  Death comes frequently, swiftly, and you can almost never tell where from - it tries to be a clone of Black Ops 3, but everything Black Ops 3 did well, with a slightly higher TTK and vastly superior movement, has been let down by Infinity Ward's reluctance to abandon boots on the ground, coupled with their inexperience designing anything else.  On top of that, supply drops are back, but they are /far/ less generous than they were in Black Ops 3; they cost the same amount (ten keys for common, thirty for rare) but you get keys /vastly/ less often, at a rate of one I'd guess every fifteen public MP games, making acquiring box-only content an insane grind.  Playing IW's multiplayer scratches the same addiction-itch CoD always does, but playing it just kinda made me want to go back to Titanfall 2 or Black Ops 3, both of which do the same thing as IW, only with more fun, better design, and more generosity.Last but not least, zombies is... fine.  It's honestly pretty hard to screw up.  Zombies is zombies is zombies, and while I find the new theme a bit off-putting, it's not un-fun.  Still, I found myself kinda lusting after Shadows of Evil from BO3.Man I wish there was a 'mixed' review option.  I guess, in brief, if you're a CoD fan who needs the yearly itch scratch then you'll be satisfied, it's not the same kind of trainwreck Ghosts was, but just can't hold up to its predecessor, or its compeditor.  Wait til it goes on sale, then buy it for the campaign."
76561197999105397,Recommended,292730,27907655,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[RLC]BRoWNiCuS,"I like the style of the game, but if you didn't like Advanced Warfare you probably won't like this one. I only play multiplayer and enjoy it, but the game was released with a number of glaring issues (lack of anti-cheat, poor lobby system) that have gotten a little bit better since then. It seems like they shipped this game out before the game was ready to be released, which is dissapointing. The game lacks a few features that have been present in previous COD games, which is a little annoying as well.I have a very mixed opinion of this game, it can be fun, but it has its issues."
,Recommended,292730,28344408,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jonda,Good game takes a while to run for me but a very well developed game. Its pretty amazing to say im running this game with intel(r) 520 graphics card at 30-40 fps so if ur computer is good enough i say buy the deluxe and have fun cause its a very enjoyable game and ull love zombies in spaceland. But they need to add cod points onto pc so i can buy more crates. The multiplayer servers are a big flaw tho sometimes itll be hard to find a game but im a zombies player so it doesnt bother me that much. 8/10 would recommend.
76561198271697085,Not Recommended,292730,30345406,Posted: 5 March,all,Echo,worst game ever if your going to buy just do not buy this if cancer could be game it's call of duty infinite cancer warfare very buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,292730,26543151,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,I_Spy,meh its good now
,Recommended,292730,28928662,Posted: 1 January,all,k3nny[A]w0w-^,PRO: Good single player campaigncons: not so many players in mp :(UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!:Finally it got VAC enabled sure there are still some hackers left but alot less than beforety!
76561198117547181,Not Recommended,292730,27927502,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,adurnamage,The game is fantastic... the story is wonderful... BUT YOU CANT CONTINUE IT... WHEN YOU ARE TRYING TO GET TO SPACE A LITTLE BIT INTO THE FREAKING GAME YOU CAN'T DO ITAT ALL!!!!!!! im really triggered because they said they fixed it but i hav just played it and they havent fixed it...I LOVE THE GAME BUT I CANT PROGRESS IN THE GAME AT ALL...DUDE TITANFALL 2 WORKS BETTER ON MY PCAND I LIKE THIS MORE BUT THAT WILL BE BETTER THAN THIS IF I WONT BE ABLE TO PLAY IT!!!!seriously thoiugh they really need to fix it
,Not Recommended,292730,26420485,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Redhead,"The dedication for the servers is more like: ""Oh here is a potato."" ""Yeah shut work!"""
76561198132112383,Not Recommended,292730,26438573,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,shoe59,"*Edit 11/29/16 - Cannot recommend this game anymore (for multiplayer, anyway).  The connections are too inconsistent, probably due to terrible coding and low player countThis game is very fast paced - feels like you can jump like Advanced Warfare, but also wallrun like BO3 (and the wallrunning is intuitive if you have played BO3).  You will have to change sensitivity immediately because it is insanely high by default!  The shooting feels fast, with satisfying marks.It is basically a mix between AW and BO3 is what I'm trying to say.  I have 1000+hrs in both of those games, and I would expect no less with Infinite Warfare.The User Interface leaves a bit to be desired, but overall I haven't had any crashes/glitches yet (*EDIT: it has crashed twice on me in ~13 hours).  Matchmaking takes quite a long time.  1st time running, the game window popped up on my 2nd monitor, had to go to in-game video settings > change monitor > change to 144hz ... etc.The game is not perfect.  It is COD, and each game seems to have it's own unique problems, but we rise above and grind them out each year because... it is COD, and it's the best."
,Recommended,292730,26457041,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crexdd,"DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME:Yes,IW is by no means a bad game, it just feels a bit unpolished in general, however, it IS triple A/ Holiday-season and I strongly believe you can spend your 60 bucks on a better game, I know I am. It's just more COD, so this'll scratch some people's itches, but it doesn't scratch mine. However, you can always try for yourself."
,Recommended,292730,26468137,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,YT.com/Tonyhawkjrjacob,I Really Disliked this game when i started playing it. I didnt like the new movement system but now that ive sunk a couple hours into it i really like it. I should say that i never played bo3 before so i dont have say in that but yeah i really liked it. -Tonyhawkjrjacob For President 2020
76561197990089106,Recommended,292730,26593252,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,K0bretti,Lo recomendaria si tenes una buena pc. El modo historia esta bueno. No lo recomiendo si queres jugar multiplayer. Por ejemplo en sur america no hay nadie jugando.
76561198136735648,Recommended,292730,26513291,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nola,"Once you play the game for a while, it gets a whole lot better.I gave it a negative review at first, but decided it has earned it place to get a positive."
,Recommended,292730,28404732,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hegom,"Edit: The connection problems are apparently fixed, so I changed my review to ""Recommended""---Old review----I don't recomed this game, because of the servers and p2p problems, I'm always getting the ""Can not migrate host"" message, the game worked well the first 2 or 3 weeks but after that is a nightmare to join to an online game . Fortunately I enjoyed the game when it worked, I like the futuristic, fast and frenetic shooters with small maps and this game meet all of those, but the online system just don't work. I will give a try on the next week if the connection problem still appearing I will delete this game forever.--------------------Update 1 12/14/2016: Impossible to join a gameUpdate 2 12/15/2016: Joined an online game but a lot of lag.Update 3 12/16/2016: Working normallyUpdate 4 12/21/2016: Still working well"
76561198035507017,Not Recommended,292730,26426135,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SpaZz,first review: really not as bad as everyone says it is. personal opinion i guess? but i love both games.Edit: Game is garbage...
,Not Recommended,292730,26429454,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,OneManArmy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 60 quid down the plughole
,Recommended,292730,26417284,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AlbsAlbsAlbs,"despite a bumpy start, i am now really enjoying this game, shame that the PC player base is so small though."
,Not Recommended,292730,26439031,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tinytim,"we are disappointed the games graphics have not improved that much and the games laging (hopfuly they can impove this internet speed better servers faster prossores) we are having problems keeping the man running every time you stop moving forward the man stops running the controler xbox used on pc. we have to use key borad  and conutilly push or hold the run/sprint key. if you do not keep the stick forward and move it in any dirction again the man stops running and you have to flight to make him run again. (we cant find a run only option if so any one know where it is ?)also the game is not finished after playing these games for some years they all do this sell the game per order and day one of game is never complete they still have to complete building the game for all to function.they worked on story mode this year more than muitl player and that seems to be the following titin falls also did more on the story than multiplayer.multiplayer is still small maps, not giving us much more same with tatin falls, battle field and just as battle field 4 had shipes coming ashore and a few other extra things to do in multiplayer, but again the industry will not at this current time build these games any better. and currently buliding better more advnaced multiplayer games will not happen yet do to them not completed and crashing when trying to write all this computer code to work without problems.also the gaming industry is based on the graphics cards and currently there are only a hand full of countries that use and can afford to have/ play games. just look at the number of people playing on line and in your region not to many.we just want to have fun play the games and enjoy them but they currently do not build them for fun but to make money DCL's the in game puchucres where is the game play. the game play is in the new pool, cars or homes the that companies buy after collecting all of the pre orders on the games that do not work or are not finnsihed.we do not know what way the gaming industry will go but based on passed history it does not look good.one more problem is that when playing the games to many people curse and talk bad word constantly making the game play horrible and many people just dont play because of this any more. I wish they would fix some of this mess somehow.Hope and pray that next years games and the games coming up in the future will be better and more GAME FRIENDLY. The gaming industry has their work cut out for them if they are going to improve the gaming industry for the better.we do want to recommend this to freinds but last few times they were angry that we recommend the game as will as other that were not finnished and extra dcls etc...yes we will play the game and pray for bigger and better games with more stuff to do more multi player inter action with bigger maps more to climb tunnel etc...zombie mode and playing can help with frist person shooter, also there things to do and in the new game switches that have to be turn on in the park and other things. wish they added more stuff like the robot but wish it did more. once you find the head and put it on the robot thats it, it just move around.hopfully they will exspand the games multi player and zombie games with more stuff to do that keeps poeple playing and coming back."
,Recommended,292730,26413723,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PythonTN,"After finally getting to play the game on 11-6 late in the evening, with pretty much no tech support from activision or online.. I was able to figure out how to make the game play.  After playing it, I do like the game, and the new feel and graphics of the game.  I dont necessarily care about some of the space settings, and dont really care about robots running around.  But we'll have fun with it.. the next COD id keep the current movement system, (slides,etc,wall running) but do away with the futerstic settings, like robots,etc.. Make em soldiers on the ground ... Modern Warefare.. new series maybe.. But I like the game and look forward to playing it this year and coming year.."
,Recommended,292730,30200296,Posted: 26 February,all,wrinklestheretardoclown,"Note: This review is purley multiplayer. I played the free trial and could only have access to the multiplayer.Ok, this game is actually pretty fun. As more of a battlefield person myself, i did enjoy the gamemodes I PLAYED quite a bit. However, please do not buy the game at it's $60 price point. With the singleplayer and zombies acompanying the game, i would say you should get it when it's around $30-$40.Oh and by the way, you can't play the multiplayer if you have a stteam name above 15 charecters. i learned this the hard way.Overall i would give this game a 7.2/10"
,Not Recommended,292730,26421674,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,zeals,"Edit : Lack of PC support and Anticheat made this game horrid it was promising at first. :/This game received a lot of hate and all i can think of is a child saying they don't want or like something even though they havent tried it yet and once you push them and they finally do they end up feeling stupid and love it. This game is alot of fun the weapons, characters, and maps look excellent and you can tell they put alot of work into it. The gameplay is a mixture of mw2 and black ops 3 and overall has some interesting concepts. I personally love the game and i think you should try it with an open mind."
,Not Recommended,292730,30218757,Posted: 27 February,all,phoueyyouey,"Played for the free ""weekend"" (weekend in quotation marks because it ended 2 PM on Sunday for me. Liked the game with bots, which was ok since they didn't abuse everything that is probably stronger than it should be. But, if I took anything away from how BO3 multiplayer was, especially online - it would be that the way you get a lot of kills is abuse broken things to their fullest. (I was one of few that didn't.) Lastly, due to the time of ending, I couldn't play anything else since it took THREE DAYS to download due to my internet not wanting to cooperate."
,Not Recommended,292730,30194182,Posted: 26 February,all,Delayed Blowback,"My chef makes better cod fillet than this.Max player size in playlists is 12 except for Infected and Ground War which are capped at 18. It doesn't really help though, because all of the playlists are dead except for Team Deathmatch. Who wants to play with 12-18 players anyway? The bare minimum is 32 these days for this type of game.If your username is too long, it'll give you an error even if you launch a local bot server, ""Lost connection to host / status : BURGUNDIA"". Apparently 16 characters is too long. ""Infinite Warfare"" is 16 characters, therefore this game is too long and cannot be played."
76561198015851059,Not Recommended,292730,30255216,Posted: 28 February,all,Savvy,"As a long time Call of Duty fan all the way back to vCoD and UO which I played religiously, I was excited for the prospect of this new call of duty, especially since the deluxe edition came prepacked with what I though was the best and most balanced COD (Modern Warfare remastered).  I dropped $100 waited patiently for launch day, when it arrived I was finally able to experience a jump/slidefest that was quickly full of cheaters lacking any real innovation or intrique to keep me coming back.  Wasted $100, now its $29.99.If you are looking for a CoD to play, Modern Warfare remastered is it, sadly no one seems to play it on hardcore and match making seemingly takes forever during non peak hours.  Whenever a talented group decides to split from these big companies and make a quality FPS with dedicated servers again, the FPS throne will be yours to take.Would only be fitting as Infinity Ward started this same way."
76561198139501953,Not Recommended,292730,30181007,Posted: 25 February,all,ToastyAstroanaut,"Tried the free trial for the game.Took about 4 years to prepare shaders while I was in the ♥♥♥♥ing start menu.Took another 4 years to load a deathmatch, then it stopped responding. I opened debugger and tried to find out what was wrong. That froze too.Wow."
,Not Recommended,292730,30143895,Posted: 24 February,all,Chip Whitley,"Can't even join a match online or custom game, pointless to promote a free weekend when it doesn't work!"
,Not Recommended,292730,30144002,Posted: 24 February,all,minecraftgod13809636238197031276,lol
76561198094641571,Not Recommended,292730,30144018,Posted: 24 February,all,laggyn,"Fastest Uninstall I've ever done. Install 50gb ""free weekend"" to find out you cant actually play the game. Terribly optimized with crashes everywhere. Just release MW2 Remaster Standalone and give up on this garbage. I was expecting it to be awful but this far exceeded my expectations. Great Job IW. Ubisoft called, they want to join forces."
,Not Recommended,292730,30153379,Posted: 24 February,all,=RattleSnake=,It's iffy but it isnt worth sixty maybe thirty at best. people these days...
,Not Recommended,292730,30154512,Posted: 24 February,all,xd,"WHATEVER YOU DO, STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME.In short, multiplayer is an unbalanced, not-very-fun competition to see who can play like the largest♥♥♥♥♥♥If single player is your thing, the campaign is decent by FPS standards. Don't expect some immersive emotional roller coaster.Zombies is pretty cookie-cutter and recycled. Just get Black Ops 3, at least it has mod support.In summary, this game is quite insulting to the CoD franchise and the FPS genre as a whole."
76561198201417526,Not Recommended,292730,30154545,Posted: 24 February,all,beetlecanvas,A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198207789729,Not Recommended,292730,30154584,Posted: 24 February,all,Ionut 😂 ♡☆ farmskins.com,Why can't play the game if hes free...wtf :(
,Not Recommended,292730,30153777,Posted: 24 February,all,Batgate,"Literally trash. I played a game that was 5 against 1. The game never bother to balance out the teams, and my team was forced to sit there bored out of their minds because they didn't want a loss for leaving. The one guy on the enemy  team didn't want to leave because I guess he was into being pounded by 5 guys or something. I stayed because it was funny."
,Not Recommended,292730,30153799,Posted: 24 February,all,ESC4PE,missing search and destroy game mode. doesnt run well on gtx 770 and i7-4770k. only game mode anyone is playing is team deathmatch and even then people leave making it 6 v 2. ps4 version is much better.
76561198026362340,Not Recommended,292730,30153817,Posted: 24 February,all,Pill Cosby,http://www.whitby.ca/en/residents/resources/pw-waste_garbage.jpg
,Not Recommended,292730,30153802,Posted: 24 February,all,Zee,"Lets see...-long wait of cache shaders-multiplayer cutscene lagged like hell even though with 60fps-lobbies still filled with 15 year old toddlers screaming in their mics-in-game currencies still being used in 60 dollar game-occasional lag during gun fights-search and destroy removed from playlist-jetpacksYeah, I would have regretted buying this game at full price."
76561198089838976,Not Recommended,292730,30284757,Posted: 2 March,all,Anders vilhelm,"DO NOT buy this game, i wish i could like it however after about 4 hours of game play the game just stoped working. as in i can look at the main menu and thats about it. if you change the setting it crahes, try to play multiplayer crashes, try to play zombies crashes, even campaign crashes. this game is the most brocken game i have ever seen! also i have a gtx 1080 so it sure as hell is not my hardware."
76561198022247320,Recommended,292730,26421785,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nomad,"This part of CoD was a success. Sci-Fi setting in it looks very cool and graphics are really cinematic, single-player story is still short, but made in the best traditions of action-games, each key member of the ship's crew stick in the memory, especially Android named Ethan. Main villain (Salen Kotch) was shown very little and not revealed himself, therefore, the main enemy of Nick Reyes is his own rank of captain and it can confirm a phrase that said one of the crew members:""if you don't have the will to make that kind of choice, you have no place being in command.""-""Peace to the fallen.""©"
76561198328153969,Not Recommended,292730,28226310,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,toilet child,"micro transactions out the♥♥♥♥♥no real gameplay, just whoever has the most money wins.i only got this for mwr"
76561197982785784,Not Recommended,292730,30193936,Posted: 26 February,all,^ ^5👌   Deca,"Well was about to buy the game when it was on 50% sale. But then there was a free weekend download so i got that just to give it a try first.Glad i did, game works horrible.Keeps freezing when ever i try to change video settings. Freezes when i try to go to main and exit.Keeps crashing when doing nothing. and best of all maps won't load, just keeps me in the game lobby as the game starts and try to load map untill it drops out an go back to menu..."
,Not Recommended,292730,26469710,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,bashdash4,"Here are my thoughts on the game at launch, when I thought the game was still good:https://basedgamer.com/review/2894/call-of-duty-infinite-warfare-infinite-dislikes-infinitely-undeservedI don't believe I can still recommend this game.To me it seems like this game has died before the first DLC has even come out, and that makes me a bit sad.Never mind the fact that the game was sort of doomed to fail from the beginning, as the majority of the Call of Duty audience has been sick of futuristic environments (and many of the angriest ones have become cannon fodder for my game of choice).This huge dying down of the playerbase has hit the PC community hardest of all, but even console players are starting to look elsewhere. Prominent CoDtubers like M3RKMUS1C rarely make Infinite Warfare content anymore, and it seems like the only key figures in the CoD community who unironically like this game are the CoD c0ccsuccers (like TmarTn) and the eSports circlejerk that's oblivious to the fact that they're playing the most casual FPS of our time competitively.I used to like this game. There are parts of it that I still like, and I will still be playing this game with the friends I met on here (don't know whether or not any of this is affected by the fact that I got this for free thanks to CoD XP). But I don't think anyone else should buy it, especially if they're looking for a multiplayer experience.Campaign was at best a pleasant surprise. Story was well-written, ordinance like the shield and hacking were well-thought out, the environments were well-designed and gunplay is solid and satisfying for a CoD campaign. Despite this, there isn't much to go back to after the first playthrough unless you want to play on the unlockable difficulty settings, and though playing through side missions was fun at first it gets tedious over time. Plus, the elements are found better in other places. For great classic CoD campaigns with great settings and gunplay, my personal favorite is Call of Duty 2, but you also can't go wrong with the Modern Warfare Trilogy, World at War, or Black Ops (1). If you like playing with all the futuristic toys and such, I personally had a lot of fun with Black Ops III. Just don't pay attention to the story.Zombies will either be a hit or miss depending on what you want. The mode does have easter eggs, though they're not required to access most of the elements. Despite this, a lot of new features makes this one of the most complex Zombies to date. Map's well designed and is in my opinion the perfect size. I personally like this flavor of Zombies, but if you were looking for classic World at War style or the large Black Ops II and III affairs you may be disappointed.Multiplayer is where a lot of the $#!7 is. Combat rigs are cool (I especially appreciate the nice customization options), weapons are great (especially since you can earn variants in game), mission team challenges are a decent feature, and maps are surprisingly well-designed, but there are factors that ruin it for me.For one, pay-to-win and gambling a la Black Ops III is back in full force as with updates Infinity Ward is adding supply-drop exclusive weapon variants to the game. This to me is the biggest problem with the game, as it promotes gambling and gives players with a large disposable income and nothing better to spend it on a huge advantage. Gunplay is stale and really hasn't improved since CoD4, and while that's fine for the campaign, it makes multiplayer monotonous. Simpler gunplay works in simple games, especially Call of Duty 2 where there are no perks or anything, but if you're going to add extras, improve the gunplay as well. The lack of a server browser and Infinity Ward's poor servers and matchmaking make it very hard for me to reliably get into matches, and can sometimes lead to connection issues. Last time I played, I was not really a fan of the weapon balancing. The Reaver is absolutely filthy and I have no respect for kills gained with it, especially with the game's movement system. SMGs are rather powerful as well, though certainly not as bad as the Reaver (this may have changed, let me know if it has). And finally, the game just doesn't have many players anymore. Only a few modes are playable and when I get in a match I'm stuck playing with an all-prestige lobby and that isn't very fun sometimes.Also, optimization is kinda garbage. I should be able to play this game in 1080p with 16GB of RAM, an i7 and a GTX 970, but instead I'm forced to play in 4K downscaled to 40% (which is surprisingly the best setting for my setup in terms of performance).Modern Warfare Remastered is pretty cool. I like the good job Raven did giving it the treatment it deserves in terms of presentation. The campaign's fun to play as always, and they did bring back leaning! However, multiplayer suffers from two main issues.1. Just like Infinite Warfare, very few people are playing it anymore, and servers are poor without a browser.2. Activision's greed has tainted it. Not long ago they added supply drops to the game. Originally it was only cosmetic items. This would've been okay, but now they're adding supply drop exclusive weapons. Don't know if Raven Software suddenly changed its mind regarding faithful recreation or Activision was just being greedy as always, but they've added pay-to-win mechanics to a remaster of arguably the greatest arcade first-person shooter of all time. I don't know about you, but I find this disgusting. And with this, Raven Software can no longer hide behind ""we want it to play like the original"" when it comes to changing or removing the perk unholy trinity (Juggernaut, Martyrdom, Last Stand). Despite this, they decide not to change it, because actually good updates/patches to Call of Duty multiplayer are illegal.I don't think MWR is good justification to purchase the Legacy Edition of Infinite Warfare, and I'm unsure of whether or not a purchase of the game standalone in its current state is justified if given the option. You're better off with regular Call of Duty 4, where the price of admission is reasonable and there's an active playerbase as well as mods (incluing promod).I really wanted to like this game. When given the opportunity to play it at XP I thought that this game would be the first step to making CoD great again. But they had to ruin it.I personally vow to never buy another Call of Duty game again (at least directly, if I go to another XP and get it for free again then what the heck, at least XP was fun and a good use of my money) unless one of the dev teams make a game that does three things:1. Make the actual gunplay more engaging.2. Make the gameplay less reliant on perks and killstreaks.3. Get rid of the supply drops.Unfortunately, I don't have high hopes that Activision, Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer, Raven Software, or even Treyarch will take any of these concerns, or any concerns that the CoD fanbase in general have, into consideration. As long as Activision treats Call of Duty as a cash cow and not like a game, I can't expect anything to change, unless they find a way to worsen the state of the game even more.Hopefully many of the fans that somehow like the state that the game is in wisen up and cause the franchise to either change for the better or cease to exist.Bottom line: please don't buy this game. If you have to buy this game for whatever reason, don't buy it on the PC. At least on the consoles you'll be able to play different game modes and get into good matches."
76561198100332172,Not Recommended,292730,28908842,Posted: 1 January,all,philly cheese steak,"Original review down below.I bought this game back in December 2016, and I thought it was pretty decent. It was my very first Call of Duty game. I thought it had great game modes, and the learning curve wasn't too steep. But, a few months later, in April 2017, you can barely even get into a game. This goes for both Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered. No one is playing anything besides Team Deathmatch or Domination, and even then it's extremely hard to get in a game there. I highly regret buying this and wish I had just used my money on another game. The game itself is good, but if you can't do anything but play the story and play with terrible bots, there is no game. Buy it on the PS4 or XB1 if you want the full experience. I would say that my theory at the end of my original review was correct, at least for the PC version of Infinite Warfare.Original Review:I'm a first time Call of Duty player, so I decided to pick up the latest installment in the series: Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Also, please note that this is a multiplayer only review. I have not played the campaign.I had some concerns before I bought the game. I compared the player count to Black Ops 3 and it was significantly lower by about 3,000 people when I checked. I was scared that I wouldn't be able to join a game. That was not the case.  Also, I was concerned that, me, being new to FPS games, would absolutely suck and get demolished. Guess what? I was right. But, I'm okay with that. I knew that I would get demolished so I don't rage. However, if you are new to FPS games and you have a tendency to rage, you may want to steer clear or online multiplayer until you're somewhat decent.The visuals are stunning, but they are not as great compared to a game such as Battlefield 1. However. the gameplay is what matters most. Some of the controls were weird to me, like having to press right click again to stop aiming down the sights. Other important actions were literally not even bound to a key at all. Figuring out all the correct controls was probably the hardest part of learning to play the game. But. once I got the controls set the way I wanted to, the movement and aiming was perfect.The game is not new player friendly at all. There is no tutorial to help you set up a class, customize guns, do whatever your green squad Wolverine guy says, etc. I constantly found myself looking to Google for help with this. This should not be a problem to veterans to the game, however. Again, once I figured it out, I was able to easily make three different loadouts that suit my playstyle.Hackers and cheaters are not that big of a problem, not yet anyway. The only encounter I had with a cheater was someone who was using a class glitch to permanently have his classes special ability.  Although, I may not be able to identify cheaters due to being a noob.Overall, the game is fun. I definitely reccomend it. However, in a few months I can see this game dying out and everyone going back to Black Ops 3."
,Not Recommended,292730,29211655,Posted: 12 January,all,Frosty_Chains,"This game sucks, honestly, I cant even get it to get past the space bar.  I havent been able to play, and because its loading is been over 2 hrs of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can't get my money refunded.. What a damn joke!"
,Not Recommended,292730,29165912,Posted: 10 January,all,Lizardman_x,The game has a lot of issues and is currently not being supported by the devloper whatsoever. MWR is a buggy mess with match making problems and it is tough to find a game. If you like only playing TDM or domination and having the game randomly drop frames all and time and is never updated then this is the game for you. I had high hopes for infinite warfare and MWR but this just killed any last hope i had for the whole call of duty franchise.
,Not Recommended,292730,26415695,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,OkDude,Umm... No.
76561198097578928,Not Recommended,292730,29257142,Posted: 14 January,all,GWHIZZ,i dont know what happened to call of duty.....
,Recommended,292730,29286194,Posted: 15 January,all,RedDeadLink,"Well after reading a bunch of reviews I held off purchasing this game for quite a while. But I really wanted a new cod so I took a chance. This review purtains to multiplayer only:I'd like to start off by saying that there arew few to no hackers in this game,  people just constantly accuse good players of hacking. It happens to me plenty and I just take it as a compliment. This annoys me because so many reviews talk about the hacking problem which I dont see happening.I mainly stick to team deathmatch so I dont usually have trouble getting into games as the majority of the player base is here.The guns have a large variety and many can transform into different types of guns, perks are pretty standard, and scorestreaks are not too different from past cods.The rigs are similar to operators from black ops 3 but have more customization options and abilities, I really like them in this game.I'd like to finish by saying I'm really loving the multiplayer in this game and have already put in 60 hours with more on the way. There are not really any bad maps and the game is fun and addictive as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198354407068,Recommended,292730,29346759,Posted: 18 January,all,willy wanker,its ok
76561198238869658,Recommended,292730,29347225,Posted: 18 January,all,nVm SPEC-C,"after playing the game, i did not enjoy the multiplayer personally, but the idea behind it such as the missions were very unique to the cod line up, so thumbs up for that. call me old fashioned, but i enjoy advanced warefare and modern warefare titles so maybe thats why im not so 100% with this game. big plus for adding music to the zombies, although it takes away from that thrilling effect the previous zombie games had (i no longer feel scared playing zombies lol) but the music is good though. it makes you all primed up to shoot those undead suckers. and the random zombie spawning in the majority of the map makes it a level more fun...you almost never know where there're gonna spawn next unless you replay the same level over and over. but i guess by now, if you're not new to zombies, you'd be farming those undead beings so the above wont matter.bottom line.... its an ok game, i loved the new ideas they put in, in this COD game, dont like the space flying stuff in the campaign though."
76561198108744302,Recommended,292730,29303473,Posted: 16 January,all,Timberyn,Love the game!- It is perfect if you like to enjoy an actionloaded popcorn movie story to play through combined with good shooter gameplay.-Graphics and i encountered no big bugs at all.-Story is not long but it was entertaining the entire gametime.-Multiplayer i have to admit I haven't tried.- It's not why i bought the game.
,Recommended,292730,29396386,Posted: 21 January,all,No One In Particular,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,292730,29397652,Posted: 21 January,all,wanteD_O,"I cannot believe I'm saying this about CALL OF DUTY :I love it. it's fun. but it takes forever to join an online match!!I don't know why you don't add server browsing to the game?!I play Battlefield 1 with no problem and join server easily. I was a fan of COD but with this servers, NOT ANYMORE!this game has a lot of mode in online but believe me just TDM and Domination will work SOMETIMES!!!I don't recommend this game for an online game unless they add server browsing to the game.:O"
76561198032272161,Not Recommended,292730,29348929,Posted: 18 January,all,サム Drainamor,the game keeps crashing so.... not recommended
,Not Recommended,292730,30130181,Posted: 23 February,all,Stalking Reaptor,Network Error: BURGUNDIA
76561198069657430,Not Recommended,292730,30130612,Posted: 23 February,all,dplegend159,This game does not work
76561198027791421,Not Recommended,292730,30130631,Posted: 23 February,all,Kimble,Horrible call of duty went bad after Call of Duty Ghosts!! Stupid space suit lol its like playing crysis just dumber
,Not Recommended,292730,30130679,Posted: 23 February,all,nittyjr,"TERRIBLE. This game is THE WORST game of 2016-2017. It has a toxic community, starts you out with the highest level players, gives you no good guns, and anytime you open a ""supply drop"" it gives you absolute trash. TERRIBLE GAME. 4/10. Don't buy unless you want to roam the map for 10 minutes occasionally finding someone or falling off of the map. Awful game. I got it for the free weekend, and I definately will not be buying it."
,Not Recommended,292730,30130723,Posted: 23 February,all,SoggyPancake,"i loaded the game and it sounds like an idie game from 1995. get black ops 3, at least it has mod support"
76561198118495615,Not Recommended,292730,30130876,Posted: 23 February,all,Nate Sharkbait,Downloaded for the free weekend and yet every match i find it kicks me right back out. No wonder why the game is rated like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004676262,Not Recommended,292730,30131869,Posted: 23 February,all,sharemyvalue,"I have bought every copies of COD from COD 1 in CD format , to COD BO3 in steam , I can tell you one thing , not to buy Ininite warfare at any time , I played the multiplayer part of the game not the single campaign . Gameplay experience is the worst in the series , you still get the winner circle stuff like BO3 but feel less impessive , you still get the q key for class super weapon like BO3 but feel pale compare to BO3 , and the whole class selection is not better but worser than BO3 .Even the COD ghost has the most interesting Extinction mode which is much fun and unique to play , sad to say infinite warfare has another boring zombie mode with nothing knock your socks off stuff.If you bought infinite warfare and feel good then I can only say you are the evil source for bad game .100% not to buy this game ."
76561198150004784,Not Recommended,292730,30132217,Posted: 23 February,all,LASAGA | Skinhub.com,Literally all that it says when i try to start or join a match is that it lost connection to the host.Horrible
76561198266983096,Not Recommended,292730,30132250,Posted: 23 February,all,mike12811,Tried this game on the free weekend. I do not recommend this game to anyone. Just waiting for MWR to be sold sepratley.
76561198363939745,Not Recommended,292730,30132359,Posted: 23 February,all,BornSoldier21,"Terrible game dont buy. Zombies are sub par to tryarch's offering, multiplayer is bad and riddled with micro transactions and the campaign is only alright."
76561198156138150,Not Recommended,292730,30132378,Posted: 23 February,all,legend CSLottos,its just a reskin of advanced and bo3 should
,Not Recommended,292730,30132398,Posted: 23 February,all,MoxNix,"First things first I'm a big COD fan, and its always been my preferred shooter since MW1.Game starts up with some Army guy giving me some kind of story or something in a cut-scene, I couldn't pay attention because the audio was lagging about 2 seconds behind his lips like a bad Chinese kung fu movie and I was getting periodic flickering and stuttering on screen.Multiplayer:Game 1 - look for a match of Dominion my favorite game mode. Wait in lobby for over 10 minutes and there is still only 1 other person in there.Game 2 - look for the more presumably more popular TDM mode, game still takes awhile to form but it more or less went off without a hitch, but I was taken aback by how plain and ugly the maps were. They were clearly made functional and then were given no further polish. I was looking though the menus for a separate ADS sensitivity slider and never found it, the game either doesn't have the functionality or its just hidden away somewhere poorly designed.Game 3 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 4 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 5 - Was put into a 1v5 game where I was mercilessly camped. I noticed on my first spawn that the enemy player was able to spawn more or less directly behind me and in line of sight. After 10 years COD still has some of the worst spawn points. Still looking for ADS slider.Game 6 - Was put into a 5v1 where we mercilessly camped the other team. It was at this point I fully took in how ugly the game and levels are, and noticed I was starting to get a severe headache from the extreme screen bob as you plod around the map. Gave up trying to find ADS slider.I had heard bad things about Infinite Warfare and it certainly lived up to the hype. I seriously wouldn't play this game if it was given to me for free - and the fact they have the audacity to charge $100 for the MW1 Remastered edition plus include micro transactions is mind blowing.If you want a futuristic FPS play the infinitely better Titanfall 2 or even the very excellent and free to play Blacklight Retribution.0/10 hot steamy garbage and forever tainting COD's reputation."
,Not Recommended,292730,30132438,Posted: 23 February,all,SpawnTerror,Very bad port. At some points I was down to 6 FPS on 1070 and i5 4590k. I run CS GO at 300+.
,Not Recommended,292730,30131786,Posted: 23 February,all,JOFEGUBA,"This game is absolute garbage. I cant believe that call of duty was a great series (MW2,MW1,etc) and now is pure ♥♥♥♥. I downloaded this game as a trial for free and i feel robbed LOL"
,Not Recommended,292730,30132595,Posted: 23 February,all,Dev,hahahahha omfg this game is sooooo bad. im glad i got to play it during a free weekend for some good laughs. embarassing game
,Not Recommended,292730,30132561,Posted: 23 February,all,Alpacastuff,"I get auto disconected as soon as I join any match. Waist of bandwith and data, stay away."
76561197990473804,Recommended,292730,30128821,Posted: 23 February,all,Ohno,I have no idea how a game looks so jittery a 60 fps.  And I look like a cartoon character.  I might try the single player someday.
,Not Recommended,292730,30127900,Posted: 23 February,all,IncredibleInnovationsGames,"I have just started playing the free weekend and am already regreting using 40GB of my storage on it. I started it up thinking of playing the zombies mode as I have heared that it is the only non terrible think about the game but they do not state that you have to play for the game to play zombies or campaign. Your are using 40GB to play TDM as no one plays the other modes and you have to wait 10mins to play anything other than it. Sorry about the poor spelling, I am in a hurry as I am about to go to bed. I hope this helped to a certain extent ;)"
76561198141953050,Not Recommended,292730,30128206,Posted: 23 February,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH,don't even ♥♥♥♥ing bother lmao
,Not Recommended,292730,29508543,Posted: 26 January,all,dippy_fresh,"The game is amazing but where is everyone?The wait times on multiplayer takes forever. The longest time waited is probably over ten minutes. Got fed up and switched to playing Titanfall2. I'm not planning on buying any map packs because when I did that for Black Ops 3 their wa's no one to be found playing the newer map packs in Hardcore and Regular Team Deathmatch. I do not plan to buy any future COD games unless PC players will be able to play with console players.As for the game itself, I enjoy playing it.Update: 2/11/2017To many users hacking (Aim Bot). Here is a list of users that I have encountered using it. I only place them on this list if I am certain that they are cheating i.e. kill cam.User: John Wick"
,Not Recommended,292730,30132529,Posted: 23 February,all,Decay,Call of Duty Infinite Welfare
76561198131619525,Recommended,292730,32242330,Posted: 7 June,all,Blazer420,"I really don't understand why everyone is so down on this game,it has its great moments and tyhe not so great moments when they build the perfect game for everyone let me know I'd love to play it. I enjoyed the campaign and the multiplayer can be fun if you have good security software so everyone on the game isn't hacking or cheating it's easily spotable I don't understand why the devs. and Activision haven't done a better job at fixing this problem,for the most part I play custom games just for all the reasons that people have spoken about the games shortcomings so I have fun and don't have to deal with all the **** that everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about you bought the game so play it it's actually pretty fun even without boots on the ground only difference you float up instead of falling down when dead! I like and dislike it at the same time hard to figure this one but I still put some hours in every now and again, Toast and turn it up!!!"
,Not Recommended,292730,32342562,Posted: 11 June,all,Kage,"Don't bother. No one is playing in multiplayer. Such is the downfall of constant remakes of the same game by the same companies over and over. You MIGHT be able to join a Team Deathmatch game, but (at least in my opinion) that's the most boring game mode offered. Put your money towards something like Overwatch or CS:GO instead."
,Not Recommended,292730,32311533,Posted: 10 June,all,khaRbon14,"So I spent 8 minutes with this game (so far, will retry).** preloading shaders ** This lasted a good 2 minutes ; I wasn't even on the main menu yet.no settings? odd.** new campaign **** video -  rather uninteresting, can't cut short **** loading **That loading part was a little bit irritating.The first 95% of the progress bar were completed in one second.The last 5 (until the crash) took more than a minute.** crashes **Attempt #2""Do you want to start the game in safe mode?"" Apparently so...No preloading shaders this time, that's a plus.** new campaign **** video **** loading **** crashes **Attempt #3See attempt #2.Read other reviews, crashes problems...Requesting refund.Refund denied (I should have tested it within 14 days after the purchase).Attempt #4Holding mouse down allows to skip the video and it apparently skips the crash that was happening on my machine.As soon as you get in control of the character, press escape to make sure the keys are matching your keyboard's layout otherwise you'll start with your first death ;)2017 and we're still having this kind of problems. Some things will never change...TL;DRIf you can make it past the crashes, then it's a nice CoD game."
,Not Recommended,292730,30150930,Posted: 24 February,all,Ryusei,"A 50 GB install, 39.9 GB download.That's the amount of crap you have to download just to enjoy this ""free"" weekend. But it isn't free.You're locked out of most of the modes unless you pay. This isn't how it works Activision.I would have given this game a chance had you not royally screwed me and others over with your fake free weekend announcement."
76561198043856345,Recommended,292730,32465871,Posted: 15 June,all,Augmentation,"The campaign is pretty good to be honest, the story is actually enjoyable and you can get quite a lot of gameplay out of the side missions. Regardless of the hate this game got, its actually not that bad as a single player experience.The optimisation is really good, i manage to hit 60 fps easily with a mid range GTX 950 m , akin to a few moments of stuttering which can be fixed by pre loading shaders.Overall a very enjoyable singeplayer experience, feels almost like a Star Wars Battlefront 2 single campaign."
,Not Recommended,292730,32696178,Posted: 23 June,all,jamesdeal1982,"I bought this game because it's supposed to come with Modern Warfare 2 Remastered. Apparently, MW2 only comes with the almost $100 version of the game, and they don't tell you that. So if you're buying this for the Remaster, don't.But that's not where the bad news ends. I have an i7, GTX980 SLI, Asus Gaming Motherboard, 64g Ram, SSD, PC, and this game was EXTREMELY buggy and laggy. My headshots wouldn't hit till a literal half a second after I shot, while in Zombies.And my biggest gripe, is how Infinity Ward does business these days. We all know the story here. But to find out they're RE-charging us for DLC we bought almost a decade ago, and charging $100 almost for the game, is pathetic. I've asked for a refund and it's the last COD game I will ever buy."
76561198153714157,Recommended,292730,32744666,Posted: 24 June,all,FrostGiant,"june 24, 2017this game is pretty fun get it if you want it. the mulitplayer is kinda dead but you an still find games in the afternoon and bots is still fun to play offline. season pass might be worth it if you want the multiplayer guns they arent in loot boxes or whatever,, you'll just have them if  you have the season pass which i think is kool. idk i guess ill give it 7 out of 10 just becuase the multiplayer is kinda dead other than that its fun to play"
,Recommended,292730,32725806,Posted: 24 June,all,LittlestCutestBabyBunny,"This series has gotten so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I've basically stopped playing the series since Ghosts, but I decided to give Infinite Pew Pew a shot during this sale.Here's how I'll breakdown my thumbs-up despite the overwhelmingly negative reviews.The average movie ticket price in the US is around $8-9 and you generally get a little over 90 minutes of entertainment.Sure the franchise has run itself into a cycle of annual releases with the exact gameloops repeated over and over, but Call of Duty has consistently delivered an entertaining - albeit cheesy, over-the-top hoorah, pew pew mcpew-pew - singleplayer movie shooter.I got my 9 hours of the ooh-rah space pew pew campaign. Played 20 seconds of the zombie mode before I noped the ♥♥♥♥ out of there. Was called a noob in multiplayer and then told my vicious namecaller to have relations with the corpse of his country's recently deceased head of state before quiting.Yeah, I paid around $30 (in a thirdworld country so prices adjust a touch) with the summer sale for 9 hours of solid fun. Or about 6 movies worth of entertainment. Well worth the price in my book.Keep doin' what you're doing CoD, I'll buy it every summer sale... sure as I'll watch every damn Marvel, Fast & Furious, John Wick, and Transformer movie. They don't have to make sense or break new ground... they're just damn fun.Alright... time to give the last few CoDs a shot too I guess."
76561197968887720,Recommended,292730,32836490,Posted: 26 June,all,Beefcake4000,"I was put off buying this game for a long time because of the bad reviews but I took the plunge because it was on sale and haven't regretted it.It's a great game with cool mechanics and storyline, No idea how it playes online for multiplayer but that's not what I'm about anyway.Worth the money just for the singleplayer experience."
,Not Recommended,292730,26428384,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Johnny,Trash. Deserves all the hate.
76561198183982869,Recommended,292730,28264258,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Millertime1055,"Ok let me just say that if you are burnt from generic call of duty then you will most likley not enjoy this game. However, if your bored this game is really fun for short burts. Binging this game is not a good idea. Though if your bored it will provide a lot of fun for 1-2 hours."
76561197970879348,Recommended,292730,33349572,Posted: 7 July,all,S'Rau L'Crit,"*disclaimer*- I am a solo player, i don't like multiplayer, thus i didn't play at all to multi and my review is based solely on the single player campaign.- Yes i am aware that BF's multiplayer is so ****** better but, once more, multiplayer hits me one without moving the other.Sooo, that said, , i'll be straightforward : i loved this game and it is a good game but i recommand to buy it only at discount price !** Pros :- The setting, i loved it, classical Mars vs Earth or colonies vs old world.Kinda feels like a mix between Starlancer and the Expanse, minus the aliens.- Ethan, i mean .. Ethan ! I hate toasters, i hated them in MEs, BSG, and so on but Ethan is so well written and so far from the regular ""killzzz all humanzz"" that he feels like the most fleshed out (no pun intended) character of the story.- The graphics. They are good, with gorgeous sceneries, nice skins and very good animations (heyhey Bioware).- Fighter craft missions : i really liked flying a F22 lookalike in space with semi realistic newtonian model, drifting between structures/asteroids.- Spacewalk missions, nothing like infiltrating an enemy capital ship hiding in an asteroid belt, throwing away enemies with your grapple or fighting on a hull with mag boots !- Realistic weapons, all hail kinetic energy and boo the lazors because they are cheap SciFi and the devs didn't fall into the trap !** Cons :-  The campaign is very short and this is the reason why i said to buy this game on discount : 11 or 12 hours only to finish the campaign doing all (i don't think i missed any) side missions.- Enemy motivations ? Beside ""killzz all Earthlingzzz"" i didn't catch any, maybe i missed ? Not even a ""colonial fools !"" !! I mean nothing, absolute zero ! It is a waste of Kit Harington's talent.- The music ! I know there is music in this game, i've read about it but sincerly i don't remember it, at all.- Few months after its release the game is still plagued by the infamous crash at 1st mission loading screen : c'mon devs, can't you fix the anti-virus exception with a patch or you just don't care anymore and let players handle it by themselves ?** Conclusion : A good ""hard"" scifi shooter, but very short so buy it only with a very good discount !"
,Not Recommended,292730,29309632,Posted: 16 January,all,<--M--I--K--E--L-->,"This game doesnt run on my computer. I had a laptop with a GTX 1070 and the game ran just fine, but that laptop had defective parts so I returned it. I got a new one and the game crashes a few minutes after, ive contacted Ubisoft, they gave me many steps in order to diagnose the problem and it still doesnt work. They have stopped replieng to thread. Complete waste of money and time."
76561198089608767,Not Recommended,292730,30184695,Posted: 25 February,all,The Map,A waste of space.
,Recommended,292730,33192664,Posted: 3 July,all,Devo_,Clap
,Not Recommended,292730,26977954,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,»ÐøG«ÇHÜÇKLÈS,"This game is not even worth the money i spent for it. This call of duty game has the most ammount of hackers and the report feture is broken because i go to report and nothing happens. There is no Anti Cheat no what so ever, And The lag comp is just rediculius mostly only European Lobbys. The only good thing about this game is the campaign, I played the campaign and i do admit it is a very challenging storyline for Infinite Warfare."
,Recommended,292730,30425102,Posted: 10 March,all,Finnick,"I remember wanting this game so badly (yes other reviewers you can laugh at me if you want)and when I got this game I definitely wanted to play the campaign more than multiplayerwhy?I will explain laterlet's talk first about the campaignThe campaign was actually really good and really interesting, I love the story, and I like the gameplay70% of me loved space in this game honestly because I love space and I am happy that there's a space Call of Duty gamethe game is actually VERY beautiful in the multiplayer there's a map called Mayday which is my favorite one because it has a Supermassive Black Hole there which is super cool to look at!!and it drove me crazy in this map because I love black holes they are pretty and also scary to look at!the multiplayer was also fun but it got old pretty quick to me honestly.... that explains why I only have 23.9 hours spent on this game.Why it got old to my you ask.... Idk, it just wasn't fun enough to me...and the gameplay was actually similar to Black Ops 3 which I have over 100 hours spent in it which for me it's one of the most played game in my librarywhy? because I didn't play advanced warfare that's whyBlack Ops 3 was my first EXO - futurastic Call of Duty gameokay now I am talking about another game, back to Infinite Warfarethe Zombies........ I don't have much to say about the Zombiesit's something that I got to play like only once......I will give Infinite Warfare 7/10 because the multiplayer doesn't suck and the campaign is fun and interestingso you know what? yea I will recommend it"
,Recommended,292730,30225508,Posted: 27 February,all,Coco Pops,Good Gameplay I Like it
,Not Recommended,292730,30130924,Posted: 23 February,all,Dofu,Garbage
,Not Recommended,292730,33844587,Posted: 27 July,all,Mexicutiioner,Worst game optimizations ive seen ever on PC
,Not Recommended,292730,33899694,Posted: 30 July,all,Chemist,"Played 4 hours, would say 2 of those were spent watching cutscenes or the annoying little moments where you don't control your character. Also, I hope you love auto piloting in space!But seriously, had a bit of fun, luckily got this on a steep sale. Would not suggest paying more than 20 bucks for this. At least this one doesn't have female black SS troops!"
76561198310287632,Not Recommended,292730,33908369,Posted: 30 July,all,CmdrShepherd,game freezes up its not worth playing   i am ussing a 8350 amd cpu and a gtx 960 4gb  over clocked graphics card  and 990 fx killer fatatility board and have good cooling and liuquid cooling  and ample hard drive room  and have 2400 ram ddr 16gb.
,Recommended,292730,27769601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Axion,"Im saying go for it but not for retail cost. If you can find it cheaper on sale or on a steam key site then thats the best option. I personally think the game is better then Bo3. Weapons feel better and sound better too. Maps is where it isn't as great, there's a few good ones but maps like Grounded you might as well quit of the lobby (it's really bad) Variants opposite to what some people will say really aren't that pay to win, there's a few that are OP and should be nerfed but won't be sadly but with the default version of a gun you can easily win a gunfight against any variant, it's a matter of gunskill really. The games anti cheat is crap, utter crap, but if you can record a cheater and post it on the IWcheats reddit the chances of them getting banned are very high.The games campaign is fantastic, one  of the best campaigns i've played to be honest, if there was an option to just purchase the campaign i'd say 100% buy it. I haven't really played zombies much but it's very different from Treyarchs, much more arcade style but still fun. Game optimization is meh on PC, there are some problems but if you have hardwere above the min requirements you'll run the game fine, (warning for Nvidia users, latest drivers at the time of this review make the game run awful)Movement is much more fluid then Bo3's in my opinion also.The game is much more futuristic then any other futuristic cod made before it, theres energy weapons, you're in space, but if setting doesn't really matter to you the game is very fun. depending on how much you pay for it it might not be worth it, you have to ask your self what am i gonna play? just MP? or MP, campaign and zombies? depending on your answer to that you have to consider whats a good amount to spend on the game. Becuase honestly, retail for just MP with an average of 1200-1400 players, isn't worth it."
76561198315152733,Not Recommended,292730,33889068,Posted: 29 July,all,simon.blade81,"I actually liked the campaign,well the little I could play of it that it is.Non stop crashing and freeezing."
76561198389065940,Not Recommended,292730,33891630,Posted: 29 July,all,xxdieallx,very laggy even on 1080p tried everything nothing worked
76561198209065439,Recommended,292730,33883482,Posted: 29 July,all,adnan812003,great game and very good campaign. I would rate it 10/10.
76561198193050590,Not Recommended,292730,33883885,Posted: 29 July,all,OmegaGregar,crashes every time i play. i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,292730,33895231,Posted: 29 July,all,weenis,Refund button works well.
,Recommended,292730,33896367,Posted: 29 July,all,Free Yeezys,"This game would have a very enjoyable multiplayer, if other people actually played it. The story for this game was better than a lot of the other call of Duty games in my opinion as well. I am not a big fan of Call of Duty games anymore, not really since Black Ops 2 for the zombies, but this game wasnt bad, it is just lacking a player base."
76561198287792977,Not Recommended,292730,33908593,Posted: 30 July,all,hottamalesman,"i loved this game before the update now its stupid really beacause its 12,500 coins to get almost any character sorry but no im done playing now updates before i got over them u made ruckus look like a girl noway way to far c'mon man make this game better plzsincearly, your friend hottamalesman"
76561198302106596,Recommended,292730,33908864,Posted: 30 July,all,SHAM317,"This is a great game people judging it because it has the title Call of Duty and it doesn't fell like a COD game.  It is a great game. It is different from its predecessors, but that does not change the fact that it is a great game."
,Recommended,292730,30174764,Posted: 25 February,all,dcuk,QUAD FEED
,Not Recommended,292730,26422380,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fun1x,peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ where my snd mod.
76561198072960611,Not Recommended,292730,33937388,Posted: 31 July,all,Ophanim,"Purchased this game back in December. Played multiplayer immediatly and was flooded with hackers. I really wanted to enjoy this game.Wait months to see if infinity ward fixes cheat problem. Come maybe once a month to no avail.finally fed up ask steam for refund.Steam - You have played for more than 2 hours, No refund.Me - I waited for lobbies to open, had to deal with game crashes, and dealt with hackers and other major issues for months that wound up to give me up to 9 hours of play time. I have had absolutly no good time playing this game. Can't get a refund for a game that was broke from the start and has got worse over the last 7 months.BUT HEY YOU CAN PLAY WITH BOTSAND ZOMBIES BUT ITS SO BADLast time I give a DIME to any call of duty game without a solid month of good reviews and I know for a FACT that servers actually work and have an anti cheat system. I am out 70$ and I am upset with steam for not understanding why I ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,292730,33956790,Posted: 1 August,all,Bulldozer,This game sucks. The game wont even launch. Freezes at loading screen...
76561197970546102,Recommended,292730,33952978,Posted: 1 August,all,/MB\,"First of all, I only played the campaign.  I don't do multiplayer shooters anymore, I just don't have the spare cycles to suffer cheaters, delinquents, and map memorizers anymore.SummaryThe campaign was OK.  The game is plagued by too many ""howevers"" as you will see below.  If you're like me and only want the story campaign, then it's worth a go if $20 or less.  I got it on sale for $29, which I felt was slightly high for what I played.  My hours are off because I accidentally left it running all night one night.What I liked:I liked the fact that I could choose side missions from a mission map what I wanted to do, however, you are able to do almost all the side missions before doing the first campaign mission after becoming captain of your Space Carrier.  This almost completely caused a continuity disconnect with the story campaign.I liked the most wanted board and chose missions to hunt down these NPCs, however, the last 5 or 6 you never get to see the cards completed for reasons I can't get into for spolier reasons.I liked that the gear was 3D printed and you had to scan weapons you found to add them to your ship's database..however, it was obnoxious that the weapons you haven't scanned yet show up in the database and some of them you don't even encounter until you reach the point where you won't enter the armory again.I liked that there was customization of the weapon attachment and scopes, however, the limitations should be based on position of the attachment on the weapon, not the number of attachment slots in the UI.I liked that there was transition from FPS to Space Fighter and back again in the same mission, however, it was all scripted so there was always the ""guard rail"" feeling, though I think this is an issue present in the entire franchise.  You never really get to roam your entire ship though there is no reason in this engine that you couldn't aside from the developer's willingness to do so.  I know its not Star Citizen, but some freedom would be nice.Ethan was just great, no however here.What I just couldn't stand:The target locking pursuit thingy...nothing like it running you into enemy capital ships or asteroids all the time.Missiles...fairly pointless as the gun upgrades you get are pretty much all you need.The story gets a little too ham fisted with the ""burden of command"".The captain's computer is pretty much worthless."
,Not Recommended,292730,26486191,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Creepy Ostrich,Somehow even worse than both the online reviews and the trailer made it look.Minus infinity/2 expectation points
76561198039577865,Recommended,292730,33982446,Posted: 2 August,all,Flogger D,"Great game, never been much into multiplayer so I can't comment on that side but Single Player wise I loved it. Campaign was one of the Best so far and enjoyed everything from the locations and action of it to the characters. I only have about 8.6 on it which is about the time it took me to finish the Story. I do hope that people will give it a solid play both Single and Multiplayer."
76561198364106148,Not Recommended,292730,33948447,Posted: 1 August,all,DELTA Assualt,Please help i have just got this and it is unplayable it is very laggy.my laptop is a lenovo ideapad 310 intel core i5
76561198178483674,Not Recommended,292730,34126313,Posted: 9 August,all,Bullet,Garbage.
76561198145118769,Recommended,292730,34012920,Posted: 4 August,all,Memu Masturu,not very good optimization but everything else is fine
76561198010612160,Recommended,292730,26410811,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bjørn,"""Let's go to space!""* multiplayer:Did see out the window... I'm space... Didn't like it...The fighting was inside a base in space.+ It's broken. Much lags and full of cheaters.* The Campain:Very good like the others story mode. Maybe the best of them all. The spaceships and the other space stuff I miss in multiplayer.* Zombies:Same old, same old....Overall Score:6 Of 10."
76561198308661361,Recommended,292730,34027656,Posted: 4 August,all,yontellz,"Prior to playing this game I had NO experience with any First-Shooter Games or any Call of Duty Realted stuff. As a neutral and non-biased player I can say that I... 100% enjoyed what this game had to offer. The campaing was amazing, great story, relatable characters, and I felt immersed in the Infinite Warfare universe. I also enjoyed the Zombies, I played with a couple friends and we had a blast. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the multiplayer, I don't know if it was because I sucked at it and couldn't stay alive for 10 seconds or because of something else."
76561198063586560,Not Recommended,292730,34034035,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr. Blobby,"I bought the Digital Delux Edition of this game as i had high hopes Infinity Ward would make a rather enjoyable CoD game and in all honesty half of it is and half of it isn't. The multiplayer is the almost same as BO3 but with different gadgets and weapons. The servers are sh** and half the time i can't get into games for some reason, besides multiplayer is pretty much dead now and you rarely find maches. Zombies are a nice change from the previous CoD games as it take a much lighter and comedic approach to it but it gets boring after some time so in all honesty zombies are a meh. The campaign now is actually really fun, it has many cool features following the space theme of IW and it is well executed so a thumbs up for this one. Lastly the optimization and performance. Oh boy let me tell you the optimization is garbage. It crashes a lot, has low framerates but that is also dependant on hardware but the worst is that for me the game has become unplayable due to it freezing whenever i try to play a game of anything or when i try to change any of the options.Scores:Campaign 8/10Zombies 6/10Multiplayer 3/10Optimization 6/10Graphics 7/10Community 0/10(doesn't exist)Overall the game is only worth for the campaign and zombies in spaceland so if you decide to get this game, wait for a sale and grab the base game."
,Not Recommended,292730,34053919,Posted: 5 August,all,Sticks Wiener,"multiplayer has and will continue to suffer on the PC platform without dedicated servers. Takes too long to find a game and when I do, the lag is straight up unmanageable. Campaign is fine, it's always fine, but I haven't been able to enjoy multiplayer on here ever. Zombies is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ REALLY great zombie maps but horrible connections !"
,Not Recommended,292730,30143347,Posted: 24 February,all,god churf,can i refund the free weekend?
76561198055486751,Not Recommended,292730,34161165,Posted: 10 August,all,Meep,I rather play roblox than this...
,Recommended,292730,34399436,Posted: 21 August,all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker",campaign is pretty lit brozombies would be a lot of fun if I had more people to play withmultiplayer is very unforgiving to new players who don't pick up veteran player equipment
76561198024190144,Recommended,292730,34402628,Posted: 21 August,all,MetalHead,"I happen to really like IW. I know alot of ppl can't stand it, including my own son who is a CoD freak. They have been patching up most everything that comes there way butthere a couple things I dont understand why its not in the menu. For 1, We should be able to text chat in the lobbies. How hard can that be to add? 2, Why cant U put a number on the lobbies to see how many ppl are playing at any given time? These are simple things that were never adressed. Also, Im at the point of Having every single gun, every prototype and only missing 1 or 2 Mark  2's. I have 75,000+ salvage points just sitting there and accumalating more every day. Well I hope they figure out something like trading them in for XP...lol..That would be nice. Anyways ala in all I don't regret buying the game and I would recomend it to anyone who likes shooters :)"
,Not Recommended,292730,34437865,Posted: 23 August,all,TragicPig,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa halp
76561198000033765,Recommended,292730,34245160,Posted: 14 August,all,or3131,.
,Not Recommended,292730,34155102,Posted: 10 August,all,Martyrdope,Best Refund Request simulator ever 9/11
76561198054429663,Recommended,292730,30183083,Posted: 25 February,all,Exterminator,"I don't care how much people hate this game cause it's too futuristic and it's the same thing over and over again. Same old story blah blah blah. It's still Call of Duty. If you are experiencing lag problems like I did, i recommend you turn all the settings down to ""low"" and you should be able to play the game just fine especially for casual gamers who have slower video cards. well, not completely but it would lag alot less.  worked for me so perhaps it would work for you."
76561198135817235,Not Recommended,292730,34308918,Posted: 17 August,all,SeregeantSpurdo,I know what Im about to say is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t beacuse i havent played the game but the reason why I cant play the game is beacuse it crashes everytime i launch the campaing or multiplayer. Im shure that it isent beacuse of my pc specs cuz I have GTX 960 and an i5 7600. If someone knows why its not working send me a messega thx.
,Recommended,292730,34331933,Posted: 18 August,all,(╯°□°）╯,Not at all a bad game. However the pricing is totally bad. Avoid if you don't get any good discounts for this game. Otherwise its a good game. I enjoyed the single player. Its not as good as the MW series but its not bad either. The multiplayer is empty. Community has very less people. same can be said for the zombie mode too. But the zombie mode is fun if you have friends to play with.
76561198014569888,Recommended,292730,34491798,Posted: 25 August,all,Sgt-Hawker,"First, I went into this game with the negitive reviews in mind and also the positive ones as well.  So I looked at both point of views on this game.  I do not have the Season pass as there is no content for one to justify the money.Pros:GraphicsStoryacting/voice oversDifferent arena (Space)Neat weaponsCons:To short, would have loved more fighter time and even capital ship fightingSome custimization but not as much as there should be in game.Okay so my lists are small, but I do not play CoD for MP as I hate how many hackers there are in most of these games today, so i do not even bother anymore.  I actually enjoyed the game I liked the new arena of Space and bording ships etc...The only problem I had/have with this game is how short it is, The time I have as of this review is 34.8 hours and that is all side quests and main story done.  I don't care that much about steam achievements as they are like getting that ""Participation Trophy"" for sports.  If I get them great but I do not look for them nor do I really care that much.  I do have few but again, not my bag.I look at a game as did I have fun playing it?  Was it worth the money I spent on it to play Vs my time spent in game?  If both are answered in the yes, then I will recommend it, if one is not then I may still recommend it or not depending on how bad or game breaking it was.I did not encounter any bugs of note, and I have an older machine with a decent card and ram.  (Hoping Santa will bring me a new gaming rig)So, final verdict is a solid yes and I plan on replaying it on the hardest level.  If I encounter something during that run I will update my review and note any changes."
,Not Recommended,292730,34507104,Posted: 26 August,all,BuddaH LoC,"This game came in a bundle with Modern Warfare Remastered. I played Infinite Warfare first, and immediatly disliked the game. I dont wanna go to space, fly space ships and shoot at droids instead of humans. I've been playing Modern Warfare non stop ever since. I'm not saying Infinite Warfare is a bad game, its just not for me. I prefer land based, human on human warfare."
,Not Recommended,292730,30255291,Posted: 28 February,all,^5 david slayer,"Well... It's fun vs bots to me. Didn't play campaign very long, but, it's decent work for a company of new people-stooges that have no idea what they are doing. :p  - zombies is alright too.The multiplayer is useless, because: Either they use crappy P2P, the cheapest Hybrid, or dedicated servers in the world. Terrible matchmaking, whenever you are seen; you are dead instantly, no chance to fight back.*Good to me*Runs 10x better than crapops 3 for me. Every map loads instantly on ssd, and i keep maxfps 85 steady all the time, even when upsampling Resolution to 2k, every setting on highest except shadows, and depth of field garbage.I like the guns, and the map colors; they have improved dramatically since ugly, boring Ghosts.--------------------------------*The bad, and the ugly.*The netcode settings in ALL CoD games by default is STILL Dial Up year 2000 networking variables. ""/Snaps 20"" and ""/com_maxpackets 30"". They are called.The original Infinity Ward first implemented in CoD 2, their own netcode edit which gives people with worse connections the ability to see you before you see them. (dying behind walls, etc.) that used to be called a CVAR: ""/cl_antilag 1""---------------------------------------specs: i7 2600k, gtx 970, 12 gb ddr3 ram, crucial mx200 250gb ssd."
76561197963621541,Not Recommended,292730,26413762,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,xInFamousxK20,good single player but the online sucks AND has no players anyway
,Recommended,292730,34993745,Posted: 16 September,all,Bramblepie,"The campaign was amazing.Everything else is terrible, don't bother unless it's like £10."
76561198345956883,Recommended,292730,34803583,Posted: 7 September,all,Kurama,game is very good  but the only thing wrong with it is is the lack of the zombie maps you cant buyed them by themself or the map packsthey should add the map packs by them selfs
,Not Recommended,292730,34876660,Posted: 10 September,all,Fe4rless,"The campain is very good but is quite short. The zombies are okay but the multiplayer is very bad, i dont recommend this game if you only like cod for the multiplayer."
76561198031569253,Not Recommended,292730,26550580,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,El Solenya,"BLUF - 4/10Advanced Warefare + Black ops 3 = Infinite Warfare. This game is good...  Just not $60 good, though. Wait for a sale for around $40. A few things need to be pointed out, too:1 - No split screen2 - Campaign is alittle ""bleh""3 - Multiplayer is fun as usual, but...a. Waiting for as game to collect enough players can be time consumingb. When you do get into a running lobby, 1 out of 3 of your games will have a hacker/cheater in it; online experience isn't the bestAs I said before, it's a standard COD game, so wait for the sale(s) unless you're a die-hard fan. If you're into online MP matches, hope you have several grains of salt handy..."
76561198056835467,Not Recommended,292730,31745967,Posted: 14 May,all,Pistasheo,Wish there was an solo mode against bots for those of us who are disabled and can't play at the level of most people and still be able to rank up and earn things like everyone else
,Not Recommended,292730,27772899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Totenkopf,Developer are still using PSP server on this whole franchise. Got dan! Are you kidding me?.Please don't buy it you'll regret it.
