user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198268870465,Recommended,292910,32095012,Posted: 31 May,all,politic37,"For people who don't know what this game includes, It is a Trilogy game which includes:1- Deponia, (main Game).2- Chaos on Deponia.3- Goodbye Deponia.Because they were so lazy to add this in the Key Features section for some reason"
,Recommended,292910,17810437,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,itsAmatiramisu,"What I feel is essentially a love letter to the Point-and-Click adventures many of us grew up on, this game carries the same endearing cartoonish art, situational humor, and click-on-everything-you-see-until-something-happens gameplay that we've missed since we were kids. This game brought back the kind of magic and wonder and bemusement I haven't felt in ages, with a more mature dialogue that's more palatable for me as an adult.Seriously, I usually fill my reviews with jokes and sarcasm, but this I'm serious about. This game is worth a try, I recommend it to everyone, period, no matter what kind of games you're into."
76561198083852147,Recommended,292910,12823622,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,135dB of screaming cockatoo,"This is a game about Rufus. And how awesome Rufus is. And his heroism. And how he always gets the girl. And how Rufus DOESN'T spend most of the game running around clicking on things, strapping himself to giant sawblades, getting his teeth knocked out, annoying the hell out of his sadistic ex-girlfriend, accidentally giving away his family heirlooms, polluting the water supply, practicing necromancy on fish, sawing Goal's personality into three parts for a lollipop, making weird faces, and other things that a hero clearly would never do.Because Rufus is a true hero. This is a game about heroism. He didn't do ANYTHING mentioned above, and this certainly isn't an entire game trilogy about him doing those things."
76561198019696234,Recommended,292910,23985443,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,marmalada180,"A very weird game made by German developers. A point-n-click game with very offball humour. Main protagonist is a irreverent, self-centered, egotiscal scumbag. Most of the humour centers around the fact that Rufus is not very self-aware and the characters around him use every opportunity to make fun of him.You get 3 games in this collection. For the money, you get a very decent amount of playtime. Some of the puzzles can be a bit tough at times. If that doesnt put you off, I would recommend that you check this series out."
,Recommended,292910,13162472,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,pellaken,"To try to convince my mother to get this game, I described it as ""Monkey Island for the Modern Era"".I actually feel this game fits in with the humour style from the first 4 Monkey Island games better than the Telltale series does.It's truly a great game IMO and anyone who enjoyed Monkey Island (especially games 2 and 3) will enjoy this."
76561198059273072,Recommended,292910,17713297,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Twiggly,"For the first time, I'd actually enjoy my first point-and-click adventure. The story was great, the gameplay was smooth, and the music is top-notch. Although, the puzzles are a bit difficult for players to figure out. Overall the game is still great in my book. 9/10"
76561198024972696,Recommended,292910,15471426,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"With 41.8 hours on record, I just finished ""Deponia:  The Complete Journey"" with 100% Achievements.  I would have probably taken a tad longer, but I had played the first game in this compendium (""Deponia"") stand-alone somewhat earlier (so you can probably add eight or nine hours to my expected play).  As with the stand-alone version, I'm recommending this version (which, along with ""Deponia,"" includes ""Chaos on Deponia"" and ""Goodby Deponia).  The game play across all three games is pretty consistent:  a pretty good point-and-click game with very good art work, tongue-in-cheek humor, and good voice-acting.  The puzzle difficulty does vary across the games just a bit (I'd say the second game is a bit easier than the first, and the third game harder than the first two).  I've got three gripes with the game.  First, the protagonist, Rufus is a jerk.  If there were more character growth in him as the game progressed, I'd have been happier.  But, it's just sort of irritating to have him constantly do really wrong things at every turn for three games (he actually gets worse from game to game).  Second, as I mentioned, the third game is harder than the first two.  Unfortunately, it's hard enough that I had to resort to walk-throughs a lot (a LOT).  I don't mind getting stuck a couple of times in a game, but in the third game I was stuck most of the time.  And finally, I'm not very happy with the penultimate ending:  it's possible I'm interpreting it wrong, but it's pretty mean even with the one alternative interpretation I can come up with.  Even with those complaints, the game is still well-worth the price and time."
,Recommended,292910,15933042,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,<XCorps> Trigon,"My recommendation comes with a reservation for those on the fence.The artwork, story, music, gameplay, comedy and Deponia mythology are all top shelf. In fact it's so well-done I found myself occasionally feeling like the puzzles were a hindrance to the story. If puzzle solving is your primary interest then don't hesitate to buy these games, you should be very satisfied. If you ever feel like puzzles can be a nuisance then do NOT buy these games. If you're somewhere in the middle then buy the games and follow a guide whenever you feel like the pace has become stagnant.Besides pace I have two more critiques: it doesn't mention in-game you can double click destination arrows to insta-travel. I played for nearly an hour before discovering this. Achievement hunters take note: for better or worse (it's worse) this package bundles all 105 achieves across the 3 games into one set. So you're committed to ~30 hours of gameplay to get to 100%, and that will be for 1 perfect game not three.Overall I got more than a bargain for my $8 and would love more Deponia story/mythology, but perhaps in another format."
76561198094270424,Recommended,292910,16262920,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,МихаилZ,Thanks to developers for linux support!
,Recommended,292910,17870165,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,alessiocaleca,"I was very dubious on wether on not to buy this game. I've never been a point-click maniac.Boy, am I happy i gave this game a chance.This might as well be the best adventure game I ever played.Thanks for making this awesome game.Would recommend, three times."
,Recommended,292910,26640011,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"This is a set of the first three out of a four-game ""quadrilogy"" of point-and-click adventure games. They have silly but fun stories, a few memorable characters, some nice puzzles, and...some perplexing puzzles that mar the experience a bit. Over all, it's a good time and I do recommend these games, but don't expect to beat them without having to reference a walkthrough several times. I grew up playing point-and-click adventure games, yet I still had to look up solutions quite a bit, especially in the third game, ""Goodbye Deponia.""If you're interested, Deponia Doomsday is the fourth game, which is not contained in this pack. I really liked it as well, and would recommend it too, though you'll probably want to make sure you like the first three games, contained in this pack, before buying the fourth."
76561198077757088,Recommended,292910,32676352,Posted: 23 June,all,liquidmind,"A really good game with a fun story.You're put in the role of Rufus who tries to escape the trash-planet Deponia. Rufus is reckless, egoistical and prone to injury. In general a bad person. He'd literally sell a person into slavery for 5c and has no problem feeding orphans to slime-monsters. But here we are, the worst person on the planet trying to save the planet.Puzzles seem a bit un-intuitive at times and even looking up solutions didn't always tell me how I was supposed to figure it out on my own, but except for one or two I sincerely enjoyed them.Characters and humor are amazing. Having to stick with Rufus bad decisions sometimes feels painfully forced, but seeing the hilarious fails that come as a result totally makes up for it.Even with a little help from the interwebs, it took me almost 23 hours to complete the entire journey. Since I got it on sale, it was more than worth its price, but I think even the regular price is reasonable and fair. I had my fair share of laughs. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,292910,33606133,Posted: 17 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡JC,"Deponia: The Complete Journeyis the first 3 Deponia games combined which includes:Deponia,Chaos on DeponiaandGoodbye Deponia. If you buy The Complete Journey it will count as one game.(if you're a person that take notice of ""no. of games owned"").What made me want to puchase this isthe spectacular artworkbut it wasthe storythat kept me playing until the end.The Humorwas outstanding, the commentary was a great addition. I learned that the original language of course had special celebrity voice cameos and some german jokes but the English version was great nonetheless.The puzzles ranges from""Damn this is Clever""to""How the hell..."".Anyway I won't spoil anything, The other reviews will say the ending was bad but no. It makes me want to learn more about the whole lore of this game.Where to go from here? BuyDeponia Doomsday"
,Recommended,292910,23773208,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Awkward-Jess,"The plot, character design, voice acting, and overall game quality is all incredible! It's definitely a game that'll take some time to complete, but of course that means you get your money's worth out of it! It's amazing and funny and just overall a 5 star game!"
,Recommended,292910,11156231,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,lordlycastle,"Deponia Trilogy is one of my favourite adventure games, it’s got original characters, great voice acting and music, and amazing humour; sometimes quite offensive too. Which is, of course the best kind, because let’s be real its almost always funny when someone gets hurt. If you haven’t played the trilogy before, then I recommend you buy this package, if you enjoy point-and-click adventure games at all. You will not be disappointed, the story is very heart touching and emotional, with many unexpected plot twist, and surprising comic moments.If you enjoyed playing the trilogy before, and would like to visit Deponia one more timebefore it may or may not be blown up, I would still say you get it because you should be getting a -90% discount (-30% for each I believe), and there are other content in the game like new puzzles, developer commentary and better game flow, also bonus content like additional soundtrack, art books, paper craft etc. Not only that the developer commentary is quite amusing, and interesting to listen to. You will find out what other idea the dev team had, and how could the game have been different if they have implemented some other ideas. Also I find it more fun playing this game the second time because first time I would not know what to do sometimes and would have to consult a guide.Huzzah - I am out now. Goodbye!"
,Recommended,292910,32596341,Posted: 20 June,all,Darklorel | Yuzuki,"Deponia: A good point and click gameIts pretty immersive and deserves more attention.It contains:DeponiaChaos on DeponiaGoodbye deponiaIt may look like I only played abit, but I just play it often offline.Pros:Nice UIImmersive8/10 StoryThe developer comments are worth itFunny and FunBreaking of the fourth wallCons:Several bugsYou actually wil extend playtime by a few hours if you dont look up guides.The first game is very shortRecommended"
,Recommended,292910,17813466,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kyizon,"Deponia is a point and click adventure game where you follow Rufus as he tries to reach Elysium, a so-called paradise. Embark on a journey to find love, reach your ""goal"" and save his home from destruction.PROS:-Related characters-Great visuals-Fun for all ages (I'm serious, kids will enjoy the story while a  more mature audience will enjoy more of the jokes)-Protagonist goes through an actual character arc-Good soundtrack-MinigamesCONS:-Limited soundtrack, can get boring listening to same tune if stuck on a puzzle-Some audio bugs-Minigames are fun, but they don't give a you clear instructions while playing them-Weird solution to puzzles (Not all the time)In the end, 10/10. Would play entire thing again just to take in the developer commentary."
76561198025439293,Recommended,292910,21141582,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mahaloth,"Deponia: The Complete Journey is a really good game and is highly recommended to anyone who enjoys adventure games. I'd give it a 7/10.Pros:+ Very lengthy and worth the price - ~30 hours+ Hilarious most of the time+ Excellent voice acting+ Some very nice puzzles+ Well thought out worldCons- Puzzles can be obtuse- Mini-game puzzles are mainly terrible- Main character can be too much of a jerk to be likable- Unsatisfying ending to seriesThis is the closest to a Monkey Island game we have had in quite some time(well, other than Tales of Monkey Island). It's nice to see a company that continues to make adventure games, a genre that is still active, but less so than in the past.Other than some incredibly obtuse and unsatisfying puzzles, the majority of the game is  a lot of fun. I laughed, thought hard, solved puzzles, and had a smile on my face most of the 30 hour playtime.I paid $6 for this game it was worth every penny. It has its drawbacks, but its positives far outweigh the negatives."
,Recommended,292910,14169099,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hamakei,"Wow. Have I really spent 47 hours playing this game? Guess it's longer than I thought it was!*cough* Anyway, by now you've probably heard some things about these games, about how the creators are the ""German Lucasarts"" [which seems a bit unfair given there isn't an American Lucasarts any more] and how the ending actually goes back in time and makes the game suck retroactively.Well, I for one really enjoyed these games. There was a good balance between outright comedy and drama, the twists and turns of the plot keep you guessing right until the end, and there is actually some good character development. [With the exception of Cletus: I still don't know what that guy's after]. The design and animation is top-notch, and it seems to be impossible to get stuck or killed [with one exception, but you are warned several times!]If I'd have just played the first game, I'd be a little more hesitant. I found Rufus to be a bit of a jerk and rather unlikeable, the backgrounds pretty though mostly static, and the puzzles largely illogical. Oh, and the game seemed to suffer from the same problem that Simon the Sorcerer did. It thinks it's funnier than it is.However, these niggles are mostly fixed in the second and third games. Rufus actually undergoes some character development, and whilst he is largely out for himself, he does have a bit more compassion. The scenes are overflowing with little background events, birds [well, platypuses] flying, water ripping, flags blowing in the wind etc. The humour seems a litlte more restrained thanks to the intrusion of some well-placed drama [seriously - these games have some rather dark moments if you're not expecting them], and the puzzles.. well... it could just be that you need to adjust to their way of thinking but they started to make a lot more sense.The creators do seem to have made point-and-click adventures their ""thing"", and rather than Telltale who seem to have rounded all the corners off and made their games simpler for a new generation, Deponia is aimed squarely at people who enjoyed these games when they were in their heyday. That doesn't mean they're old-fashioned though. The control interface is reasonably straight forward, the games are gorgeous (did I mention that?), the voice acting is excellent and the music is..well, it's alright. You can switch it off if it gets on your nerves.As for the ending? Well, without meaning to spoil things too much, I can see why it's divisive, but I'm pleased that the developers didn't simply go for a ""all the loose ends get tied up, the good guys live happily ever after and the bad guys get what they deserve"" ending. Sure it's bittersweet, but why not? This game isn't for young children, you should be able to handle it.I'm not going to compare the game to Monkey Island. Just because it's a point-and-click game doesn't mean it has to be like a Lucasarts game. It's not as wacky as Cokel's Gobliiins series, nor is it as serious as The Dig. Perhaps it's more like Sam and Max, with the gleefully anti-social protagonist. Regardless, if you like point-and-click games and want something with a good storyline and hours of gameplay, it's difficult to go wrong with this. And it is worth getting ""The Complete"" because besides giving you a discount, it also links the games together and gives you other bonus items as well. And it runs on Linux. Which is excellent."
76561198011771592,Recommended,292910,18832248,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tiitha,"This game is hilarious and I love the animation and characters! I would not recommend it to people who are heavily politically correct due to the dark humor, but otherwise I think most people would get a good chuckle out of the trouble Rufus gets himself into."
,Recommended,292910,22823795,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,VaciVt,"Deponita The Complete Journey is a bundle of the three Deponia games; Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia. I recommend to buy this rather than the seperate three, especially when on sale.This is a point and click adventure with a long gameplay (30 hours for me even by reading the walkthrough). The puzzles are mostly great and hard (lots of try and error) and some of it might been just plain...weird. Voice acting are great, characters are fun and memorables, dialogues too. Oh and the story, while might been expected to be obvious at first, have a lots of twist even to the very end.If you like this kind of game, you won't dissapoint. A few crude and offensive jokes here and there but I can ignore it (some might not!). Now allow me to go continue my journey by playing the new Deponia Doomsday."
,Recommended,292910,23705969,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,French Nougat,"An amazing game... Got me tearing up at a few points, and laughing most of the time! Throughout the journey, you get acquanted with these characters with so much personality and magic to them, this game has really been a pleasure to play. The storyline is written in an unpredictable way (possibly related to the fact that it's focused around Rufus??? Nahhhhh...), that truly leaves everything to a surprise. Sometimes, clicking on the last option possible was tough and heartbreaking, but it lead to a truly great game.The puzzles could get super tough, but sometimes looking up a written walkthrough and looking at the single important step I missed helped out a lot and didn't take away from the gameplay at all. If you get stuck, I really recommend the gameboomers' written walkthrough, which presents extremely little spoilers.I'm impatient to play Deponia Doomsday!! (Obviously waiting for summer sales!)Also:-Oooorganooooonnnnnnnn - OOOoooo - oooorgannooooooooonnnnnn"
76561198048846939,Recommended,292910,12106200,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,leafar1,Next to Star Wars and Lord of the Rings one of the greatest triologies of our time.
,Recommended,292910,22860380,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mauve-,If it's stupid and it works it ain't stupid.P.S. This game is harder than my engineering class.
76561198011967833,Recommended,292910,34641773,Posted: 31 August,all,Aotrs Commander,"I bought the trilogy recently in the sales, and it was a good 35-hour playthrough (that was a good start - for that sort of time, I could have paid full price and been happy). I very throughly enjoyed it and easily would put it on a level with the likes of the best of Monkey Island, Sam and Max and Hector Badge of Carnage.The songs that introduce each act is gloriously catchy.Difficulty-wise, I only occasionally had to resort to a walkthrough (but that's been true of literally every point-and-click game I've ever played!), but on the whole, the puzzles made sense, and even the walkthrough-bits was either that one thng I'd just missed somewhere or made perfect sense in hindsight. (I think there was only one puzzle in the entire trilogy I would have said was a little bit obscure, but even that is debatable.) There's a lot of variety, with little minigames and a few gimmicks that keep it all very interesting and the world and characters are charming.I feel I should comment on the ending, as it is a contentious point I saw in the other reviews; I didn't have a problem with it myself and felt it was fitting. I can't - shouldn't - say more than that, but we're not talking ME3-levels or anything here, in my opinion.Overall then, I can definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,292910,29372679,Posted: 20 January,all,Shambanation,"I will start bu saying, this game was my first return to point-and-click adventures since playing Pajama Sam as a kid. I am by no means loyal to any genre of game, but boy! oh! boy! has this ignited a flame within.I have never in my life been so engrossed in a game, as attached to it's characters, or ridden such an emotional roller coaster. This series had me belting out the loudest laughs, straining my brain in puzzles, dropping my jaw in awe and crying like a little girl who's pet kitty just died. I immediately purchased and played the fourth installment 'Deponia: Doomsday' and even now I am eternally hoping for more installments.I honestly could not recommend these games enough."
76561197999956908,Recommended,292910,24138949,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Agent Zirdik,"I'm a huge fan of Monkey Island, Myst, and Sam & Max, so I confess my guilt and confusion that Deponia flew entirely under my radar for a long time.However, upon a friend's recommendation, once I sat down to play it, I didn't stop until I'd finished the entire trilogy.The reasons why it absorbed me are easy to identify: Story, World, and Characters.The Story is fairly standard at a glance. It's about a self-centered antihero who thinks he deserves a better lot in life who by the end begrudgingly helps to save the world he so desperately wants to get away from. But escalating complexities in each character's conflicting motivations leaves you never quite sure who to root for, or who even to trust. Ultimately, it's a story about how people learn to tolerate each other.The World is perhaps even more compelling. On the surface, it appears to be a mix of steampunk, science fiction, post-apocalypse. The setting bounces between the garbage planet Deponia and the the floating utopia Elysium, and sets up a class struggle between them. But there's also a message about prejudice in the way it demonstrates the vibrancy and resilience of people who eke out a living among garbage, or the complacency that breeds in sterile environments.The Characters, however, made this game entirely. I said that it was a story about how people learn to tolerate each other, and to clarify, it's a story about people, none of which are innocent of selfishness or short-sightedness. But most of all, it's about how we as the player can learn to tolerate our antihero protagonist. And conversely, antagonists who seemed to be cut-and-dry evil begin to show more nuance. Even the female lead and romantic interest, who seems to be the moral touchstone and voice of reason behaves in strange ways that contradict her character.Ultimately its cartoon animation and colorful art belies its deeper adult themes, partly because the characters are wonderful and hilarious, and partly because you have to cope with all the things you've done to them."
,Recommended,292910,19797111,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,kmhardy09(DOMO)™,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥yes. I poured many many more hours into this then what it shows. It's funny, clever, and story rich. There are times where you hate charcaters. There are times when you love characters. Either way all of the characters have personallity, and some depth. Some puzzles are hard and stupid, but then you get this aha moment and it all makes sense. DON'T RAGE QUIT FROM A PUZZLE! Just find a guide and use it. I highly recommend it for all of the right reasons. I personally cried from the ending."
76561198005376543,Not Recommended,292910,13991232,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[SC.BO] Ninja,"The Deponia Complete Journey is a point-and-click adventure in the style of the LucasArts games. Visually it looks really nice and the simple interface which exposes only one generic ""Look"" and one generic ""Interact"" commands works pretty well.You play as Rufus, a guy living on a planet completely submerged in trash (Deponia). Rufus is obsessed with reaching the legendary city of Elysium which smiles at deponians from up high in the sky. He soon gets involved with a girl called Goal and from that the plot will develop into a huge race to save the world.Positive things about this game:- Visually pleasant- Dev commentary somewhat interesting- Simple usable interface, with nice touches like middle-mouse button to highlight all interactable objects- Quite funny (in the beginning)- There are a lot of minigames in the game (expecially in the first chapters, there are very few in Goodbye Deponia, the last serie of chapters), most of them are quite fun.Negative things about this:- Okay, what was funny the first 2 times, is not funny the other 27475323234852472372434723520392074238947 times.- A lot of puzzles don't make any sense at all. You get them either by coincidence or exclusion. You have to constantly resort to trial and error combining items with interactables.- The game does very often a terrible job at hinting at what is the next action to take. They have added a ""Chapter Log"" in the Complete Journey edition which is supposed to give you hints as to what to do next and on how to accomplish things but it's ludicrously useless. Example of log entry with related hint: ""You need to put [nospoiler] to sleep"" - hint: ""Find something to make [nospoiler] sleep"". OH THAT'S REALLY HELPFUL THANKS.- A LOT of puzzles make sense only after you have solved them (by chance or by getting fed up and looking at a walkthrough).- The game forces you to make decisions which as a player you actively do not want to make in a lot of crucial moments.- The ending is a MASSIVE disappointment, after a huge buildup and many hours of gameplay you are rewarded with so little that your entire game experience feels _completely pointless_. If you have played Mass Effect 3, it's the exact same kind of questionable story choice: you have spent hours on this game buuuuut we don't really care we are just forcing you to take our very ""art-sy"" ending and if you don't like it that's your problem.If the ending had not been so INCREDIBLY BAD, I would have recommended this game. Sadly, the wrap-up of the story is so terrible that it _completely_ ruined my enjoyment of the game. It's a fun journey, even if it's a very frustrating one at times, but when you reach the end you are clearly expecting certain things to happen... and they don't, at all. It's so bad that it does not even follow its own logic, it's pretty much as terrible as Mass Effect 3 from this perspective.Shame really, but save your money and spare yourself from a colossal disappointment. You will actively feel robbed of the time you spent playing the game."
,Recommended,292910,33058652,Posted: 30 June,all,MagicMaster667,"This became one of my all-time favourite games that I have ever when the story started picking up pace--and when the jokes and superb writing/voiceacting starts to charm you(Probably the series strongest appeal, the humour) --then twisting and turning andjust uuugghI want to talk about it but I wouldn't DARE ruin it for anyone who tries giving it a shot.A very strong recommend.I wouldn't class this as ""homework"", like a Mario, Metroid Prime or Crash Bandicoot that everyone wouldneedto play in thier lifetime.** But:Definetively try this one out sometime in your gaming life.Just... Don't be afraid to use a guide or walkthrough for the puzzles if you get stuck. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)**I mean it like how SomecallmeJohnny said it in his review ofPsychonauts:Johnny vs. Psychonauts - (Qoute at: 6m39s)or if you wanna get all those achievments and find those secrets and the whatnot I 'unno, I guess that's worth your time too. I mean, there's alot of achievments is that's your thing I mean *hehe*..."
,Recommended,292910,13302082,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Out of Time Units,"It's a point-and click adventure game from Germany, in the grand tradition of Space Quest and Leisure Suit Larry. The interface is crisp, and the puzzles are generally variations of ""talk to this guy, use this thing, combine these objects."" That having been said, it's got a weird sense of humor that reminds me of the old school Sierra adventures, complete with a dude with a heavy German accent playing a folk song introduction to each chapter.WARNING: Some of the humor, especially in the middle and third chapter, can get rather. . . ""Dead Baby"" ish. The only ones that really upset me in the end are a series of horrible things you end up doing to people in the third game in order to pursue a quest that turns out to have been pointless the entire ttime. (And then there were the baby dolphins. :( ) Plus a few moments of grossout humor here and there, mostly based around the fact that the game is set on a garbage planet with all that entails.The main character is kind of a jerk who is saved from being an outright antihero simply because there are a few lines that he won't cross. He spends most of his time being a self-centered jerk who mooches off of other people, steals everything that isn't nailed down, and screws people over left and right in pursuit of his own goal and Goal. So in other words, he's an adventure game hero.Gameplay wise, there are a few puzzles which are completely incomprehensible without a walkthrough or guide. Par for the course for an adventure game, of course, but after playing a few Telltale Games adventures, the older model of ""point and click trial and error"" gameplay feels a bit dated. One Godsend: the more irritating puzzles include a ""skip"" option that will allow you to pass the puzzle without completing it, if you get frustrated and just want to go on to the next part of the plot.One huge pet peeve: ""F5 IS QUICK SAVE. F9 IS QUICK LOAD."" This is the mantra that most game makers use. This is because it means that there is a minimum chance of accidentally bumping the other button and either saving over your game when you didn't mean to, or quick loading when you didn't want to. Deponia uses ""F9 FOR QUICK SAVE, F10 FOR QUICK LOAD."" This cost me a bunch of progress at one point when I accidentally bumped the F10 key when I realized I'd gone a while without saving and tried to quick-save.All in all, I enjoyed it, I was glad I played it. Supposedly there's a New Game Plus mode, and some collectables you can pick up, but I don't think I have the desire to revisit this game any time soon: nothing against it in general, just that linear adventure games tend not to be as fun the second time around.Pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,292910,13961419,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,cirogt,"To start of with the good things, the art in the game is beautiful and full of details, the music and voice acting are also very good and despite what I'm going to say further in the review the game has its funny moments.Now to why I don't recommend this game, It's a point & click adventure game, therefore its gameplay is based on solving puzzles, mini-games and talking to people, It would be very good if the puzzles made sense at least 50% of the time, but they don't, you are forced to waste in a seemingly endless process of trial and error and frustration.Another problem is the relationship between the main character(Rufus) and his love interest(goal), see the thing is, they don't have enough interaction to actually have a believable romantic relationship, goal spends most of her time incapacitated,brain damaged, split into three personalities, dead or as a child, all of which were cause by Rufus.Refuse's personality is also a problem, at first you think he is goofy and misunderstood and you actually like him, but then he keeps screwing up and doing despicable things, as you progress in the game you notice that he's just incredibly selfish, he only wants to save the world so to that people will call him a hero, he deliberately destroys peoples lives and put them in danger to get his way, in time you start to dislike Rufus and his relationship with Goal becomes incredibly unbelievable.I normally love dark humor, but sometimes even humor has limits, killing baby dolphins and turning them into cat food made me cringe but I let that pass, as I let a lot of other things pass,his sexism for example, now when Rufus sells the only black woman in the game into slavery and then makes her dress and dance as a monkey, yeah a monkey, before he did that almost delivered 4 children to a pedophilechild Goal includedthen proceeds to masturbate said pedophile with a inked paper and shows the did*k imprint to the 4 children, doing that made me fell disgusted, the game gives you no choice to avoid that, unless of course you quit and uninstal the game."
,Recommended,292910,14367477,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AccelaSeven Twitch,"This is an amazing, hilarious, immensely frustrating game.  In case it is not particularly obvious by the trailer, most of the gameplay involved is walking amongst various ""screens"" where you can interact with the items, collect things, combine them, and use them to solve interesting puzzles.  The world is beautifully drawn and the puzzles are challenging to be sure.  Some of the puzzles will cause you to tear your hair out, mainly because you missed the one tiny item on that one screen that you did not realize you were supposed to click, or how a puzzle has to be solved bychanging a menu setting.  But beyond those insanely frustrating moments, when you finally do figure it out, you are rewarded with a wonderful story and a feeling of achievement.By the way, I HIGHLY recommend playing with the Developer's Comentary.  Poki is a fantastic lad and will tell you all about the development process, the difficulties, and make you truely appreciate this game.  Plus, he sings some pretty great songs."
,Recommended,292910,15255758,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ms. Cinnamon,"This game taught me something:1. Life is hard2. Life is not always fair3. The things you need are always when you least imagine.I really love this game, nice interface, nice story, hard af, so funny and a really good gameplay.I'm just disagree about the end but... Guess what? Deponia Doomsday!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,292910,13310433,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Smasheroonie,"This is a review for the English version of the game.Deponia: The Complete Journey was fun for 99% of the time I played it. Few issues with voice lines when characters go from one sentence to another. Otherwise I've seen one minor glitch that caused the player character to move into the background but I fixed it by talking to a frog, naturally.The game has plenty of tough puzzles and good story points and progression, as any game of this genre should have. I like the art style, and the music, although a bit repetitive, is good too. The voice actors were fantastic and fit each character perfectly. Easy to use systems as well that prevent any sort of unneccessary tedium.I sunk 30 hours into this game as of my writing this while doing only one playthrough so far, which were all very entertaining. I recommend getting this if you are really craving a good point-and-click adventure.Edit 01/03/2016: Deponia Doomsday has just been released, the fourth installment in the series. This addition was totally unexpected, and as such my major gripe with the game, the ending, is no longer relevant. Therefore, Deponia: The Complete Journey receives a total recommendation from me."
,Recommended,292910,16304573,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 85%If you haven’t bought the Deponia trilogy, the Complete Journey is the best option to experience this famous, not so child-friendly, but in the end quite enjoyable adventure game about a very egotistical protagonist and his struggles to save and/or leave his home planet.Long version:Deponia: The Complete Journey adds very little to those who already played the trilogy as separate games– it is nothing but a merged version of them. But it is excellent for those who are new to the world of Deponia or want to play the whole story without interruptions (if we don’t count the tutorials, since they were left in there for all three parts).On the surface, the story is about the struggles of the protagonist, Rufus, and his plans to escape the titular Deponia planet, so he can join the upper society of Elysium. But, looking closer, it is more of a tale of a very egotistical man who uses everyone to his advantage; not because he is evil, but because he honestly thinks he is doing the best for everybody by trying to do the best for himself. The result is not only some slapstick gold, but also excellent dialogues and character synergy between Rufus, his newfound love (Goal from Elysium), and all the others who help them or try to stand in their way.The characters and the dialogue are the strong points of Deponia, even though the plot suffers from a few problems. It tends to get sidetracked all the time, and as the games progress, the number of plot holes and abandoned story threads increase drastically.As a point ‘n’ click game, it shows an interesting difficulty curve: it starts off mild, then ramps it up to almost early 90s levels, only to end in some poorly designed or medium level puzzles. This creates a mixed bag for the Complete Edition, but a good bag nonetheless."
,Recommended,292910,22267282,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jero,"Deponia: The NOT-SO-COMPLETE-ANYMORE journey contains three of the now four Deponia games. You play as Rufus. A stupid, selfish, arrogant, sexist, possibly racist tinkerer prick who's tired of living on his garbage homeworld called Deponia and would rather spend his life on Elysium, a paradise where the elite resides high above the clouds. Will he reach this destination? There's like three games and all of them are named after the junk planet he's trying to escape from so your guess is as good as mine. Rufus at first I thought was going to be a generic point 'n click main character. The selfish, anti-social a-hole who is hated by everyone and will do anything to accomplish his goals, but still has a heart of gold yadda yadda, but this isn't the case. While he definitely has an arc throughout the entire collection, I feel that Rufus is a more of a unique character than most protagonists. He's essentially the mondern Guybrush Threepwood, but he's actually a bad person who will never think things through and hurts loads of people regardless of whether they deserve it or not. Sure, he sometimes does good things or at least tries, but the only reason he even would go through with it is for selfish reasons and I kind of like that. The game bursts with character. Rufus could nod and it will get a chuckle out of me. If you miss the old funny lucasarts point and clicks then you should definitely get this game.If you're familiar with the genre then you know that this can only mean one thing: MOON LOGIC. You know the drill! This means you have to seduce all three personalities of one lady who all want you to do a different thing and one of them wants a romantic dinner, but the only decent restaurant in town serves disgusting platypus so that needs to go off the menu which means you gotta hatch all these eggs so each kind of platypus will protect their babies and they won't be turned into platypus dinner, but to hatch the eggs you need finish all these minigames, but to even get all that information you need to be a member of the official platypus club and get the official platypus guide for dummies which means you need a membership card, but it can only be found in fortune cookies, but we have no money to order any food and OH MY GOD WE STILL HAVE TO DO THE OTHER TWO OW MY HEAD.It's pretty bad. The second game is the worst at this as the ridiculousness starts right away while the first and second installment increase the complexity gradually. Heck, it's only one where you can actually have a FULL inventory. That's just cruel, but honestly, if the game keeps throwing my humourous situations like these then I don't really mind and in all fairness, they leave in enough hints to give you an idea what you're supposed to be doing. It can be really fun to try and figure these things out. Even then you usually have a always helpful to-do-list that helps you keep track of your goals whenever you get sidetracked by another crazy situation. Even getting stuck or trying to combine random inventory items or something dumb like that will at least lead to a funny line every once and a while and when you do succeed you'll get rewarded with more plot.Though I have to admit, the first game is the weakest in this case. You've got the standard complex puzzles, but not a lot of pay off to make up for it. The second half doesn't have as many characters to talk to as the first which results in less laughs. The first game is just there to mostly sets up the universe and there's very little accomplished with each action especially compared to the later games. Oh and the ending is terrible and I can only describe as mood whiplash, because I don't want to spoil it. So I'm glad that there's a fourth game that adds another layer to it that makes it work.The music is good, though the looping is easy to get on your nerves especially in the first game because they remix the same song three times and god forbid you get stuck for more than fifteen minutes trying to figure out how to progress. It's maddening. The graphics are great. Backgrounds look beautiful, but unfortunately objects that you can interact with occasionally blend in with the rest. There is a feature that highlights items of importance, but the game never informs you of this.The character designs are great too. They're very expressive and unique. The animation isn't bad either, but noticeably limited. Sometimes characters won't move their lips when they talk or will look just weird like for example having this comfortable walking animation for a scene that's supposed to be running away from danger.So if you're fan of funny Point 'n click games, get this one unless you don't like offensive humour in which case might I recommend Tim Schafers Broken Age a game FOR BABIES. NO. REAL MEN PLAY THIS EIGHTEEN HOUR LONG GERMAN POINT 'N CLICK VIDEO GAMEING SERIES YOU SCHWEINHU-oh also the singing is weird. I don't get any of it."
,Recommended,292910,23878018,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xenoxidos🤔,I got a medical prescription for a noose.10/10Love this game's humor
,Not Recommended,292910,14062928,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tgsid2001,"Wow... Just finished the game. Just wow...This game has been tormenting me to finish it from the moment I started playing. I'm not a huge fan of point-and-click adventure games, only because I don't have much experience with them. I've maybe played a few scenes of ""The Secret of Monkey Island,"" and I finished the first installment of The Fall. But that's it. So buying this game on sale was sort of my way of trying something new, so take that into consideration.Well ok then, on to the review.THE GOOD:The Art & SoundThe look of the game is phenomenal. It's got a great style and has lots of detail. The music and voice acting are pretty good in my opinion. Most of the music is fairly catchy and atmospheric. The voice talent did a great job, too.Great Characters and SettingI really enjoyed the setting and the depth of the characters right away. Whoever was in charge of character development and scripting did a truly phenomenal job! It really added to the overall level of immersion... which brings me to another great point.Immersive and Thought Provoking StoryFrom the moment I started playing I was immediately sucked into the world of Deponia: I wanted to know who these people were, who Rufus was and why and how he was trying to get out. This was why I bought the game in the first place: to hear a great story. And the game was certainly great and dramatic and philosophical in its places. And it was the game's great writing that kept me coming back to find out what happens... even when its puzzles frustrated me into a blind rage almost every time I played! Speaking of frustrating...THE BADUser InterfaceSo, I'm not an expert in Point-and-Click type games, but my experience with the UI was incredibly frustrating. The issue I ran into repeatedly was sometimes you could interact with an item from across the map and Rufus would just walk over to it and use it. Other times the item map would say there's an item I could interact with, but I couldn't actually interact with it until I transitioned (via some other item) into a certain area of the scene. It was a little issue, but it cropped up everywhere. And when you're desperate to use your item inventory on *something* and the game doesn't give you the hint to move over a few inches, it really starts to wear on your nerves.The PuzzlesBecause they were such a HUGE annoyance, I break them down into 3 categories:[::Absurd Puzzles::]HOLY CRAP the INSANITY! 5 minutes into he game I groaned as I had to find a way to 'lure' my suddenly animated toothbrush out of a dark hole it was hiding it. WTF am I supposed to do with that? I get that I'm new to Point&Click games, but seriously? What sort of logic am I supposed to use to find the answers to these puzzles when they're this absurd? I guess they were supposed to be funny, but when you've been running in circles for an hour looking for an answer, the laughter dries up fast.[::Obscure Puzzles::]Often times I found I had to use an object for something completely other than it's typically intended function. Again, earlier in the game there was a loose plank of wood I had to remove, and despite the fact that I had several different objects that would be good for prying it loose, I needed one specific item that one would not normally think to use. There were several times where I was stymied because, despite there was some straightforward problem in front of me and I was fully equipped to deal with it (say, opening a car door?) I had to hunt around for a different item or trigger some obscure chain of events in order to beat it. Which leads me to...[::Pointless Puzzles and Auto-Fail Puzzles::]Sometimes you'd go through a total nightmare trying to solve a particular puzzle, only once you finally complete it, the puzzle wasn't narratively important to the story. Or that you failed anyway (despite finishing the puzzle in the game) and are forced to deal with the following consequences. It really undercut the feeling of agency in the game, making it seem like you're just going through the motions until you can get the next snippet of plot.Which segues perfectly into the next section.THE UGLYRufus the SociopathI hated playing as Rufus. Not only do I not like playing as a callous @$$h013, but it actually made the first chapter of the game seem more difficult to complete because no one trusted you. And while I'm sure that was the intent for story purposes and to facilitate creative puzzle solving, it really made it hard to sympathize with the main character. This trend continued for the majority of the game as you single handedly use, abuse and sell out all the other characters around you to get what you want. And just when you think he'll change, he doesn't. But only because the script said so.DialogueDialogue in the game is fairly useless. It sometimes informed you about the setting, but most of the time it was a means of explaining (in the vaguest terms) how to solve a puzzle or a sad attempt at humor. And don't be fooled by the different ""moral"" dialogue options. There were SO MANY times I tried to make a different choice, but be assured; there is only ever one choice.Rail-RoadingThe player is given a lot of “choice” as to how they may proceed, what moral choices they might make or what things they might say. These are all red herrings. There is only ever one way: the Game's Way. This holds true for dialogue, for puzzles and especially for the ending. This was particularly frustrating to me as I have been raised on such RPG games as Fallout, Elderscrolls, Bioshock, Deus Ex... games where choices mean something.And don't get me wrong, I don't mind games that lead you by the nose... but typically those games don't give you options when none exist. So the experience of being given a screenful of dialogue choices (typically at least 6 or 7) where there was only one choice that allowed the game to progress was excruciating. This was also the case for many puzzles. Sometimes a puzzle could have been solved by brute force, or creative use of an inventory item you already had. But unless it was*that kind of puzzle*you were forced to keep doing things until you found the way the game had intended you to beat the puzzle. SO FRUSTRATING.The EndingI'm not going to say much for respect for spoilers, but it really did leave a sour taste in my mouth. Under other circumstances the ending would have been fine. As I said earlier, there was a lot of great writing that went into the game. A lot of the circumstances had a great moral tension to them. And one of the key driving forces of the game is watching your efforts unfold and hoping that they'll be enough to ensure success.But because of the Rail-Roading that's prevalent throughout the entire game, the ending doesn't feel like the consequence of an action or choice... I'm merely along for the ride, listening to the story someone wrote, despite the fact that I have been fed the illusion that I have a choice. So the ending felt wrong, only because I wasn’t free to choose it. Like everything else, it just happened that way.Overall, it has all the seeming of an epic game with multiple endings, but it isn't. The storyline is as linear as the frustrating gameplay."
76561198053309258,Not Recommended,292910,13315047,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Keller,"My opinion of this game went up and down throughout this game. It went from simple fun, to obsession, to hatred for Rufus, interest again, and finally confusion about what I should think about the end.At first it was amusing, and then the puzzles got interesting and I only pulled myself away when the sun started to come out. All the hours I put into it was in the span of 4 days. The puzzles really made me like the game for a while.Then I started getting tired of Rufus. He is such a dumb ♥♥♥♥ing idiot, I still hate him. At some point the clumsy egotistical screwball isn't funny anymore. In the end though, the story changed my perspective about him.The ending changes the perspective for the whole game, and I ended up confused about whether I should like it or not. Just the ending defines whether the whole game was worth it as a whole, and I'm not sure if it was. It's not straight good or bad, it just leaves a stressed out question mark in my head. I don't think that's a good reaction to have after such a long journey.I guess all I can say is that it's not a slam dunk. I don't think it necessarily deserves a thumb down, but there's so many thumbs up I think it needs a few down.  If you want to try something new, if you like this sort of thing, if you have time to kill, go ahead. Just don't expect that feeling of satisfaction at the end."
76561198177053009,Recommended,292910,22728636,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tangaloor5,"HIghly recommend. Loved the story and characters. Many of the puzzles were not logical in the least so you may find yourself having to look up what to do next, but no more than in other comedic point and click adventure games. To get all the achievements you will almost definitely have to look them up. Personally, I found the ending fit very well with the overall story progression.On the downside there were a couple of places that had gamebreaking glitches where if you did certain things out of order you could not progress the game, so keep several saves.Overall a decent amount of game for the price with good characters and not too many flaws, great English translation and not too many glitches. 10/10"
76561198056119776,Recommended,292910,31836131,Posted: 19 May,all,bornbyforce,"Germans are not exactly the stereotypical humorous bunch, but god this game made me laugh. Yes, sometimes it sort of crosses some lines and sometimes the jokes are too obvious but then sometimes they are so clever and subtle. The type of humor is also diverse, play with words, visual and technical absurdness, situation comedy, clever comebacks etc.The story is enjoyable for the journey though I'd say some characters and behaviors are a little out of place. And the ending feels a bit incomplete.As with the puzzles they are a bit on the difficult side exactly because of the humor that makes you try all sort of absurd things instead of trying what logically makes sense. And a couple of puzzles are just... too absurd or too out of the box.For a puzzle game it is actually long. Particularly this version, if you don't run in a hurry and don't read any walkthrough it will be with you for a while. And you will soon discover that the game's producer loves minigames.It is not a perfect game but it is recommended very much if you want to be entertained by this kind of game for a long time (relative to its kind)."
,Recommended,292910,21481995,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,keeri,"Amazing point and click adventure with great voice acting, art style, soundtrack, storyline, well... everything. Definitely worth getting if you enjoy the genre. This edition has a useful hint system and developer's commentary, unlike the separate games."
,Recommended,292910,33009711,Posted: 29 June,all,Becks,Very fun and has a great comedic story line to it. Love the voice acting and the characters in the story.
,Recommended,292910,17624755,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Thebalrog6,"This game is amazing. The music, the humor, the graphics, the voices, the story! It's an amazing blend that makes this game hit all the right targets! This game defines point and click adventures. You actually have to pay attention to your surroundings and see what fits and what doesn't. You really have to think for this game! Everything that makes Deponia, well, Deponia really works! The only bad thing about this game is that it deserves more attention."
,Recommended,292910,19189138,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ubiquit,"We're all living in Deponia, Deponia ist wunderbar!!!"
,Recommended,292910,13828430,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WeirdnAwesome,"I have always wanted to get the individual games, but given that 3 in a series is quite an investment, and since I could never figure if I would really enjoy the game from what I saw from the trailer, it took me quite some time to decide to finally obtain this game.Pros:If you enjoy point and click adventures with challenging puzzles interspersed in the midst of storytelling, this game should be for you.Entertaining characters whom you will get close toA rich environment that really encourages exploration.A sense of humor that I would describe as a sarcastic poke at the main character, who almost seems to always receive the brunt of thingsThe achievements are really fun to figure out. (There are tons of them!)A useful (very useful!) save systemCons:Not a serious issue, but I am someone who gets slightly frustrated easily, so trying to figure out which of 10 items goes where and with what can get slightly nerve wracking. I simply just look at a walkthrough if I hit a wall, which allows me to still follow the story without getting too frustrated, but if you enjoy challenges, then don't, because it is worth slowly figuring outThis new 3 in 1 package features the developer commentary, which you can turn off, but it automatically switches on every time the game starts. It is not terribly obstructive in the top left corner, so its still a small complaint.No spoilers, but some people may be terribly hurt by the ending of this if they don't like it. Personally though, I liked the ending, and I find it the most meaningful out of any other ending they could have placed.Other than the minor cons, this game does promise a nice storyline, a brisk fun walk with the characters and amazing environments. It is a different style of game but is worth going through all 3. :)"
,Recommended,292910,28613750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BlueSheep,Deponia is a very fun and interesting game. Takes me back to the times when I played Monkey Island series.The humourous jokes and story keep you entertained for hours.Some puzzles had not so obvious solutions or it really required some trial and error like randomly trying to combine items to see if they work. Sometimes items that do not make sense when combined works.Everything is voiced and the dialogues are witty. I wish more titles like this are made!
76561198181197410,Recommended,292910,24931792,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nickbboutin,One of the best point and click out there!Check it out
,Recommended,292910,24918765,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Actual Luke Skywalker,Simply one of the buest adventures ever made. For me this game is even better than Monkey Island. It's incredibly fun to play the main charachter is plain awesome the voice action is excellent and the overall gameplay is superb. For me this is one of the best games ever made. If you love adventures this is a 100% buy recommendation.
,Recommended,292910,13551305,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wrath of Tron,"What an excellent and complete package.  One of the best P&C's I've played since the golden age. For those of you purists out there that will never look to a walkthrough, buckle up for the long haul because this thing is meaty.  Two big chucks of Chaos and Goodbye had me reaching to outside help quite a bit.  Good characters, beautful locations (despite all the garbage) and and incredible sense of humor throughout.  10/10... would play again.An excellent bonus for the complete journey package with Jan Müller-Michaelis (Poki's) commentary.  It's hilarious and also manages to give an incredible amount of insight into how the game came together.Poki likes minigames..... has he mentioned that?"
,Recommended,292910,23999894,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tamplier.,"Great pont n click game!!! Beautiful graphics, great soundtrack and a thousands of fun! Great job!"
,Recommended,292910,12825455,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Grigi,"Rufus... This is the story of Rufus, as he tries to find a better life for himself. He comes up with outrageous plan after outrageous plan, since the ""standard"" type of plan obviously doesn't work.In many ways I feel very sorry for the people around Rufus, as he misses the finer nuances, and tries to resolve the situation a little to literally. To be honest, he has good intentions, but has a decided lack of finesse and concsience (Which is explained in the game, yes, there is something ""odd"" about Rufus).I throughly enjoyed the game. The game is fun, funny, deep, and you canstill play it casually (as I did). The developer commentaries are often fantastic, and it gives some more insight into how Daedalic operates, and human nature. I'd reccomend playing with the developer commentaries on. I played the game on Linux, and there was no technical issue that I noticed, so that is good :-DDeponia: The Complete Journey is funny and ridiculous, with much attention to detail. I fondly rememer the scene where you have to sing the Organnon anthem, and eventually get it right, then you get rewarded with a very well executed choir performance. And the lovely animations!I highly reccomend you play this game, and don't rush through it, there are many fine details that are delightful in their references, and the minigames are rewarding enough to not skip them.Thanks to Daedalic Entertainment for bringing this gem to Linux, I hope more follow :-P"
,Recommended,292910,27179953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Tochamacoc,"Great humour and story telling, soundtrack is really good.Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,292910,27200581,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Holylonlyponyeatingmacaronie,Very good Point and Click-Adventure game with it´s own sense of Humor.
76561198020000184,Recommended,292910,13299457,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Arvid,This game reminds me of classic Lucas Arts games in a very positive way.
,Recommended,292910,19132444,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Lord Hyperlord,"I had incredibly fun with this game, the humor is great and the puzzles are LucasArts' style. Sometimes the developers got carried away designing one or two minigames but hey, the catchy soundtrack equals for that!The story is overwhelming - I played the complete journey in 7 days, up to 8 hours per day and finished a couple of minutes ago, totally worth the time and effort (there were HOURS of passive-aggressive near-rage quit situations but hey, I'm a veteran) and - for some people here probably most important - this game includes cats. You can interact with these cats, too. Meow!It's all fun as long as one starts to cry ..."
76561197973230221,Recommended,292910,21904297,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,S.T.A.R.S Leon S. K.,"I enjoy beeing back at Deponia after over 2 years and even Chaos and Goodbye i enjoy even if i played it 1,5 months ago, i even make some new combination and find new dialogs and the developer commentary was okay too. This game has a non stoping charme that you can play it twice for sure. The rest you can read it in my older reviews. I get it with a high discount and with 26.5 hours of fun i give this game a 100 % for price/accomplishment. With a 33 % or higher you get really something for your game. You should try to combinate every item with everything (persons/ things) for getting all dialogs and find all easter eggs (achievements). Thank you for reading and hopefully enjoy."
76561198032200589,Recommended,292910,13483714,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zygomatico,"Deponia is one of the best point'n'clicks I have played in a long time. Its puzzles are reminiscent of the old Monkey Island games, and the humour is without a doubt one of the best of the past 10 years. You play the anti-hero Rufus. As the reviews and intro state, Rufus is not a pleasant man. He's annoying, mean, and absolutely self-centered. The game made me wonder what was wrong with the protagonist several times at the start of the game. He sells women into slavery and feeds children to monsters. And, in spite of all this, he grows on you. He's human. He does horrible things but you still want him to succeed in his plans. Rufus is brilliant, and he's utterly fascinating.Get this game if you want an interesting protagonist. He won't be your immediate hero. He won't be the man you hope to be, or the man you want your daughter to marry. He's definitely not the man you hope to snag in a relationship. But he will be interesting from start to finish. And that's sorely lacking from games nowadays. So, buy this game and support these makers. You'll be laughing from start to finish."
,Recommended,292910,30303388,Posted: 3 March,all,NyappiCat,"I was quite pleasantly surprised by this Daedalic game since I was so disappointed by The Night of the Rabbit. This game was extremely worth the money (then again, I got it when it was on sale for about £5) and gave me a good chunk of playtime since it's technically 3 games in one. The transition songs are a nice touch and the comedy is surprisingly good, but relies heavily on sexual jokes (so if that makes you uncomfortable, this ain't for you lol). The music is pretty good although it's a shame so much of it is recycled. The art style is a matter of preference, but it's quite good for a point and click game since the contrasts between objects are very clear (making objects easier to find). The design of the game is okay; there's a wide variety of puzzles that makes it enjoyable and challenging, but then there's that classic point-and-click aspect where some solutions are just too far fetched and you cannot help but check a walkthrough, although this was to a far lesser extent than with the Night of the Rabbit. It's great that the inventory resets whenever you go to a new area so that you don't get confused by old useless items."
76561198021625231,Recommended,292910,31107441,Posted: 12 April,all,Furrfire,"I haven't finished all 3 games yet, but I can safely say, this is the best point n click adventure games I have ever played. I generally don't play those type of games, with them often beying waaaaay too cryptic, but this one is not impossible to figure out.The story is hilarious and extremely well done dialog\writing! The characters are just great. And I love the artwork.Any point n click adventure gamer should be well pleased with this one. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,292910,23045742,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anvil,"Not for the game,kinda love it.Actually it's for the bugs.The pigeon puzzle bug stop me from continue playing this game so,I'll change my review when they patch it up.There you go!-------------------------------------------------take a while for downloading offcial (savegame.dat)playable now but also missed few conversation in game, bit pity for me.hope you may patch it in the future.but still a good game.please buy it.U'll see how a peaceful Boderland without monsters and raiders works."
,Recommended,292910,34130608,Posted: 9 August,all,ragkousakis,Great adventure with really funny characters and story.  I couldn't stop laughing. Must buy.
76561198049271328,Recommended,292910,32905645,Posted: 27 June,all,NixasXV,"I highly recommend checking this trilogy out if you're a fan of humorous and well made point and click adventure games.I racked up 41 hours playing this which when divided roughly works out as 13 1/2 hours per game - I did listen to all of the dialogue and developer's commentary so your playtime may be shorter.The animation and art style are very slick and nice to look at, and the story is great. It is full of humour but actually manages to be touching as well. You may hate Rufus (the protagonist) but if you do then you're in good company, almost all the other characters hate him too :PI am really not okay with some of the things he did in the sewer during Goodbye Deponia. Poor June, poor Goon, and those poor children!Honestly I'm not sure what else to say other than that I enjoyed this immensely and am very very glad I picked it up (I even got it on sale which is just a bonus as I would have happily paid full price for what I got)I had the developer's commentary on throughout the game which I don't know if I'd recommend on your first playthrough or not - on the one hand it gives you some interesting insight into the development process and the commentary is also just funny in and of itself... but on the other hand I spoilt a few of the puzzle solutions and minor story plot points for myself by listening to the commentary too early on. It really depends on how you want to play, and you can always replay it for the commentary if that's what you want.There are a few little bugs here and there, but I found nothing that broke the game or hurt my enjoyment of it.Oh, and I guess the puzzles are pretty good too :PI do wish I hadn't known about Deponia Doomsday before playing this though - I would have definitely cried at the ending if I didn't already know that Rufus survives (or is cloned again I guess although with Hermes dead I'm not sure who would do that) and that he has the chance to find Goal and head for Elysium again. If I had played this before the 4th came out I would have been inconsolable, but instead I'm just excited to start playing Doomsday (which of course I have already purchased :P )"
,Recommended,292910,33251773,Posted: 4 July,all,Thak,"No 21:9 (obviously. Not unless they'd draw 21:9 background assets :D ), but a good point and clicker never the less."
,Recommended,292910,28839872,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TherapyON,"Deponia is a mix of great soundtracks, immersive story, goofy humour, challenging puzzles and gripping plot. This game has such distinctive characters, they feel like real individuals. The character development and the story slowly forming is extremely satisfying. This game is not too difficult, but challenging enough, emotional, frustrating - just a rollercoaster of a game. But most importantly, it's very very fun.Updating the review: The game doesn't launch anymore. Apparently a lot of people have this problem, bu there is no one way to fix it"
76561197991756070,Recommended,292910,16925114,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jordy,"Very nice game. Although I had to use a walkthrough a few times, the game is well built, with a nice story and funny."
76561198104807979,Recommended,292910,12612102,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dallasflett,"""Hilarious.""It's a very original Point and Click adventure game. It's full of that kind of charm that you'd only find in Pn'Cs. My biggest issue with the game so far is that it heavily drags on in some areas due to the nonsensical nature of the puzzle solving. If you're as bad at point and clicks as I am, then prepare to use an online walkthrough to get through most of the game, and turn off the music at some points (it get's unbearable, sometimes). These problems are somewhat subjective, though, as other people may actually find these puzzles to be a breeze. Thankfully, these issues are worth soldering on for. The characters have this very hilarious banter that keeps me playing. There's just something to their wit that I just find really charming. They're all likeable butt heads. I had this one issue with the graphics, they'd be glitchy and moving around awkwardly, but I fixed it by turning off texture compression in the settings menu. Once that was fixed, I was suprised and relieved to see that the aesthetic of the game is vibrant and well designed. I've never played The Monkey Island games but from what I've seen; this game looks a lot like it. If you're looking for a nice, relaxing, funny game that tells a great story (and actually has a suprisingly unpreachy earth message), then I don't see why you shouldn't pick this game up. Especially on sale. 8/10 (on sale, due to myself needing a guide to advance):]"
,Recommended,292910,26484198,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,andermoney,A really zany and fun adventure game that uses a good amount of nonsense and tongue-in-cheek humor to balance out clever puzzle solving and an action-packed story
,Recommended,292910,21033636,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Crazed Rabbit,"This has to be one of the best point and click adventure games I've played to date. The ending was a bit disappointing but it makes sense.The game is about our overly narcissistic protagonist Rufus, follow him as he tries to escape this junkyard of a planet to Elysium, a paradise in the sky (And fail. A lot.). Ruin peoples lives to further your adventure and get closer to Elysium. Woo the Elysian girl that fell from the sky (Definitely not Rufus' fault) and convince her to take you to Elysium with her. Of course that's not so easy, oh so not very easy, things go wrong, every single time. But Rufus keeps going with even crazier plans.The game has great humor, a nice bunch of achievements and it's definitely worth the cost."
,Recommended,292910,24032053,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Phylion,"Great adventure, amazing humor and superb character.What you waiting for? go buy it█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
,Recommended,292910,11170224,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Anarchy,"It is honestly a good game, the narrative is good, the song is good, and the humor in here is down right hilarious. It got some frustrating puzzle, and I have to figure out some of my inventory of how to put it together and make the story progress. It just a awesome game and if it cost me 3.99 at the moment. So if you see that 3.99, you best get it before it go full price."
,Recommended,292910,13771744,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,worlebird,"So much fun!  If you are a fan of the old classic LucasArts point-and-click adventure games (Day of the Tentacle, Sam and Max, the Monkey Island series, etc.) you should enjoy Deponia.  This game is absolutely the spiritual successor to those games.  Even at full price, this is worth it.  When on sale, it's a real steal!For those who may be confused by the titles, there are three Deponia games in the series - this one, ""The Complete Journey"" is all three of those games combined seamlessly into one package (you don't get three individual games, rather the three games flow into each other one after the other).  So if you get this game, you do not need to get the three individual Deponia games."
,Recommended,292910,13773876,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VolOpt,"I will start out by saying I really don't enjoy point and clicks (mechanically speaking) and this game does nothing to change that. Most of the time I'm OK but Inevitably I will get stuck at some point rubbing random inventory items together and on random things in the hopes of forcing some progress. Eventually breaking down to read a guide because I can't figure out what one combination of 50 things will MAKE GAME GO!That said I have really been enjoying this game :DStill have about half(?) of act 2 and all of act 3 to go at the time of writing.The characters are interesting the world is beautiful (for a junk heap) the voice acting is great. I even enjoy the little Ah-Ha moments when I actually manage to tackle a challenging chain of events/puzzle out without needing to resort to a guide. Bottom line, if you don't enjoy the mechanics of point and clicks then this game isn't going to do anything to change that but it is a really interesting experience none the less. If you do like point and clicks then this is your bread and butter.Platypus-bataka!Edit: Just finished the game and without wanting to spoil anything for anyone who wants to be surprised I found the ending to be less than expected. Actually the last game was sorta hit and miss Tho the ending really felt like the cliffhanger for a 4th game that is never going to come since the Devs have apparently stated that this is the ending they always intended. Still an interesting ride, I just wish it has gone out with more of a bang instead of a whimper."
,Recommended,292910,13750630,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nifty Kook,Play the game and injoy it while it last. The game is amazing and thats all i'll say on this.
,Recommended,292910,13810755,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GoggerToy,"Deponia: The Complete Journeyis a trilogy of old-school point-and-click adventure games, all wrapped into a single executable file for your convinience.The story revolves around Rufus, a self-proclaimed genius, a tinkerer, who lives on planet Deponia, covered with trash (Deponieis a German word forgarbage landfill). One day, he tries to put into motion another one of his plans to reach Elysium (aspaceship of sortsthat is hovering above Deponia and where lives the elite). But (of course) his plan fails again and results in Goal, an Elysian girl, falling down to the surface of Deponia. The rest is about the misadventures of Rufus, Goal, several reccuring characters - how they try to get back to Elysium and what discoveries they make in the process.I found the jokes in this game to be absolutely hilarious, however that depends on whether you like crass and dark humor or not - there's quite a lot of such humor. And not only the dialogue is funny, the animated sequences contain some funny slapstick situations as well. There are a few (like, a dozen for the whole 30+hrs trilogy) swearwords (which I did not expect), but who cares?The voice acting (both English and German) is top-notch. I prefer German voiceover, but the English one is just as good - I switched back and forth b/w them a couple of times.The game is very beautiful, that is if you are willing to overlook low-budget animation drawbacks - sometimes you can feel that there is not enough frames drawn for this or that action to look satisfying. The backgrounds are absolutely gorgeous though.The puzzles in this game are satisfiyngly difficult, for the most part, which is a good thing. Some of them were, however illogical (like the one with the Yrk and the paper plane, or the one involving the conveyor beltin hell). This is a minor drawback. but still I had to look in the guide a couple of times. For the most part though, the puzzles are creative and you just need to think harder to solve them. A lot of interesting minigames are there as well.This edition could use some more polish, the game freezed on me a couple of times, which lead to some loss of progress. However not much progress was lost in either case, the game autosaves at important plot points by itself - just make sure to click 'Continue' and not load your last savegame. The text boxes for the commentary sometimes shifts to the right part of the screen, instead of a text box frame. But those are all minor drawbacks, which I am sure will be fixed with a patch.The community seems to be split about the ending, however I find it brilliant and very cleverly written.Overall, it's a very enjoyable adventure with a great story, great humor, brilliant plot twists and smart puzzles. I recommend it to any point-and-click adventures enthusiast."
,Recommended,292910,13266224,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wazuzu,"The game just dragged me back in mid-nineties, where I was playing all those LucasArts and Sierra quests, punched me in my nostalgia, threw me down my idiotic storyline crave and finished me off with back-stabbing unexpected ending.Buy it."
,Recommended,292910,24190837,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Psychoticfart,"I know it's wrong to put personal feelings into a review for anything, but I feel like it's important to understand why I liked it and why you might not.-Firstly, Rufus is the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around (something that gets explained really late in the trilogy)-This game contains some jokes that may be too sensitive for some (such as transgender, racist jokes, pedophilia)ᵖᵉʳˢᵒᶰᵃᶫᶫʸ ᶦ ᵗʰᶦᶰᵏ ᵗʰᵉʸ ʷᵉʳᵉ ᵃᶜᵗᵘᵃᶫᶫʸ ᶠᵘᶰᶰʸ-Later on in the game, Rufus can be seen as sexist (again, something that is explained)-the puzzles can be absolutly mind-bogglingly hard (it didn't take long into the second game to use a guide)But is it a good game?Idk, I liked it thoʸᵒᵘ'ᶫᶫ ᵖʳᵒᵇᵃᵇᶫʸ ʰᵃᵗᵉ ᵗʰᵉ ᵉᶰᵈᶦᶰᵍ ʲᵘˢᵗ ᵃˢ ᵐᵘᶜʰ ᵃˢ ᶦ ᵈᵒ"
76561198175520187,Recommended,292910,25861067,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DaddyDanTheBronyFag,If you want a fun comedic point and click adventure game then I urge anyone that reads this to buy the game either now or when it's on sale.
,Recommended,292910,13641487,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,gorgor98,"A truly greate game, lovely music, amazing story line.One of the best things about this game is the different characters you meet on your journey. There is a lot of lovely characters and hopefully you'll love them as much as I did.I can not recommend this game enough.Please give this fantastic game a try."
76561198199861889,Recommended,292910,24420048,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,RaymondVonGarlic,"Deponia is an absurd, confusing, and rude point and click adventure. And this is exactly why I fell in love it with it. Deponia is a point & click with a humerous style and brain-twisting puzzles. This game forces you to think outside the box and let every irrational bone in your body take control. Overall Deponia is an amazing game with a memorable set of characters on a hilarious journey. (9.5/10)"
,Recommended,292910,23308951,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,随意随行,"I expect that there would be a Chinese package in this game.It's so important that Deponita The Complete Journey is a bundle of the three Deponia games; Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia. I recommend to buy this rather than the seperate three, especially when on sale. It's always on sale……It's not an easy game but very interesting. Challenging the puzzles in the game are very time-consuming, especially when you plan to overcome all the obstacles all by yourself. But during that period, you will enjoy the process that you overcome obstacles one by one. Nice story with fun 2D cartoons makes this game more enjoyable.9/10Why not 10/10?Not becase of the language, but the ending is not satisfied, even worse…… If you finish all the story, you will get it."
,Recommended,292910,33564396,Posted: 15 July,all,carewolf,"Overall recommended, but the game has a number of flaws that might make it unappealing to some.The main character is rather annoying at best, and  outright despicable at worst. Half a dozen of puzzles are just nonsense, one even involves changing game settings to make things extra meta. Two of the mini-games were just atrocious, but the mini-games are fortunately all skipable, and a few of them are pretty cool.I recommend playing with a walkthrough and using it whenever you are stuck for more than 10 minutes, the puzzles that you end up being stuck one are rarely the clever ones that you wish you solved on your own, but the really stupid and ones that violates previously established mechanics.The first game is okay for puzzle fans and the second game is the most offensive and stupid, but the third is  actually pretty good. So if you survive the first one and start hating the second game, just power through it, it gets better again."
76561198022224964,Recommended,292910,33756016,Posted: 23 July,all,PixeLED Monster,"Great game, has some nice character, Like Rufus (the character you play as). A character that youl'll love......to hate. Seriously, Hes a ""lovable"" kind of guy that you'll (might) enjoy watching him get what coming to him, getting bitten, eletrocuted, set on fire, chop to bits, failing, get punch so hard hes out cold, dragged throguh bob-wire, squashed, thrown into a cataus, etc. Why would i enjoy a character i play as get to go through all those things. Trust me, once you get to know his character and what he does, you'll be glad he get them.As far as puzzle go. well they to take awhile, Puzzles (outside the tons and tons of minigames this game has) on point-&-click sometimes makes no since (sometime without looking at a walkthough to understand the madness). compare to puzzles on other games. Like making poison your friend (Rufus...what a wounderful guy, wouldn't you say.)in order to get his towel.Only had one game breaking bug near the beginning though. [example]couldn't get the dirty mirror back down after getting something to clean it, so the light reflecting off the clean mirror. Can shine in the dark hallway.Thank god for multiple save slots to fall back to.If you enjoy Point-and-click, get this game.Don't like character that you can't stand?  don't get this game or do, if you find karma on those people satitfyingLike puzzles and or mini games? get this gameenjoy the sometime werid logic on puzzle sovling? get this gameAll ready have, Deponia, Choas in Deponia, Goodbye Deponia (one or two or all three)?  Unless you want to play them again (since they are all included in this game), then don't get this game.enjoy some good (or sometime bad) jokes? get this game"
,Recommended,292910,14145165,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,LonM,"Deponia started off really well, and then turned into a bit of a disappointment.The initial story is quite good. You play the bumbling sociopath in his attempt to escape to a new life. Now, some people might find it hard to play a character who makes rather unethical decisions,  but that is the whole point of the game.It lets the sometimes dark humour flow much more easily and makes for a very enjoyable play through.However, even though the story started off well, I don't feel it was amazing. Especially towards the end more plot holes started showing, and the actual end of the game was extremely disappointing.The ending could have been easily solved with a minigame whereyou have to find some way of timing everyone to escape from the blades at the same time, and the dev commenter says that they really like minigames. What a missed opportunity that was.The ending also manages to negate any character development anyone could have had, as all the main characters pretty much have their lives screwed over.The puzzles in this game are generally pretty good, however in some cases the solutions ended up being extremely obscure and I had to find a walkthrough to prod me in the right direction. This was rather annoying, but for the most part the puzzle, item combination and minigames were designed well.The interface that goes along with the game has a good menu system, and a good inventory manager. The on-screen hints that show you where clicks are valid is also very helpful.The graphics in this game are extremely good, as is the soundtrack. It all really adds to the atmosphere and helps makes the exploring the game enjoyable.I did encounter many bugs while playing the game. None of them broke them game completely, but they were annoying. If you get stuck with characters not speaking scripted lines, pressing ""Esc"" solves this. Also, use the ""load"" button to load saves, not the ""continue"" button.[s]Overall, had this game made a few parts less obscure, or at least offered a few more hints at what to do, as well as had a different ending, I would have probably enjoyed it, but it just ended leaving a sour taste. Especially when the main character Rufus's story had built up so close to his final goal.[/s]OK. It seems as if the story is begin continued. Given a proper continuation, rather than the abrupt end we were left with, I can finally push my rating over to begin a positive one."
76561197985224359,Recommended,292910,24119023,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Oreb,"Best new point and click in a while, creative and genuinely funny at times. Not as challenging as the old Lucasfilm games, but most games aren't anymore."
76561198207191799,Recommended,292910,28317730,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Russ Cabbage,"this game really needs to be more popular. in my opinion it deserves a large, alive fanbase, because if there was one i would join it without so much as a moment of hesitation.it took me personally 40-some hours to complete all three parts of the game (without getting all achievements), but time will definitely vary depending on how good you are at solving obnoxiously-difficult point-and-click puzzles. I will admit the puzzles in this game are some of the most random, pointless ones i have ever encountered, but you come to realize that this is simply part of the game itself. it's what makes DeponiaDeponia.I highly reccomend buying all three in one bundle because if you buy just one you'll end up buying the next one anyway. Trust me.the characters are some of the most likeable I've seen, and you're with all of them so long you justhaveto love them by the end. it's hard to pick favorites, but personally mine would have to be Cletus. honestly, i think that the characters and the dialogue are the best part of the game."
76561198110759284,Recommended,292910,33375781,Posted: 8 July,all,Chrysla,"Hussa the best point and click game ever!!Good story, funny characters and the soundtrack is awesome!"
76561198042115852,Not Recommended,292910,35351158,Posted: 30 September,all,old man scooter,I believe that the ending to any story driven series has to be the closing of all the loose ends in the story but i sadly have to say (without spoiling anything) that the ending to this whole journey left me incredibly unsatisfied and i cannot reccomend this game because there is no ending it just leaves you feeling empty and with even more loose ends by the time you finish it. its not a a bad point and click adventure but it has some bugs (still) so if you want to play it go ahead but dont say no one warned you when you get to the end yourself and feel just as empty as i felt when i finished it.
76561198094679876,Recommended,292910,13309324,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,wnevel,"I'm not usually one for point-and-click adventure games. I prefer immersive RPG's like Dragon Age or Elder Scrolls. Also, RPG strategy, particularly HOMM (all 6). But I wanted something different. Instead of playing HOMM5 or 6...again...I saw this ""cute"" little game. I thought ""this'll be diverting for a couple of hours"".I was utterly charmed by it's simplicity and depth (yes! you can have both).I'm into the second ""chapter"". The puzzles are good (though some are a little bizzarre). And I've laughed out loud at some of the jokes, both linguistic and artistic.This adventure will last 35 to 40 hours. You'll be spending less than $0.50 and hour for some great entertainment."
,Recommended,292910,24129872,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Schrodinger's cat dont eat fish,"Oh, like deponia so much"
76561198097813158,Recommended,292910,15229415,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"A masterpiece in storytell and humor. One of the greatest adventure games of all time. I laughed, I cried, it moved me Bob."
,Recommended,292910,16727716,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dr.NotThatEvil,"I loved this game and i really recommend it if your into the adventure genre.It has a great story with well done characters and the game has a care put into its looks and the feel of the world you go through. The puzzels are great with good vaiarity in them some will have you scratch your head but they keep you ingaged and wil make you feel the eurka moment manny times ones you figrue it out.i did encouter a few technical glitches (this might be rare but still) where i managed to trigger a cutscene twice causeing a glitch but after advancing the story glitch went away and it did not distract from the gameplay overall cause it was a once time occourence.I do really reccomend it its really fun, altough playtime did feel a bit short but that might be cause i loved it"
,Recommended,292910,14729739,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kejjos,"Good story and great puzzles. Great game arts and the characters have been given personalities, which is good. Bugs here and there that makes the game crash, but that doesn't annoy me much as long as it doesn't do it all the time. Happened maybe four or five times during my whole playthrough.I have played through it once and thought it was worth my time.Some people does not like the game because the main character is a real jerk. Don't buy this if you think that are equally sensitive."
,Recommended,292910,14668402,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Grep,Like puzzles that take an hour to complete? Like good trilogies? Like playing as an egotistical character? Good. Buy this game.
76561198147076563,Recommended,292910,28676931,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,slingdong ()()()()()(),Best click and play in a long time...Loved to see it start but hated to see it end...Worth every dollar.
76561197998640886,Recommended,292910,14286570,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lightman,"The lack of minigames is outrageous.10/10 would do the tutorials again (and sing all the songs)Serious review:My last point-and-click game i own and finished is the 'Woodruff and the Schnibble of Azimuth', so you can't say i'm regular in this genre. But i can recommend this game, because with it's every fault, it's a good game, and fun, if you have the right amount of sense of humor. The audio commentary is also a nice and mostly fun (but sometimes boring) addition. Still there is a big thing which is bugging me right now (as i finished the game an hour ago) and i'm not sure how i feel about it.9/10"
,Recommended,292910,15520180,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Milo Raglan,"I bought the first part years ago and played it for about an hour before thinking ""This seems kind of juvenile and dumb"" (this is coming from someone who grew up playing and loves the Monkey Island series) and I put the game away for a few years.Well I had a time coming up were I would not have internet access for a few months and decided to give the complete journey another chance and about just after the point I stopped playing all those years ago the game hooked me. I was smitten, I feel in love.The main character, Rufus, who all those years ago I thought was just an annoying idiot with stupid one liners was actually a lovable and missunderstood goof. (I love myself a good goof.) Long story short I started to root for him.To keep it short, it was a star-crossed love that spanned almost 3 years but I now regret the time I wasted not having his game as a fond memory.If you like inventory based, point and click adventure games, with a lovable goof protaganist (like my childhood babysitter Guybrush Threepwood of Monkey Island) then this game is perfect for you. Its got a wonderfull, interesting, long, but well paced story, and a dozen unique characters. The humor can be a little eye rolling at times but after a while you start to understand that is all part of its charm and actually its overall story. But I will stop there before I spoil something. I hope you have a wonderfull adventure on Deponia!"
,Recommended,292910,13686741,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bunsanity,A really wonderful point & click adventure. A nice addition to any library.
76561198069747253,Recommended,292910,16450641,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jupiland,"One of the most awesome and epic game! I loved it, the story, the graphics, the dialogues...it was fun. And the end!!! Just amazing, really happy to buy this. Looking forward to play it again."
76561198232094960,Recommended,292910,24265442,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,AllTimeLife,"Oh. My. God. I love point-and-clicks, especially those involved with puzzles. Deponia: the Complete Journey is a great example of the kind of point-and-clicks I enjoy. This game has adventure, romance, action, and a bit of suspense. It's a great game if you really need to kill time and if you love in-depth stories. The only awful, awful thing about this game is the ending. The ending, in all honesty, completely killed the entire series and I'm extremely disappointed in the game developers.They could've easily made him heroic or made this a gut-wrenching series any other way besides having Rufus sacrifice himself. Seriously. Shame on you, guys.8/10"
76561197970843817,Recommended,292910,24927758,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BleedingPlaid,"Rufus, the hero of the story, is probably the worst human being to exist. But the story of Deponia is ridiclulous and obsurd which shall give a laugh of jokes and puzzles found grim and clever."
,Recommended,292910,24605122,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Diebuster.Fan,"Charming characters and Comedic situations make this game great. It's a mostly-linear point-and-click adventure (Think Monkey Island series) that manages to be both funny and a bit touching at the same time. Unfortunately, what you need to do to advance isincrediblycryptic at times,like finding baby Bozo as a tiny speck way off on the horizon,but this is usually made reasonable by a wonderfully done ""objective checklist"" that is written out and scribbled on as though the protagonist is updating it with pen and paper. Overall, if you're at all a fan of the genre, I'd strongly recommend the Deponia series."
,Recommended,292910,25115663,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,lowbrassdude,"It's kind of a shame that typical point and click adventure games are not nearly as much a dominant genre as they were in the 1990s. But that doesn't mean that great adventure games can't be made. Behold, the spiritual successor to Monkey Island, Deponia! A harrowing, high stakes adventure filled with action, drama, romance, poetry, puzzles, suspense, humor, quirky characters, and platypuses! As someone who grew up on Ron Gilbert and Tim Schaefer Adventure games I cannot stress enough how much this game impressed me. It is everything an adventure game should be and more. The puzzles can be a bit difficult and sometimes it's unclear what to do next, but it's all worth it for an ingenius plot, well written characters and the platypuses!"
76561198070072024,Recommended,292910,26055248,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,skizz,AWESOOOME. One of the best games I've recently played.Rufus rocks :D
,Recommended,292910,18444807,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,wedge,"Muito bom. As vezes o jogo força um pouco a barra o humor e no comportamento do Rufus (seu personagem) mas é pra q, genialmente, você o julgue da mesma forma com q todos os outros personagens do jogo o julguam. A história te prende e te puxa pra frente e tem uns plot twists interessantes. Os puzzles as vezes são meio obtusos e atrapalham o ritmo do jogo, mas point-n-click business as usual. E o jogo é longo: 45hs ~ a trilogia inteira. =)"
,Not Recommended,292910,20653364,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RangerPretzel,"This game reminded me of King's Quest and all of those Sierra games from the 80s and 90s. Except, that it wasn't that fun. After playing for 5 minutes, I was stuck. Really stuck. No idea what to do next. Went to GameFaqs and started following a walk-through.I honestly can't say if this is just me or if it's the game. I suspect it's a product of our society where things don't happen as fast or as smoothly as we'd like them to.Still, the ""solutions"" to the puzzles never really made sense.On the plus side, this game doesn't let you get too far along such that if you miss a step, you're not totally screwed later.(To this day, I remember that happening to me once in Kings Quest IV where I had failed to do something early on in the game and got almost all the way to the end, and couldn't continue because I didn't have this one item. And I couldn't go back and get it either.)It's a cute game. Production value is really quite good. Lots of polish, etc. but I don't recommend it. Too frustrating...That said, I'll probably play this game to the end. The story is decent enough. So that's a plus.(I wish I could give this a ""middling"" rating... aka. neither Yes nor No. Just somewhere in the middle.)"
76561198061660699,Recommended,292910,13371155,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MadMax26R,"Absolutely phenomenal, one of my favorite games hands down, i wish they would make more and change the ending though :)"
,Recommended,292910,15920292,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,[GBRK]FlameFactory,Awesome adventure!
76561198281974735,Recommended,292910,22868921,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,lukatjac,"The puzzles can be kind of stupid at points, and sometimes just outright ridiculous, but that's what I've come to expect from any point and click.Despite some dumb solutions, the game is fun and engaging, and I think I wasted three days of my life sitting in a dark room bent over by laptop, but I enjoyed every second of it. The characters and locations are colourful and fun, but the ending is a little bit disappointing."
76561198175899733,Recommended,292910,20317013,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Grimmrow,"The Puzzles! The Humor! The Style! The Music! The makings of a memorable game to keep in my banks as one of the best underated games I had came across in my short time on the Steam platform. I would genuinely look forward to a direct sequel to the trilogy and would back up its funding in a heartbeat. Sadly all good things come to an end, some for better, some for worst. If you want to know what I'm talking about, see:The ending is going to break you, your heart mostly. Like a wombo combo of TellTale's The Walking Dead Season One and Mass Effect 3.*edit*Deponia Doomsday. The direct sequel. As a hoped for. Yes. Just Yes.Turns out the end isn't end!!!"
,Recommended,292910,32165237,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,This game is hilarious through all that happens. There were moments I got stuck but not bored.
76561198059029767,Not Recommended,292910,20633381,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,djslavik,"Several hours in I realized I was still waiting for the game to become fun. I feel it tries to be The Secret of Monkey Island but it comes very very short with its thin story that doesn't pull in, unlikable protagonist whose condescending attitude gets old too fast and forgettable characters (except Lori - genius!). Puzzles seemed alright though perhaps too granular.Skip this game if you enjoyed the classics like ""The Secret of Monkey Island"", ""Grim Fandango"", ""The Day of the Tentacle"", ""Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis"", ""Gabriel Knight"". For something much closer to those try ""Broken Age""."
,Recommended,292910,20016283,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,行人余,Great story with a crappy ending.It will be shame if there is no sequel.
,Recommended,292910,20689655,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Black Sun (((O))),"Deponia: The Complete Journey, in my opinion, represents one of the best experiences among Point & Click adventures that have ever been made. I, personally, liked everything in the game, except, probably, music — it really distracts sometimes, being either too funny, or too annoying (of course, you can just turn down the volume, as in every game), but nevertheless, I would give this game 10/10."
,Recommended,292910,14255765,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Podosniper,"I can't recommend this game enough. It's a very long game but remains entertaining and funny throughout. I call for a prequal trilogy! Always trillogy, lol."
76561198025055521,Recommended,292910,14424504,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Katherus,"I've never been very interested in point-click games but this one was a lot of fun. The art style is good, the dialog is funny, and the characters are well thought out. This game has certainly opened my eyes to the genre."
,Recommended,292910,17916611,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Yvandisa,"Play this. Seriously, just do it.Your world will end up shattered.You will laugh (a lot), cry (even if it's because you're laughing so hard) and probably lose your breath (again, that might be because you're laughing too hard).I wanted to say a lot more, but I'm speechless.Ruuuuufuuuuuuus his name is Ruuuuufuuuuuuuuuuuus. The truest hero-antihero that could ever exist.(No matter how you might feel about some minor glitches that others pointed out somewhere... the story is so...incredible, you just can't miss this.)"
,Recommended,292910,14285369,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RedDreadnaught,"""Deponia: The Complete Journey"" might be the video game equivalent of a Mel Brooks movie marathon, except that Mel Brooks movies have satisfying endings.  This game is definitely more about the journey than the destination.  A journey in which yougive drugs tokittens, make dolphinsexplode, and feed orphaned childrento creatures in the sewers. Huzzah!"
76561198170154147,Recommended,292910,16685801,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SageOfEden,"this is a really good gameI just dont know what else to sayIf you like point and click adventures get this game. If you never played a point and click adventure get this game. If you hate point and click andventures then get this game.I never was a fan of point and click adventure games they seemed to boring but this game is exceptional. You must try it or wait for it to go on sale, because this game is one of the best games. Might I add one of the best games I have ever played. Most people may not like the main character. But the main character is made to be unlikeable. Once you play for a while you get to know Rufus and Deponia because Rufus is funny in everyway. For being the type of person he is he grows on you and he is just amazing. You mainly just focus on how he is to the envoirment and characters around him and learn about what he has done and how people precive him wich makes it all the more enjoyable. The games story and characters for the most part are amazing and the whole world this is all set in is interesting to.Just this game is the best game you could ever play if you just give it a shot and yes it has some puzzels but its well worth it.Trust me"
76561198089436867,Recommended,292910,20457776,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rev Up Those Fryers,"Great game, I love the hand drawn styles and she soundtrack. The characters are wonderful and charming and the story moves along at a perfect pace. The puzzels are clever and challanging but not overly difficult. However I experienced major glitches during gameplay that enhibited me from continuing. For example, when I wanted the character to enter a doorway or go up stairs it would trigger either a different animation or dialogue from a completely different scene making it impossible to progress without extreme difficulty. Adittionally there were points were the character would be unable to walk in a certain direction or exit an area. I was dissapointed in the fact that these simple coding glitches kept me from playing the rest of the game so I hope the developers can fix this problem quickly. For first time players of this game I reccomend that they buy the first game before the complete collection."
,Recommended,292910,20470707,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nighter Shadow,"The trailers/pictures you might see will never correspond how good the game is.Being a point-and-click adventure, some people mighty think it's a thrashy game, they are so wrong...I won't dwelve into many aspects because I don't want to spoil anything, a game like this has its impact, in my honest opinion, for the ability to be felt as a first-time experience and leave you wanting for more.Pros:Beautiful ArtComedy during the whole playthroughThe hotspot highlighting (that helped me a lot during the game)Awesome StoryNeutral:Out of the box puzzles, some people might enjoy, some might think it's frustrating and have to resort to walkthroughs. Personally, I liked it.Some minor bugs on hotstop detection (hovering the mouse over something and not detecting), but those kind of bugs happen in nearly any game, no matter the genre.Edit: a new one has been out for a while and looking very eager to play it! Glad they made another one ^^"
,Recommended,292910,13684614,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,D.Morok,same fun as Deponia but x3 times.and achievements!!!
,Recommended,292910,13693265,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Red,This game is awesome! Buy it now. :D
,Recommended,292910,17898235,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Alex,"For the Deponia and Chaos on Deponia - BRILLIANT. These series are really brilliant. A rare old-school point-and-clicker out there, with a good funny plot, completely worth to play.For the Goodbye Deponia part: SCREWED. Finally and completely. Just after Rufus gets green chemical to do the culminating thing... it's all screwed up completely. If I could, I would recommend game authors to redo everything just after this moment. Gosh, it will even *sell* again with a different finale!To clarify: it's not a *BAD* ending. It's *AWFULLY DONE* finale, not only ending, but climax/afterclimax as well. The climax, afterclimax and outcome are all complete, utter and total failures. It leaves you with a complete sense of disappointment, makes the  hours spent in game pointless, and overall tastes awful.It looks like something's happened in someone's head when team was working on the game at that moment, and completely prevented them from doing anything decent. Game mood is completely ruined after then, and the game ending is quite nonsensical as well, dull and dummy. No ending at all, and no chances for continuation. Be prepared for this when you play the last part of it.Nevertheless, I would recommend it. It'll give you a decent amount of giggling and laughter.---Now for the goodies: what do we have there:+ Clever tasks and puzzles (almost all are logical, only few are at a point of being foul, and only one thing in Chaos part totally crosses the red line).+ A lot of toilet humour and slapstick comedy+ Excellent graphics, decent animation, excellent music+ Fun, lots of fun+ Friendly interface, too friendly up to the point it makes game a bit easy (plans and hints) after you're acquainted with it+ Totally made with love (until the aforementioned third part moment where it's all screwed up).+ A bit of romance. Although it leaves us to wish for a bit more.+ Huge diversity of situations.And for the bad side:- - - - - - - COMPLETELY SCREWED UP after certain moment in Goodbye. Well, no more about that.- Too linear a plot. You cannot deviate even a bit, few ways to solve one thing could give player feeling of freedom, and it could took more game time to find all the routes and achievements.- Some bugs in task and hint tracking system, sometimes it dings when it should not.- Not all puzzles are solved via logical steps. Beware of some. Although as I said before, anything except for one moment should be walk in the park."
,Recommended,292910,25460846,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sardonic Platypus,Probably the best adventure game series I have ever played.
76561198099741541,Recommended,292910,11986636,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mantoux,Great and fun game! Awesome
,Recommended,292910,11274609,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,guimero64,"This review contains minor spoilers:The Deponia trilogy reunited in one BIG game! Finally! It's a real pleasure to finally be able to get back into this wonderful point and click game!If you are a newcomer to the genre, just know that with Deponia you'll never approach your everyday problems like before or see the world with the same eyes: Need to wake up your love ? True love kiss ? Hah ! Just pour a mega combo coffee in her mouth ! Your girldfriend's mind is divided into 3 personalities because of your lollipop cravings? No harm done, you'll figure it out... This game is filled with the most wackiest puzzles I've ever seen - who would have thought to turn down the music in-game so that the character would not be distracted while performing a secret knock?But don't think that the story behind all this is childish! Behind the wonderful art - head to DawnElaineDarkwood's deviantart, one of the artists of the game - lies a mature story: the characters are just great, the plot thickens every second and I never thought the ending would be so breathtaking!For those who already played the game, you should still try to get this game, just for the dev commentaries and the bonuses!All I have to say left is Huzzah! Just play the game!"
,Recommended,292910,23190516,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Alberio,Do yourself a favor and play this GEM of an adventure game.
76561198123123140,Recommended,292910,14522203,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kyrion,This game was great! It's got a bit of dark humor and some ridiculousness in it.  I just wish there was a fourth I could buy!
,Recommended,292910,12766765,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,StoneBeWipe,MASTERPIECE!
76561198077628418,Recommended,292910,13051853,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BinaryKung,I really love this game. It has a rich story.One thing that stuck in my mind is why I still can buy each chapter of this game while I already have the complete version.Really inconvenion.
,Not Recommended,292910,18260072,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,CJ26 ︻デ═一,"first of all, if u already own the trilogy i suggest not to buy this. the bonus content doesn't worth the money. if u don't have the trilogy then go for this because its cheaper.talking about the game, not about this complete edition, i can give 11 out of 10 for this awesome game. there is nothing more to say. this is the best point-n-click game i have ever played.but im really disappointed in this complete edition. there are many concerns regarding this edition. but i loved those funny developer commentaries. that's the only thing i enjoyed in this edition. so here are the concerns and drawbacks i found...1) there is no way to access the new bonus content within the game. you have to go to the installation directory of the game to find the bonus content.2) after you complete a bonus feature like the newly added rufus sculpture, goals photo or the platypus guide there is no way to access those or the unlocked cut scenes from the main menu, unless you reload a check point you made after completing the bonus. if you start a new game or reload any other check point those bonus will show as locked like you never completed those.3) for cut scenes, you can see all unlocked cut scenes by reloading a check point or starting a new game and selecting bonus from the menu but this only works for goodbye deponia and chaos on deponia chapters. if you start a new game or reload a checkpoint for deponia, all the cut scenes, except the ones just played or should have played after reloading or starting the new game, will be locked. so there is no way to see all the cut scenes for deponia chapters in one place.4) and there are some minor bugs.so the users have to go through some trouble to access bonus features and content every time. so even the over-roll of the game is superb, the over-roll of this complete edition is not good. if they had added an option to access all the bonus features and content from the main menu this edition would have been awesome.but no worries, i bought this for $5.99 when it was on sale so it was worth it :D"
,Recommended,292910,27162053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LadySmith,Plot Twist. Plot Twists are everywhere!
76561197972665904,Recommended,292910,12861776,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,00Helix,Absolutely Fantastic!
,Recommended,292910,14710636,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Thelastreturn,"Deponia is by far my most favorite game of all times. Not only does it have a really great story with lot's of humor and drama, it also has awesome 2D graphics and an immersing world full of unique characters.Let's start at the beginning, 'Deponia: The Complete Journey' is a click-and-point adventure with alot of minigames in between. The complete journey is a combined trilogy of 'Deponia', 'Chaos on Deponia' and 'Goodbye Deponia' in which you follow Rufus, our brave hero on his quest to save the world.Even though this is a really great game for a wide ranged audience be aware of the insane difficulty (if you don't want to search hours for a missed clue or impossible to crack minigame, I recommend using a walkthrough from time to time).Is it worth buying if you already have one or two of the deponia games? One word - YES! I already had the first part of the trilogy and there is one big difference between the individual games and The Complete Journey: Developers commentary. You might ask; Why would this make a big difference? Well first of all, the commentary is written by the creative director of Daedalic Entertainment Jan Müller-Michaelis better know as 'Poki'. Who gives the player not only a look behind the screens, but also hilarious facts and discussions between himself, other developers or characters of the game. Which all adds up quite a few hours to the playtime. Believe me after listening to him for a while, you would want to learn German to play the game in the original language.Even though I could continue to ramble onwards about the positive sides of this game, let's switch to it's negative points. Let me first start with saying that during my Journey through Deponia, I encountered a fair amount of bugs. Most of them small and only ennoying, there was also one big game breaking bug. But don't be afraid future inhabitants of Deponia, most of the bugs have already been squashed by regular patches.Conclusion: This is one of those games that after finishing it, you would want to forget everything about it, just so that you could play it again with the same anticipation as the first time. Definitely a recommendation!"
,Recommended,292910,30783548,Posted: 27 March,all,jjoec321,"The plot, the characters, it's just... Good!"
76561198040570742,Recommended,292910,30015642,Posted: 18 February,all,Krzychu,"Sens of my life's gone, when i have finished this game."
,Recommended,292910,28812143,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Killer_Pro_Zero,"I like this art of game so much. Main hero it just top notch he is so funny, selfish, hates everything. Story is very good, many people don't like ending, but guess developers proved with another game that they won't gonna change anything."
,Recommended,292910,33382154,Posted: 8 July,all,EiderSeek,Zabawna przygodówka; gra sie bardzo przyjemnie.
,Recommended,292910,20670004,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dark Raccoon,"It is a really good game, it is a really hard one too."
,Not Recommended,292910,31220520,Posted: 18 April,all,jaiss585,"At first the game is fun and logic; after some hours it becomes illogic and annoying because it forces you to think and do things irrationally.It reminds me Sam&Max. It's NOT intuitive at all. Sometimes it's even very stupid and offensive.The interface is somewhat bugged, sometimes you need two or three clicks on an inventory item, sometimes just one. Puzzles are bad designed and boring.The dialogs in the game repeats every time you click on a spot, even if you've heard the same message just the second before.The humor in the game is something fun for a 15yo child. The graphic is fun but it's the only thing I enjoyed."
,Not Recommended,292910,14085615,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Freak_NL,"The Deponia trilogy is lovely drawn, has good voice-acting throughout, and quite a lot of nice puzzles. The world it describes really piques your interest. It has all the ingredients for a great point-and-click game.So why shouldn't you buy this game for the full price?Well, the game is very much story-driven, and the story is where the problem lies. The overall story itself is good, although it suffers from a really badly written ending. That alone does not warrant a negative review, but the devil is in the details. It feels as if a lot of the story details and puzzles were written without any concern for fitting in with the various characters' personalities. Deponia goes from touching kindness in one scene to ruthless human sacrifices in the other, all performed by the protagnist who is almost, but not quite, likable.The impression I got from this game was that it was created by a talented team of game developers… and the puerile nephew of their primary financer whom they could not refuse to hire.Get this game in the bargain bin during the summer or christmas sale though; it certainly has its good points."
,Recommended,292910,34700855,Posted: 2 September,all,DarkMysticLove,The game will keep you guessing and playing for hours. I like games like this. Also lots of twists.
76561198207750853,Recommended,292910,35135501,Posted: 22 September,all,Policeman Fuck,"Deponia is a great Point and Click Story game by Daedalic which is actually from germany.The protagonist alone is absolutely priceless.Rufus is a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesn't fit in the role he's in.Rufus is going through a lot of hilarious scenarios through out the four games.There's romance,action,comedy everything you need to make a good story.And that's what i became in the end : A great movie that you play through,laugh at and maybe even cry a bit which is a appropriate reaction in some parts in this game(and no im not gonna spoil you).Deponia is a perfect example for a good point and click adventure and i recommend it to everyone who likes story based games and likes to puzzle around a bit.(Deponia Doomsday which is the fourth installment of Deponia doesn't follows the exact storyline of the first three games which isn't a bad thing.It's still pretty good and was also a little reliever for the community XD)"
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,292910,18644253,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Warlord-616x,"really tried to get into it, but the more i played or even heard the devs speak about different things the more i realized this game is not for me.  The puzzles are created not to be generally solvable, but to take you as much time as possible (this is from a devs very strange mouth).The main character is cool and has some funny things, but generally the game i didnt find very amusing and met with more frustration at the abstract everything more often then not.  Nothing is straight foward, and i tended to find i was more frustrated once i solved a puzzle (because it was stupid) then the hours id spend trying to figure them out."
,Recommended,292910,23679186,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Cory In The Hoes,"Nice puzzle game with great story line, I like it"
76561197972675152,Recommended,292910,32385435,Posted: 13 June,all,Dobby #free-ELF,I realy like the storey. The conversation beteewn caracteras are amezing and the storyline is good.
,Recommended,292910,20422755,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Leo Ri,"Huzzah, get it and play! :OActually, i dislike point&click games, ok.. and now i changed my mind )Game with great puzzles, sense of humor, grafic and story! And(!) with Rufus, he is genius! Get it because of Rufuss ideas x)"
76561198050836783,Recommended,292910,16535789,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mrromeijn,"Lets keep it short.In this version all the epsodes of the game are combined and with an added bonus! You get awkard commentary from the creator. He has weird English thanks to being German...Plot.You are an inventor, who hates (and is hated by) everything but himself (who he loves). He wants to leave his planet and go to a haven, but his plans always fail. Left by his father he thought of a plan that almosts works, but down comes Goal (that is her name indeed), she is in a coma from the fall. You will try to wake her up and go with here to the rich planet above by trading her in with a shadowy person who almost has as great a head of hair as you! Hilarity ensues.Gameplay.Standard point and click game style. Use items, combine items and use locations to get to your Goal (notice the capital ""G""?).Graphics.Though nothing that groundbreaking it is still goodlooking, sometimes a bid odd animation but overall very good.Really funny, smart and thank god skippable mini-games! Otherwise I would have rage quit a lot more times then I did (2 times).I played the English verion which had to leave out some jokes, because of translation issues. But characters were decently voiced in the English version and the commentairy was fun too.Too short? it is about 5 times as long as Ruffus his fuse (on the rocket sawblade he just made)"
76561197988440675,Recommended,292910,32982405,Posted: 29 June,all,RAUX,Amazing point and click adventure game. Reminded me of the monkey island series a little. 8/10 story
76561198035643084,Recommended,292910,22385484,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Jr786,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edvJNegWx84If you thought 3 Standalone Deponias were good, then you haven't played the Complete Journey of Deponia from Daedalic Entertainment (LucasArts Germany). It's 90x Better than James Cameron's Elysium which contains ALL 3 Deponia games: Deponia, Chaos on Deponia & Goodbye Deponia plus loads of bonus content that's featured in the Collector's Edition of the Deponia Trilogy... Huzzah! Deponia Collector's Edition!"
76561198072044731,Recommended,292910,20390475,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Burden Chan,"I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who really loves point and click games. The art is nicely done, the story is humourous and interesting and the gameplay is smooth. Deponia can definitely get people who love point and click games to be addicted to it. No joke. #100%Random"
,Recommended,292910,20341288,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Haku Hungerwood,"Yikes! Yes.... It's really hard to find a true, awesome, funny, ""old-but-new"" adventure game these days! But Deponia IS one of them! Like a Monkey Island from another time and another space! But truly in the league of legends (of adventure games, oc! :D)A must-have masterpiece for true adventurers!""Always have your toothbrush!"" :toothbrush:"
,Recommended,292910,16774843,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,radarhead,I give this game one Platypus out of 10! It has minigames! An ending! Puzzles! Characters! A character who is horrible to everyone he meets! An ending! Did I mention that I like minigames?
,Recommended,292910,32509183,Posted: 17 June,all,Chipbag,The complete pack of an exceptional point and click puzzle adventure.
76561198122354912,Recommended,292910,12611765,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Aliganna,"Love this game. Characters are halarious. Story is cute also funny and very cute. Puzzles are tricky, but not complicated."
76561198044152763,Recommended,292910,16502471,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bad_Reaper,"A very beautiful and imaginative point-and-click adventure that deserves to be held with all the other classics. The ending of the entire trilogy is sad, yet cool and resolving."
76561197995508491,Recommended,292910,16507917,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,waschmitteljunky,"Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!Best point and click adventure I know of. Though humor, complex riddles, nice graphics and a main character you hate, no love, no hate, well, it's difficult to say. Made with lots of love for detail."
76561198200417703,Recommended,292910,16650461,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,colin.crossland,"If you were ever a fan of the old Lucas Arts games you will absolutely love this. The animation is great, the humor is spot on more ofton then not and the puzzles are better thought out than most click adventures shoved out the doors these days. Ohh, and the director commentary certain adds a second play through as well."
76561197974116369,Recommended,292910,16916506,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Slippytoad,"The finest point and click I've played for a long time, difficulty is pitched at the right level for the most part."
,Recommended,292910,16901736,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mince,"THis has been an epic adventure so far, just about to start goodbye deponia and i cant stop.Love this game, excellant story and artwork and even a fun take on developers commentary.I always say there two ways point n click do there puzzle logicl story driven types or illogical nonscence, deponia has both icombined  most of the puzzle are story progression yet seem a little trial and error and illogical.dont let my comments on the puzzles put you off your purchase though.This is one of the point and click around"
,Recommended,292910,14089043,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kersjous,
76561198082514316,Recommended,292910,22624286,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PrisvizRu,10 из 10
,Recommended,292910,22367243,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Call Me Otousan,i love this game
,Recommended,292910,16363157,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bean Sídhe,"The Deponia trilogy dumps you right onto the surface of the eponymous junkyard planet - several times, usually badly charred and at terminal velocity - puts you into the shoes of our hero Rufus and then expects you to escape its gravity well using your awesome powers of kleptomania, sexism, egoism, general stupidity, the uncanny talent to befriend enemies and alienate friends, McGuyver skills, and an awesome scarf, on your quest to save the world. Just kidding, screw the world, the agenda is to get out of here and hopefully win the affection of some space ladies.Gameplay-wise, if you have experience with point and click adventures, you have already played this game. The controls are the pinnacle of the genre and its final evolution (disregarding weird experiments like Broken Age's dragging items from the inventory instead of clicking them like a rational human being), complete with a dedicated button to highlight active zones on the screen if you don't feel like pixelhunting. Albeit your pixelhunting skills will prove useful as there are easter eggs that can be collected only by doing so.The story is certainly interesting, and jumps from old-fashioned slapstick to serious themes, the resulting emotional rollercoaster never failing to give you whiplash. It's got plenty of filler, but the characters are memorable and plotholes few.It is also a sort of a character study of Rufus, examining his motivations and constantly putting him into the dark to ask what he is. The answer to the question is always the same. What is the answer? You're going to have to find out.8.5/10"
,Recommended,292910,20485321,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,playingboy,Note this game is very cool but addicting game it has loads of replayablilty definitely worth while on daily deals or just sale :)
76561198107925686,Recommended,292910,17888098,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,™CthulhuTheVirgin®,"I really enjoyed this game, puzzles were fun and challenging, the only downside of the game is probably the ending and the puzzles get really absurd at times, but within acceptance. I definitely recommend this game if you enjoy challenging story puzzles."
76561198137721730,Recommended,292910,26392065,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Snorkack The Kiwi,Really fun and entertaining game. The characters were well thought out and the voice acting is very good. The jokes were subtle and made me laugh out loud at some points. The story is amazing and the characters are lovable. I found the puzzles original and required a lot of attention to solve. Overall an amzing game. 10/10 I would definently play it again.
,Recommended,292910,20953759,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Taiga,It was a good game.
76561198017440770,Recommended,292910,21782390,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Devowra,great game
76561198073285426,Recommended,292910,21574559,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,brendo3,A really great game
76561198030367984,Recommended,292910,17937039,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ExaltedDuck,"I think I've plyaed the entire libraries of Sierra/Dynamx and LucasArts games from the early 80's until around 2000.  I love a good point'n'click adventure.  And this is a good point'n'click adventure.  The music and voice acting are top notch, the puzzles are almost on par with Schafer/Grossman/Gilbert.  Deponia seems to be imagined in a similar vein to the mid-90's LucasArts games, with an absurd setting and hero you're never really sure why you should like but regardless still do.  It kind of felt like the trilogy's narrative through the first two titles was quite a bit more focused than the third, with Goodbye Deponia losing enough cohesiveness that it made me like the first two less.  Especially, the ending didn't really seem to make sense with the characters' personalities.  But at its core, there is a clear love for kooky comedic puzzle solving, and I certainly hope the gang at Daedalic has a long and successful career to continue to express it."
,Recommended,292910,17939064,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ToastRider,"I don't usually play adventure games, but Deponia managed to capture me.Great characters, awesome humor, interesting story, very fine art.I really enjoyed playing Deponia, well worth the invest for a fairly long gameplay, too bad there are very few replayability reasons - but you shouldn't expect an adventure game for any.The gameplay itself was nice, it can be challenging at times, but mostly the missions are fairly simple.Amazing soundtrack.I see no reason not to give Deponia a shot, great experience!"
,Recommended,292910,17977148,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Doctor Doodle,"TL;WR (too long; wont read): If you love point and click adventures, this is worth the money and time. If you don't know, wait for a sale to buy it, and you won't regret it.This is an excellent point and click adventure for any lovers of the genre. The story was great, and so were a lot of the puzzles. I will admit that I would get very stuck at some points, so don't be afraid to use a walkthrough if you end up walking in circles for several hours. The game is a bit buggy on some parts with the captions, but nothing game breaking. The voice acting was pretty good, and the game had plenty of humorous moments where I chuckled to myself. The only real gripe I have with it is the ending. It really could have been wrapped up better. Other than that, I would say to go ahead and buy this if you love point and click adventures. It's a great purchase, and well worth your time."
,Recommended,292910,17906855,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,B-Tap,If you like point and click adventures then you're really going to love this game.
,Recommended,292910,17957277,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lily,"Very good games, laughed the entire way through it. Lots of things don't make sense in it so you might need some help to finish. Only one bad thing to say about this game: the ending is disappointing"
76561198053210487,Not Recommended,292910,18288350,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,peter.blake,"Dear God. This is a game that wants to be about big ethical choices and whether a person can really change, but is actually about feeding people toilet cakes and brewing ersatz coffee.Deponia and its two sequels all have great graphics, vocal perfomances and music, but the plot is terrible. In the first game, you (the player) are forced to make the lead character act like a jerk and then watch him get berated for it. The second game entirely undermines the ending of the first by repeating exactly the same threat as the first game does. The third game explains why the main character can't change (this bit I actually liked) but then makes you sell a woman into slavery and watch her perform for her master.The love interest in all this is stripped of agency at almost every turn, and even the kinda heroic ending (which I won't spoil), is entirely undermined by a humorous bit character. It is also a downer ending and raises more questions than it answers.If you liked the Monkey Island series, by all means try this one, but don't expect to feel good playing it."
76561198145453565,Recommended,292910,28279247,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Milk™,"Loved every second of it. Cut up dolphins, sacrificed children to some sewer monster, and cloned myself repeatedly, nothing like a little chaos to save the trashiest planet around eh?"
76561197970956898,Recommended,292910,33843192,Posted: 27 July,all,Stobislaw,"The game where YOu get into pedophile van to see his pet zoo and You get a copy of his♥♥♥♥♥♥with inked paper so it looks similiar to a psychiatrist cards so You can get an answer from YOur depressed friend so YOu can pretend to be depressed to shrink and get the drugs... RecommendPROS: Awesome characters humour, artwork, atmosphere, dialogues and story. Great music.CONS: Low quality animation. Some puzzles are too crazy or plainly hard and some stages are just too easy."
,Recommended,292910,25166936,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Yukiteno,A wonderful game.But i really need an japanese or chinese Language.
,Recommended,292910,12659881,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Deadly Frontcrab,"Essentially ""Spy-Fox"" for adults, where the main character is a self-centered, yet loveable, dumbass."
76561198095551334,Recommended,292910,24321188,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dingleberry,Toni beat me.. replay.. new game.. quit..? quit? lets do quit because this cant be.. !?!?!?!?!? really? damn u
,Recommended,292910,33366381,Posted: 8 July,all,[TP] jojo328,good game just finished with 40 hours
76561198165430212,Recommended,292910,33235824,Posted: 4 July,all,SOM2 | GanGstar,this game real good game and so funny
,Not Recommended,292910,29075899,Posted: 6 January,all,Zappes,"The first part is really good, the second one even better and the third starts off quite promising - but trust me when I say that the ending is just about the worst one I know. Yes, I played Mass Effect 3. This one is far worse. I also don't think that the ""June Puzzle"" was a good idea, but well, that's just me."
76561198000268553,Recommended,292910,22991352,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Nabo,"Only played the first 10 minutes, i'm hooked.  the narative is really engaging.Do youself a favour."
,Recommended,292910,21451071,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ganglasses,best. game. ever.just. buy. it. dont. ask. why. just BUY IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292910,22785787,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sriste,Frustration + Fixation = Love
,Recommended,292910,19434502,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,IMainAsMissPauling,"This is my first review!  I've just been replaying this game after playing through it a few months ago.  The game is fantastic.  It is the best point-click adventure game I've played since Maniac Mansion back on the NES.  The characters are well developed, the play control is intuitive, the logic flow is tricky, but with just enough hints to get through.  The story is seriously clever. You get really sucked into the plot.  I started off buying just the first game.  At the end, I immediately bought this...I should've just bought this set from the start.The minor play control gripe I have is that the tutorial doesn't tell you that you in fact can skip a lot of the slow walking. If you are moving to a screen you've already been to, you can jump to it (sometimes called zip-mode) by just clicking the orange arrow a couple times.  Also, knowing that the space button reveals all the trigger items is a wonderful feature that, again, should've been in the opening tutorial.The only serious complaint I have is that the last I checked, you are unable to gift the game.  I tried sending it to a friend only to find that I couldn't...it's weird when you want to hand over money but are unable...If you like any of the classic Lucasarts or Doublefine games, seriously, just get this. Don't be scared by the fact that it's done by some random German game company you've never heard of. The english voice actors are all excellent, and the creator-sung song is catchy as Hell (Huzzah, it's catchy as Hell!)"
76561198214660483,Recommended,292910,31978510,Posted: 26 May,all,MrGamer1207,"Per me questa è stata la mia prima e  la più bella avventura grafica, a me piace questo gioco perché la trama è molto intrigante e anche per la continua conversione del piano originale. L'unica cosa che non mi è piaciuta è stata la fine che era abbastanza difficile per me ma per coloro che ascoltano sempre il commento dello sviluppatore che rende un po più facile accettare il finale  nell'ultimo capitolo consiglierei di non ascoltare il commento dello sviluppatore Perché è un piccolo spoiler.Per me questo gioco è una delle migliori grafiche di avventure e credo valga tutti i soldi che costa.In breve, raccomando vivamente Deponia per la storia intrigante e di ben riuscita e poi anche per la grafica degli ambienti che credo sia molto carina."
76561198015083749,Recommended,292910,21872416,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,StayLifted,Anyone that enjoyed Kings Quest or Monkey's Island will love this games art style and humor
,Recommended,292910,33188574,Posted: 3 July,all,achapeto,Its awesome
76561198103651772,Recommended,292910,15603627,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Vigi React,"I'm still on the first part of the trilogy, in Chapter 2, but I feel this game has shown it's worth enough to give it a positive review. If you like The Whispered World, or King's Quest V or VI, or anything similar, you will love this. The voice acting really highlights the humor, and I found myself laughing out loud several times. To the politically correct morons who are too vapid to get the joke, Deponia is MEANT to be offensive. It's very obvious what they were going for when they literally had a woman being traded around as an object. There is nothing in this game more offensive than a typical GTA game, or something like I Have No Mouth And I must Scream or Harvester. Being offended by everything you come across in life is a miserable way to live (and the hallmark of Islam!)"
,Recommended,292910,16432969,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Inferno Dialer,Turned baby dolphins into tuna. Drugged kittens. And sold a black woman into working as a monkey.10/10 would catch platypuses and sing songs again.
76561198170723737,Recommended,292910,24407902,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,cobby0921,Just started the Choas on Deponia.  The story is fantastic!! and I started to like Fufus!
,Recommended,292910,13935112,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sealent,"It reminds me my old childhood with all point and click games.Oh such a wonderful days they were indeed.About the game i strongly reccomend you to try it out.Music,gameplay and atmoshphere are almost perfect"
,Recommended,292910,23475199,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,There's a new Guybrush Threepwood in town.
76561198158444572,Recommended,292910,34537796,Posted: 27 August,all,cana_jury,"I love it. I really, really do."
,Recommended,292910,19695833,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,godproducks,༼ಠل͜ರೃ༽
76561198057075413,Not Recommended,292910,18585481,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,krlkarol,"I am a completionist. I always finish games that i start, read books to the last page and watch series to the last episode. But this time, i had to give up. I was really forcing myself to enjoy this game, and it had some great parts, but near the end of the second game (Chaos on Deponia) i had to quit, i just cannot play it anymore. This game is an insult to my intellect.I am great fan of point n click games and games in general, playing since 1995... And i have never been so repulsed by any adventure game so far. BTW: i loved their other title - Whispered World...The game is tasteless and annoying, while trying, very hard, to be funny. The type of humor used here might be attractive probably only to the main creator, who's commentary is included in this edition. This guy, Poki, well...just hearing him talk makes you want to throw things at the monitor. Oh, and he LLLLOVES minigames...After listening to all his commentaries (ALL of them, i didn't skip any) i realised i will never be able to fully enjoy his games from now on, simply because he is type of person i would never ever want to be friends in the real life.Dialogues are the most boring i have ever  heard, pointless and meaningless, and very, very annoying. Oh, did i mention they are annoying. I mean...really annoying. If you didn't get it i will repeat: annoying. Get it ? ANNOYING!!! Did i say it loud enough? ANNOYING ANNOYING ANNOYING ANNOYING.... HEHE heheeh realy annoying....hehehe ...annoying...one more time ... last time i promise... ANNOYING!!!. Did i say it was the last time? Well...what the hell...its not like you gonna kill me or something, in the end you don't even know me, do you, soo.......AAAANNNOOOOYYYIIINNNNGGGGGG!!!!!! hehehe(if you find the above at least a bit funny, go buy the game)So... sentences above are cover EXACTLY the type of humor that is included in every single (and awfuly looooong) dialogue, game is packed with conversations or monologues like the one above, which makes you only fast forward them.   DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME...."
76561198067692455,Not Recommended,292910,23124449,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GIR,The game is pretty funny. Unfortunately it is unplayable due to multiple heavy bugs.
76561198211633329,Not Recommended,292910,23414250,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,worldinsound,Too many bugs
,Not Recommended,292910,17839409,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,labingo,"Just going to write a short review.Bought the game on sale because I love point and click adventures... I had to stop after chapter 3 because I couldn't stomach all of the mysogony. Horrible taste in character and plot development.I hate to write this without examples and proof, but I feel it's the kind of post that will just get torn to shreds by the fanboys. I was disapointed, I just want the developers to know. I was hoping to enjoy a game, and instead left feeling horrible. Day ruined."
,Not Recommended,292910,17275310,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,thomas_a_fung,"The game WAS good but was let down by a bad ""conclusion"", which made the whole series seem terrible when you look back at it.What could have been a great game to remember and replay, was destroyed by the ending making me want to forget the whole thing.All that time playing the game, connecting with the characters and acknowledging their efforts... all for a dissapointment and slap in the face to most fans and supporters.We get it, in reality things dont go as planned, the hero doesnt always ""win"" etc.BUT.Games allow you to escape from the disapointments of reality.  Overcome the impossible.  Succeed!Don't play unless you want to waste your time and have no closure to a game that could have been great."
76561198033108104,Not Recommended,292910,30382504,Posted: 7 March,all,speaksoapcube,"I can't stop playing games by Daedelic, but I always need walkthrough guides to get thru them. They aren't super intuitive but I like the characters and the animation."
76561198029385288,Not Recommended,292910,19755914,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Reginald the Previously Dead,"Let me start off by saying that I loved deponia. Adventure games to me were always more about visuals, themes, and stories than actual gameplay. This is why I can forgive the downright ludicrous puzzle solutions and poor animations. The complaints that the game is ""sexist"" or ""racist""  I believe are silly as well. They make it sound as if Rufus is aware that he is being an♥♥♥♥♥ which you will quickly learn that he is always blissfuly ignorant of what is truely happening and the consequences of his actions. Back on point, the reason I am not recomending Deponia is that it's ending is a great big stab in the gut to anyone who was invested enough to finish the game by completely negating everything you worked for, solving NONE of the initial goals you set out for, and ruining what emotional value the game could of had by having a side character (that appeared in only 3 scenes if I remember correctly) explain why and what you should be feeling and then being subjected physical comedy.Yes, I'm writing this review in an impassioned state of anger and frustration; I realize that might effect the validity of my review. Unless you want to end up like me, however, I suggest you just don't bother with this game. It will only leave you angry, dissatisfied, and with a little less hope for this industry."
76561198167790563,Not Recommended,292910,17798396,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Buggus,"Pros:- Runs on every platform: Linux, Mac, and Windows- Consistent, catchy art style- Story-driven questline, but...*Cons:- *A trainwreck of a 'romantic comedy' set amid the unintended tragedy of patriarchal, deeply sexist, non-diverse world- With that special touch of an utterly unrelatable protagonistGave this a try for being a native-Linux title. That's 4 hours I'll never get back."
76561198353375541,Recommended,292910,34540997,Posted: 27 August,all,offizieller FvFdnkwkdSma15Sh,if you don`t play this one you must be mentally challenged.one of the best of its kind.
,Not Recommended,292910,29847037,Posted: 11 February,all,taytertOOT,"This game is one of the most boring games I've had the displeasure of playing. Majority of the puzzles make very little sense - It got to the point I needed a walkthough. That takes a lot of fun out of the game, when the only way to progress is awkward puzzles with long winded solutions. The character (and the developer commentary) is cocky and lacking. Very little direction is given, minus the 'I can't do that!' from the character. The cutscenes are long, and is pretty much irrelvant. Don't waste your time or your money."
,Not Recommended,292910,21879208,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Red Herring,First screen all garbled/10
76561198104195610,Not Recommended,292910,17943367,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,lordeagle,"I love dark humor and I loved most of the dark humor of the game but there are things you cannot joke about. For example there is only one black girl from the series and we sell her to play as a monkey. This is absoulutely racism. Also there is a pedophile in the game where the protagonist encourages children to go into pedo's caravan. The racism and pedophile is not something you can joke about and this is stepping out of line. They shouldn't be in the game unless you criticize it somehow but they make a humor out of it. Even dark humor has its limits. I did not even tell you about the sexualism where the protagonist insults women or letting children eaten by a monster.If your stomach can handle these things then it is one of the best point & click adventure games. If not then either do not start to play the game or do not play goodbye deponia. The only reason I am not recommending this game is that the racism, pedophile, sexism and dark humor in the game. Everything else is perfect. I loved the game's story, characters, graphics and atmosphere but some parts of the game I mentioned disturbed me."
,Not Recommended,292910,17032773,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,batty808,"Wow, after playing it and having fun, the ending just ruined it for me.  I can't recommend anyone else to buy or play this game.Much better adventure games out there that don't leave you feeling like the devs sucker punched you and run away yelling ""thanks for the cash, loser""."
,Recommended,292910,12734826,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mete0r,Good game ! You have to read everything if you want to find out the solution.
76561197976904320,Not Recommended,292910,35173484,Posted: 24 September,all,riebmann,"The scene design is is nice and polished, but I didn't like the dry wit. Either I didn't get the logic behind the puzzles, or they really are frustrating trial and error puzzles: collect everything, don't miss anything, try to combine everything with everything hoping for the most absurd result... The music started to annoy me rather fast and tries too hard to be ""cool""."
,Not Recommended,292910,15019450,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Biblin,"A promising first part and middling to fair second part leads into a krass, sexist and jaw-droppingly racist finale.If you're interested in the seperate games, Deponia isn't half bad. The puzzles are good, and sensible rather than obscure. The humour is reasonable and it has an enjoyable storyline.There is a slight undercurrent which, when viewed from the right angle and without the context of the final game could be mistaken for riské irony. For example the female love interest and primary plot thread called ""Goal"". Oh yes ha, I see what you did there. Very good.The second game suffers primarily from much poorer puzzles. A spattering of comedy accents which again, from an optimistic point of view, are treading the line but in good humour.Then we get to part 3, which features a heavily implied paedophile trying to lure children into his caravan, and selling a black woman to be a monkey for an organ grinder. No, really. That one screen (They're both on the same one) puts the entire trilogy in a completely different light and will leave you very uncomfortable for the (far too long) remainder. If you can stomach continuing at all.Deponia on it's own is decent if you can bury your head in the sand like a Frank Miller fan and pretend it's just good fun. But there's no way I could possibly recommend this after that kind of revelation."
,Not Recommended,292910,15969587,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mneh,The ending sucked.
,Recommended,292910,29528589,Posted: 27 January,all,Otto Gross,"T_T Don't buy it, you'll only get tears and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending T_T10 плачущих Оттцов из 10"
76561198040955960,Not Recommended,292910,13960923,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nebulon-B_Frigate_FTW,"An oldschool adventure game with modern graphics. You'll probably love it if you have plenty of nostalgia for the glory days, but as a newcomer, I found the game at best mildly interesting and at worst downright annoying.The gameplay here is weak due to extremely illogical inventory puzzles that only get worse as you near the end, and thus you essentially have to either spend hours trying every possible combination or read a step-by-step guide. The worst is the second acts of the first two parts, and the last act of the last, as they introduce too many items and too many locations at once, overwhelming you and effectively forcing use of a guide. Minigames, which are rather common, are a welcome change of pace, but are still at times nothing but frustration with little reward.The story is alright, but unfortunately, you play as the worst (most dishonest, sexist, egotistical, immature, narcissistic, and downright unlikable) character in the game. The humor is awful, due in perhaps no small part to a pretty much literal translation from German, as well as extreme repetition of things that were never funny in the first place.The visuals are great, and are by far the best part of the game.Steer clear unless the genre itself is sufficient for you."
76561198044790690,Not Recommended,292910,14358211,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Krisslott,"Started playing the first part after buying the collection on sale. Art, puzzles and world building is decent but the game is brought down beyond redemption by its main character, a completely unlikeable♥♥♥♥♥♥who is about as funny as a dead rat. I came here to reviews hoping to read about him somehow redeeming himself later on, but that just don't seem like the case."
76561197986484371,Not Recommended,292910,16814317,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Upgrayedd,"Many parts of this game were funny. For all the best parts there are just as much bad and baffling letdowns in the story.One of the main reasons I am downvoting it is the director. He is annoying (not just because of that stupid accent), but because he cannot resist putting himself in the game over and over and over again. His directors cut button on screen actually covered a quest node at one point and when you turn it off it keeps coming back up when you enter a new area. He makes appearances in the game and has to sing the them songs which is funny until his collective ego ruins that. It comes off as ""Hey guys you all know me."" like hes Kojima, Fargo or Levine. Its like they say, when comedy writers cant figure out how to end a story they use singing."
76561198036644592,Not Recommended,292910,30274025,Posted: 1 March,all,blindsided,"Spent hours trying to solve a puzzle, only to discover in the discussion forums that I couldn't get through it because of a bug! And the only way to get around this was to download a different save file and use that. Very annoyed. Do not download this game unless they fix this bug (but the bug has remained unfixed for quite some time apparently - the one about the magnetic field gizmo and the pigeons). Apparently there are more bugs further on in the game too. Time to give up. I regret the time and money I've spent on this game."
76561198066521909,Not Recommended,292910,19053173,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,DrunkGamer,"I wish I had read more reviews before purchasing this game.Charming game, with a terrible ending (reminded me of mass effect all over again). Given that this is a game with a strong focus on the story, it really makes the entire journey a waste of time. The game did have lots of potential, but given that the developers confirmed there were no additional chapters in the saga, I truly wish I could get my money and time back.Would not recommend."
76561198066075944,Not Recommended,292910,20698212,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,jackson1292000,"I don't like this game, it's annoying and full of bugs."
76561198118348938,Not Recommended,292910,24513189,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,clinton,Some Mini-Games don't work (e.g. meerkat egg)Help screen has bugs.Irritating for a puzzel game!!
,Not Recommended,292910,15119679,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,FordGT90Concept,"I think this is best put in a pro (+)/con (-) list as my brain hits them:+long (>30 hours--ridiculous for a point & click adventure)-too long (I was ready to be done with it by reaching Chaos on Deponia content)-commentary was not good (lost interest frequently, not much said was particularly interesting, tried too hard to be funny and failed)+/-game has some funny parts but they're few and far between; I was convinced it would endless laughs like Jazz Punk but it definitely isn't.  In terms of comedy, it doesn't stand out.-I encountered one gamebreaking bug and several non-gamebreaking bugs-There are situations where the UI gives an impression that you've encountered a game breaking bug when, in fact, the game is trying to force you to do something without giving clear indication what that something is.-(poor) illusion of choice.  It is abundantly clear almost immediately that none of your choices matter even though it gives you choices.  For me, this destroyed immersion.-Related to above:The ending should have got me tearing up but it didn't at all.  I apparently didn't care about any of the characters anymore by that point.+the tunes sang during chapter transitions are really catchy.+/-the core story would be good if it wasn't dragged out so much and further complicated.+I know I got my monies worth.I wish I could give it recommendation of ""meh"" but there's no option between ""yes"" and ""no.""  Seeing all of those minus signs above and a lot of those being major, I can't, in good faith, go with ""yes.""  I will provide one caveat though: if youlovelong point and click adventures, I would recommend it to you.  In general though, no."
,Recommended,292910,23865660,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,5rewas',cool nice
76561198099275658,Not Recommended,292910,19506913,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,monkeymadness,"I bought the complete collection at the 90% discount because I loved the first two games in the series. Worst decision ever! I was just starting to play Goodbye Deponia at the time. Long story short, the last game killed it for me in the series. Because of that I really only wished I played the first game and called it good. It reminds me of some movie trilogies out there that also should have ended after the first: Karate Kid, Back to the Future, Honey, I shrunk the Kids, Spiderman, the Mighty Ducks, Men in Black, this list can really go on forever. My advice, don't buy any of these games or only play the first otherwise you will be left unsatisfied and out quite a bit of money like me.Check out my other point and click adventure reviews as well as an in depth review of each Deponia game on my page!"
,Not Recommended,292910,17928664,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,cargenx,too many bugs could not complete
,Not Recommended,292910,21340915,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Barsook,The game is too hard and it feels like you have click around to get the answer without any puzzles to solve.
76561198138802576,Not Recommended,292910,23073524,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,andru.garman,Repetitive nonsense. The music is the only redeeming feature of this game.
76561198194541089,Not Recommended,292910,23983706,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Funshine,"I only played this for about an hour before I uninstalled. Apparently I am not smart enough for this game, because I had to keep looking at a walkthrough to figure out what to do. The art style is very nice to look at, but I wasn't a fan of the main character. I couldn't fathom playing with him for many, many hours, so I deleted the game. Just not my cup of tea, I guess, but I can see why other people like this type of game."
76561198051616250,Not Recommended,292910,19137583,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Spaz,"I really wanted to give this a thumbs up and be able to recommend it, because it really does have some awesome things about it.  The tongue-in-cheek humor at times is quite funny, and Rufus himself is just .. well. so oblivious to his own nature.The problem arises when you get to the final leg of the game. - Goodbye Deponia.  It is just awful.  In every way.  For me, it ruined everything that came before it.Rufus has always made inappropriate comments throughout the game and that was ok for the most part because it was part of his personality and there was no real malice behind the comments, just him being selfish and ego-centric as usual.  In Goodbye Deponia, however, his comments begin to stray heavily to a malicious nature which was no longer funny, just insulting and offensive.In addition, in Goodbye Deponia, they went too far, straying far beyond humour and deep into the realm of very bad taste.   I literally sat there .. thunderstruck with utter disbelief .. trying to wrap my head around the content that involves June (& Goon).   The only black female character is sold to play the part of a monkey for the organ grinder who looks like an actual monkey.  Just shocking.  Then they have her almost naked and dancing for him.The final straw was the horrible, horrible, horrible ending.  I sat there and kept expecting something to happen.. until I saw it say ""The End"".   Uhhhh. you can't be serious!  Really? that's how it ends?  It was an awful ending.  The ending could have been salvaged by perhaps having multiple endings possible.. but nope.  Just a really crappy ending.  It killed the entire game.I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,292910,34139117,Posted: 9 August,all,j.mark.brooks,"Good art and production values, but a rather high price unless acquired via some sort of sale or bundle deal. An unlikeable protagonist, occasionally illogical puzzles that require you to try a failing strategy multiple times to succeed on occasion, which is weird. Mini-games, some are fun, some merely tedious, but at least you can skip them. Simple story ruined by the ultimate ending, though it could be worse. It may be that a certain kind of humor or narrative doesn't translate well between cultures, not sure. Cannot recommend for the price.  If you can get it cheap, it might be okay, but it will likely frustrate you unless you are very bored or don't mind relying on guides."
,Not Recommended,292910,15091961,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,lods of emone probly,"The puzzles are creative and the art is colorful and fun, but in general, everything else falls flat.  The dialogue is written with the same awkwardness as someone laughing at their own bad joke while they tell it:  it's not funny, and the fact that the person telling it can't stop being impressed with themselves for telling it is only making it less tolerable.I got a little ways into part two, and I completely lost interest when two characters were able to argue about Goal's personality because she doesn't actually have one. Leaving aside the implications of having the only major female character be a literal burden for the entire first third, and more than one reference of the main character insisting that the unconscious, baby-talking, brain-damaged woman ""belongs"" to him, the entire game is predicated on the idea that there are two women in the universe: one is the hateful ♥♥♥♥♥ ex-girfriend that needs to be medicated to be manageable, and the  beautiful coma patient whose brain can be manipulated to be whatever the hero wants (and it marks his growth as a hero when he DOESN'T leave her a sweetly mindless maidservant).It's been a long time since I played a game that was this outright sexist.I really wish I could get a refund for this garbage."
,Not Recommended,292910,32884067,Posted: 27 June,all,InnuendoSA,"After spending so much time on the game, you start to care about the Plot and Characters.. and what is your rewarded for Finishing the Game???>The Worst Ending I ever saw!!!!!!!!I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off for buying the game!!!!Thanks Daedalic for waisting my Money and Time!!!!!!"
76561198132460314,Not Recommended,292910,19898947,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,aardvarkpepper,"Got it cheap.  But if I had it to do over again, I wouldn't buy the game.  The main character is without redeeming qualities, and you have to do a lot of questionable things to progress.  I don't mean Trevor in GTA V questionable or Sakura (fill in blank) questionable, I mean questionable as in asking yourself ""why am I playing this game controlling this pointless ****.""If you have strong antisocial tendencies or have no morals or taste, then this game is worth looking at, otherwise I'd give it a miss."
76561198080883824,Not Recommended,292910,32946933,Posted: 28 June,all,jeffowick,"A rather unlikeable main character in a rather unlikeable game.  The art is goregeous, but that's about the only really good think about this game.  Most of the puzzles are either way to easy or overly complicated.  The writing is the absolute worst part of the game. The game is full of emotionally stunted characters that make bad jokes at the expense of of others.  Which is too bad, because the world, a giant scrap-heap, junk world, seems like a really cool concept. but they populated it with boring, textbook tropey characters who make jokes that might have been appealing to middle school kids in the 1980's.  If you're looking for a game with good dialogue, a satisfying ending, or more than 2 clever puzzles, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,292910,24300144,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The BDG,"The main protagonist is an absolute jerk to everyone at all times. He is literally the embodiment of how to be a stereotypical narcissist. You would think that this would make him unique in the world, but no all of the people in this game are just as bad as him. There is only one character in this whole game they just gave that one person different faces and voices.This is just boring as hell as a result. Imagine if the entire show of South Park was just Eric Cartman clones telling each other they were useless. That is this game.I would not recommend this game because it is impossible to care about so many self centered ♥♥♥♥♥ at all. I did not feel like I wanted to move forward into the story at all because no matter what you do it is still a terrible place inhabited by terrible people. If you want to experience even some of the hate everyone in this game has, just move to New Jersey and tell them you are from New York. I bet you still get treated better than how the people in this game act."
76561198100097056,Not Recommended,292910,32569008,Posted: 19 June,all,Starcrawler,It is a droll cliche' ...
76561198001584035,Not Recommended,292910,18281067,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BobMammoth,Too childish for a grown-up.
,Not Recommended,292910,14307285,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,J''',I liked the art.I disliked everything else.
76561198017932068,Not Recommended,292910,28352462,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,rukkirääk,"An old-school quest with nice animation, few good jokes, even less logical puzzles and a decent amount of stupid minigames. You have to be able to accept the logic of the game designers to get past most scenes, and it's often sick. So, only if you enjoyed old Lucas Arts quests, you will probably love Deponia."
,Not Recommended,292910,13760824,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,hyosho,Tapped out 10 minutes in when I got to gross transphobia. Shame.
76561197983214925,Not Recommended,292910,25977419,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Zero,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AS IT IS!There are currently a number of game-breaking bugs that make it so you CAN NOT complete the game. Literally puzzles are broken, and some are completely unresponsive. Some of these puzzles can be skipped, but it takes away from the joy of besting the game system, or solving things yourself. The bugs are well-known and people have been directed to fix it by going to the Deponia site when they get stuck and download save games that makes you lose your own progression and places you roughly after the puzzle you want solved (but may have solved some other puzzles you didn't even get a chance to see).This game seriously looks like it's got great story and a lot of heart and I REALLY hope that I get a chance to play it for real some day. Unfortunately I played too long already trying to figure out the issues to get my Steam refund."
,Not Recommended,292910,13845122,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,wk.z,"I really hate to give this game a negative recommendation, but it is way to sexist. I'm writing this review in the middle of the second part and the only female characters besides main lady (who is unconscious most of the time) are either for comic relief or grumpy.The game plays greatly with nice art and animations and reasonable (and skipable) puzzles, but female character writing is really bad so far. Shame, that is."
,Not Recommended,292910,28505106,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,noxteryn,"I only bought this because of the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews. I tried, but I couldn't get into it. I found the protagonist too unlikeable, the pacing too tedious, the puzzles too obtuse, the art design too cluttered. It was as if someone played Monkey Island and then tried to create a similar game, without actually understanding what made Monkey Island a good game in the first place. For example, Guybrush may be a bumbling buffoon, but he is also very charismatic and charming and resourceful. Rufus is simply a loser. A pathetic loser with delusions of grandeur, oblivious to the fact that literally everyone who knows him hates his guts."
,Not Recommended,292910,28062553,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sonic the Hedge Fund,"The ending is a lame diabolus ex machina, just like Edna & Harvey. The Germans have an ideological aversion to satisfying endings. No seriously, look it up the writer said so himself."
,Not Recommended,292910,25598150,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ben Gordon,FIX YOUR BLOODY SCREEN POSITION PROBLEMS
76561198132142450,Not Recommended,292910,35037533,Posted: 17 September,all,DapperBulbasaur,"I only played like an hour so I guess I can't really talk much, but I just kinda went ""meh."" It didn't give me a good enough reason to continue and I know i didn't play long enough to form a good review, but I was not drawn into within the first hour, and so I felt a little underwhelmed."
76561198058419347,Not Recommended,292910,29135478,Posted: 8 January,all,Enraged,"I am a newcomer to this genre, and am very dissapointed, I do not recommend this game, first and foremost because the devs make a joke out of the player, insinuating you are just too stupid to not know what to do next at least in the beginning of the series. Despite that, i wanted to like it because of the puzzles and some jokes that where funny and all.I had to finish the game because it was on winter sale offer, i don´t like to leave games unfinished, and was tricked by the early high ratings it had at the time, such a big mistake. The game was crappy, maybe the idea was good, but the execution, god, so terrible, every ending, wow, so dissapointing, they leave you with the feeling to not play it anymore and finish the damn story. I had to erase my other games and only had this one to play so i could finish it once and for all, motivating myself several days before attempting to open it <--- This is the most precise example of how a game shouldn´t be made.In the end, i think the devs wanted to pass on the idea of ""life sucks, nothing you do matters, and suck it""  (come to think of it, i think the devs need a therapist or need to stop making this kind of games, because it´s bad for their health)Man, i would recommend this game for those people out there that are sadists, like to live with low self esteem and drag other people with them, and have something wrong in their head, i am sure they would defend this game by heart."
76561198359609804,Not Recommended,292910,33680224,Posted: 20 July,all,bri.antonette827,"It was ridiculously hard to figure out each puzzle (because some things were just nonsensical) but the biggest issue was some of the things i saw in the reviews later. It's full of racism, sexism, and just overall disturbing jokes really so l don't recommend this. I'm not even sensitive to humor, I love dark and dry humor but the jokes just got too much at times and when it wasn't incredibly dark and or offensive (I mean that in the fact that at one point you literally sell a black person as a monkey) the joke just fell flat early."
,Not Recommended,292910,23057472,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,scarlet-bot,"Can I return this game? What a waste of 6 dollars. Don't buy this game if you're not a man, it'll just repeatedly kick you in the teeth with utterly predictable misogny. The developer's commentary just gives extra incentive to hate the writers for their ridiculously long-winded justification for their tired jokes. The game starts with this stupid intro sung by a musical ""hobo"" that reminds me of the humor that was popular in the early 2000s when I was a 12 year old.Also, doesn't help that after all this time it's been out, the game is still buggy, within the first hour I played it, the text overflows off the screen quite often.There are MUCH better point and click's out there and much better uses of your money."
76561198006712815,Not Recommended,292910,33496305,Posted: 12 July,all,Il15S,The puzzles follows no logical order whatsoever! Something out of the dev mind and his low IQ mind only!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS RUBBISH
76561198045435890,Not Recommended,292910,12682309,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,jegr73,This game crashes and is full of bugs.  I've tried now for a year to get a refund but instead they game me this new version - and surprise it's crashing again and I still can't finish the game.  Don't bother.
76561198097988577,Not Recommended,292910,16336365,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,chaoschick13,"I would never recommend this game to anyone. It is sexist, racist, homophobic, and transphobic. It has a nasty attitude towards children and pedophiles and the homeless.Seriously, save your money."
,Not Recommended,292910,25248609,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JsGato,And the spanish?you never make the translation into Spanish
76561198066461815,Not Recommended,292910,29194407,Posted: 11 January,all,Captain Sum Ting Wong,iv played they whole saga and games like this arnt supose to make you want to look up guides. you have to or your never going to finish the damn thing. the joke where weak and dry. the main character is the cleashai doosh who is unlikeable at first and will remain that way. the only remembered was whene you broke up a cupple from true love help a peddo look at some kids and then making the black girl of the couple dance in a nuke monkey outfit after selling her to slavery then later feed said kids to a monster just to get one stupid as hell item for your father or that was happy that he left you for dead as an infant. ps. im not that great at spelling or that i care enough [DO NOT BUY!] i got mine for like 5 bucks
,Not Recommended,292910,24015736,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,eszvgy,"Init failed, could not load game. There is no game file or the game file is corrupted. For more info view messages.log.!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,292910,29197653,Posted: 11 January,all,Jay Diva,BRO THE MAIN CHARACTER SELLS THE ONLY BLACK CHARACTER INTO BEING A MONKEY AND IT'S PLAYED FOR LAUGHS
76561198059679917,Not Recommended,292910,31088479,Posted: 11 April,all,King Ramun,Bad ending
76561198035137148,Not Recommended,292910,31112729,Posted: 13 April,all,MaxML415,"I was mildly put off throughout the series by the developers' tasteless sense of humor. but when i arrived at a deeply racist scene in the third chapter, I couldn't go on. pretty graphics and nostalgic gameplay aren't enough. it's trash."
76561198310275418,Not Recommended,292910,24019302,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lhall00,THis game is very hard to play. I cannot find items requested. If someone can help me I would appreciate it.
76561197982966474,Not Recommended,292910,30590499,Posted: 18 March,all,Arriving Raptor,This game really hates women.
76561198168353142,Recommended,292910,19172221,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,danieruru,"Game play is fairly good. If you are like me and played the old Lucas arts adventures back in the day and play them through again in ScummVM every once in a while you'll probably like this although the writing isn't as good and the main character doesn't develop as you would expect.I played the Linux version and it does have a few bugs; Your settings never save properly. Sometimes it'll lose your graphics settings when you start the games, sometimes it's impossible to get rid of the large icon for the developer commentary... There also seem to be a few strings in the subtitles that haven't been translated into English and appear in German.The overall ending of the game is apparently very bad (apparently bad enough to ruin the whole story) so I have stopped playing the third chapter before it goes downhill. As mentioned the writing isn't as good as something like the old Lucas arts games but it's good enough that you want to find out what happens and considering it's basically a love story you would have expected there to be an alternative happy ending if the horrible one really had to go in there."
76561198102805525,Recommended,292910,19279722,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bdog737,Well written and totally humorous point and click adventure.  One of the best.
76561198007479143,Recommended,292910,19476535,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zwicken (7w34kr),"This game is filled with dark humor. I was soo dissatisfied with the ending that I checked to forums from the country it orginated from (Germany) with google translate. There will not be another sequel. To my surprise, the producer actually answered questions on the forum. The game is really funny but ending is worse than that of Star Wars: Republic Commando. An ending cannot♥♥♥♥♥♥you off unless you really enjoyed the game. It♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the US and Germany."
76561198128150356,Recommended,292910,19463240,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Smurfin USA,"Incredible art, characters, story, humour, and gameplay. I've played a number of point-and-clicks; Deponia is the best in every respect. I've never laughed out loud so often in a game. It's linear but it often has a few ongoing tasks and you can get items in any order.Normally I hate idiotic protagonists, but somehow everything that this protagonist ruins just makes him more loveable. I never once thought that I would enjoy watching the exploits of a total jerkwad screwup but the writing will make you super invested in his awe-inspiring story.I'd recommend it to anybody with at least a little patience. You don't have to be a fan of point-and-clicks, I'm not even a fan of them myself."
,Recommended,292910,19549066,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Zen Kiivi,"I really liked this game. Some questions were left non answered, or there were few problems, that I would like have solve. But they were just inserted as a joke or left without notice. I liked this from start to the very end, which was somehow something that I didn't expect (the end I mean). Or did expect, but didn't want to happen. Definetely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story. It's a big plus if you like point and click games. Fairly much to play, it took around 26 hours to complete this game. Not all Achiements, but the story."
,Recommended,292910,19484629,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,RedTurtle,Okay...This game is.....Awesome!But the ending....Its........Well i wont say!
76561198032569351,Recommended,292910,19393503,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,martin,Great game one of my farvourits the story is amazing but it is hard to complete without an online guide because there is no option in game that gives you the finnal hint. But again that does't make it a bad game :).
76561197971830997,Recommended,292910,13127700,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,korn152,"Worth every penny. I wasn't much of a point & click gamer, but this game is an exception!Hilarious, nice visual and interesting characters (especially the main character, annoyingly interesting).I didn't realised how much time I spent on it until it's 2 am."
,Recommended,292910,13522371,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NightHawk,Great game and definitely worth the money! It's funny and clever and I loved every minute of it =)I wish there was more than 3 tho =(
,Recommended,292910,13484286,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,anarki,"This game features 15 species of platypi. 10/10.Not joking, though. This game is good for any point-and-click adventurers out there."
76561198024969911,Recommended,292910,13488504,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Yendor,"If you enjoy -- or have ever enjoyed -- point-and-click adventure games, you owe it to yourself to give Deponia a try. This one contains all three games, with commentary (but don't listen to it until your second playthrough).Rufus is a typical adventurer. By which I mean [to use a non-spoiler analogy], he is the type to steal an employee badge left on the table because obviously the badge is needed to enter the emplyee-only area which has, err, um... well I'm sure once he gets there he'll find something worthwhile to steal er I mean borrow.  Except unlike the typical adventurer, his friends notice his antics and are not reassured by his explanations of why he is rummaging through your closet looking for a crowbar.The whole game/trilogy is filled with over-the-top antics. Said antics include occasionally ridiculous puzzle solutions, so don't be shy about using hints and/or walk-through."
76561198140963516,Recommended,292910,13802230,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zentel [Trading 15 keys],"A hilarious game about the idiotic actions of a self-centered guy named Rufus and better yet THREE games combined into one. This is one of the funniest and most entertaining point and click games I have played in my life (in my opinion). It includes extra contents like soundtracks, workbooks etc. The puzzles can take a bit of thinking and make you frustrated along with some glitches here and there but if you stay around you would discover the beauty of this game."
,Recommended,292910,13804348,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ApacheSquirreL,"If you've been hankering for something to rival The Secret of Monkey Island for 24 years (yes it has been that long!) then look no further. Deponia's art style, humour and crazy puzzles will take you back.  If you are new to the genre, then I'm not sure what to tell you, this might be like asking you to enjoy Galaga or PacMan without the nostalgia.If you've played it this actually reminds me more of 'Full Throttle' from Lucas arts, it has a similar art style and the odd cutscene in a simlar style. (that game is still worth a play through if you can find it on ebay).Despite what others have said, the puzzles are logical and you shouldn't get stuck for 'too' long on any of them. It does require some lateral thinking here and there.  I recommend you have the subtitles on, the somewhat mad creator likes to sing the interlude songs with his comedy accent, he also has a cameo appearance as a rather annoying gondola boatman.Overall recommended if you like point and click.  Its had 20 hours from me and will likely have 20 more. This is a trilogy of three games and I'm only part way into the second."
,Recommended,292910,13661612,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Carsten,A great point&click adventure. It's not classic Lucas Arts but it's really close - most jokes are quite funny and some really made me laugh - the puzzles are challenging but still logical and the story is enjoyable and interesting.Also it works great on Linux (Mint with 3.16.0-25 kernel in my case) no problems with multi-monitor settings (chooses the main monitor) and no crashes at all.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,292910,13761999,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Masamune,"I played a few point and clicks in my younger years, I have the Deponia to series for making me remember my love for the genre.Although the protaginist Rufus isnt exactly everyones cup of tea, Daedalic's mastery at creating beautiful worlds and characters are more then enough to keep you along for an enjoyable ride!A must play for fans of the point and click genre."
,Recommended,292910,13680275,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Satanic Hamster,"Fun game, great story, suggest cheating your♥♥♥♥♥off with a guide as most of the puzzles / item combinations are a bit maddening/nutz/hard to figure out.A bit disappointed in the ending, but very well done."
76561198146984291,Recommended,292910,13729671,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bobblehead Buddha,"This is your standard kind of point and click adventure game. It is fun an funny as you run around playing a rougish tinkerer on a quest to leave his junkyard planet home for the promise of something better.Really, if you've played a point and click adventure game, you know what you're getting yourself into. It is all about puzzles and all about figuring out the best way to use the things that you have in order to progress. There are times when you'll get stuck, but with this game's charm it will manage to pull you back in again and keep trying things until you can move on.Deponia is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,292910,13722296,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Vanilla,Best Sad Story forever!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292910,14632683,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ryunigia❃,"soo i had played the first journey before which i truly enjoyed, so i bought this since for some reason its way cheaper then buying the 2nd and 3th part even though it means rebuying the first part as well >.<...anyway my main issue here was even though i liked the game most of the time (even though you have to play as a gaint ***hole) the humor still mostly makes up for all the bad parts. but sadly as do many , i really dislike the ending i just hoped for some happy suprise but then nope... even the ending at 2nd part or the 1st part i enjoyed more then the last one.so kinda forced to walk away with a bit of a saggy feelling about it... either way the adventure itself was still fun however dont buy this at its current price i got for about 10$ which is worth it (not 40$@#)"
76561198019673114,Recommended,292910,14612558,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,antoshkka,"It was pretty interesting and the scenario is unique and funny. Ending is not really good and some chapters are too long, but I'd rather recommend  this game."
,Recommended,292910,13818249,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tallens,"This isn't the first point-and-click adventure I've played, but it won't certianly be my last.This was probably the most enjoyable game i've ever played, sinking 17 hours into it over three days.As seen in the title, this is the complete journey including Deponia 1, Deponia 2, and Deponia 3. As such, I'll be doing 3 small reviews, based on each game.Deponia:This is the first game, as you've probaby learned. It's got a bit of a corny feel in the beginning, but I quickly grew to like it, and understood that this game is not meant to be serious. It's got plenty of interesting characters, locations, and some great voice actors. While this game is pretty difficult after the first area, and I'm not ashamed to admit I used a walkthrough in alot of the game, I can see where it would be possible without them. It leaves off to a mediocre ending, but with the money gained from this, the company made the next two games brilliant.Deponia 2:With better cutscenes, music, writing and etc., It's a great sequel. With brilliant artwork, It kept me entranced, even through the slump that most media goes through in the middle episode. It keeps you excited from the very beginning, and kept me excited until the very end.Deponia 3:It's better in every way than either of the previous games. It's hard for me to talk about much without revealing the ending, plot twists, or anything really. It's an amazing game. Play all of them.Overall:These games are beautiful, immense, and deep. They are worth the price, and I am probably going to do another playthrough, listening to the developer commentary. Also, those ""Huzza!"" transitions are pretty amazing."
,Recommended,292910,19985373,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Facepalm,Great comical point-and-click adventure game.
,Recommended,292910,19981115,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WaffleDealer,"A true point and click, one of the games that you sometimes need a walkthrough for, just like back when.Not holding your hand, and most puzzles are puzzles that you have to figure out yourself, some far fetched, but weren't the old games too?Also characters are hate/love, Rufus can be someone you hate, or someone awesome, same with Goal.All in all, you like it, or hate it.I, I LOVE IT"
76561198000661930,Recommended,292910,20037569,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Little Kami,pretty good.
,Recommended,292910,20646127,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,vV15hB0n3,"Game is very unplayable! cannot find anyone else who has this problem. All drivers are up to date so thats not the problem. The tutorial goes good but once i get into the house and have to find his belongings the background picture looks messed up! everything seems to be ""copy and pasted"" over lapping each other i cannot see certain objects or places from overlaps. The best i can describe this is having mutliple cut out pictures and overlapping them to make a level but certain corners of the level(picture) is not visable due to a overlap of another picture. I will re-review if this problem gets fixed but just giving a word of caution before buying!!!!!!!!!RE-REVIEWI found a fix for this problem by turning off the ""texture compression"" under the configure settings. The game so far is fun and main character Rufus keeps you laughing along the way. Point, click, combine, use, and look are actions in the world of deponia that you use to move foward  by trying to solve puzzles. If your into these types of game then this is a must for you"
,Recommended,292910,20530920,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Tiller,"If you are a fan of adventure games such as Monkey Island and liked the cartoonish styke of MI3, you may enjoy this series. It's got decent enough humor and the puzzles are somewhat challenging and not anymore convoluted as any other adventure game from the past.One word of warning: it has developer commentary which is interesting at times, but DO NOT click on Poki's head at the start of each room if you want to avoid spoilers or at times incessant rambling cause that guy can talk."
76561198188606699,Not Recommended,292910,20621855,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,qidjm,"I was willing to 'tolerate' the mysogyny and general nastiness of the characters but when it turned so blatantly racist in the 3rd game, I deleted it from my computer and really wish I could get a refund because it is soooo not worth even the little amount of money I paid for it when it is that inappropriate."
,Not Recommended,292910,20666622,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,punkiemunkie,"I really like Deponia The first part. It was very intresting gameplay and I enjoyed the story and game. I would have reccomended it just based of the first game. Heck, my significant other would ask me questions on the game and I would give him answers that made him laugh and want to check my temper, like, ""I'm trying to catch a toothbrush that ran away from me, it's hiding in the dark corner."" Him. ""Okay... are you sick?""  Checks forehead.Later on, Him ""So.. did you catch that toothbrush yet?""Me ""Yup!"" Him, ""How?"" ""Using a mouse trap with some wasabi peas to lure it out!!!""Him. @_@ ""I think we need to call your mother.. You're really sick""We both laugh because it is hilarious.The first game gave me a lot of funny, good laughs. However, when I started playing Chaos on Deponia, I really started to not like it especially at the beginning. It felt as if the game had warped? To a different dimension and the character Rufus was starting to get really ruthless.I didn't enjoy playing as him anymore. I jumped ahead to read reviews on this game and turns out my suspicions were correct, so I don't think I will be playing the game any longer. It's a bummer because I really had liked this game when I first started it. If they would have kept it at Deponia the first part, even with such an ending it would have been great. I reccomend Deponia, but do not reccommend Chaos on Deponia or Goodbye Deponia.I will stop playing, as I don't want to see this game progress into any more depravity."
76561198123295237,Not Recommended,292910,20379189,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Belzeenef,"Slow pace, uninteresting story, antipathic ""hero"", far fetched logic and all that in a rubbish tip if you please!I've tried to go as far as possible, I even got out of the tip!  But I ceased playing because of the unsufferable personnality of the hero."
,Recommended,292910,20352191,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hoboshoe,"PLayed the Tutorial over 10 times for plot reasons (also I was a little slow)Make sure you listen to the developers commentary, you get to listen to dear old Poki and he has so much to say/sing about/babble incoherently about (minigames)"
76561198042712149,Recommended,292910,20414015,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Grimgrog,"funny, but emotional, also funny, and puzzly. get it."
,Recommended,292910,20414483,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dj.Mike,"For the longest time I have praised curse of monkey island as the best point and click puzzle game, but I think that this actually trumps it, much to my extremely pleasant surprise. I've been searching for years. This is really good. I thought humor was dead after watching modern tv shows and youtube, thanks god I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,292910,18002459,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Patryk Patryk,"Playing last act of Deaponia is like telling Fairy Tale to your children. At beginning everything is Upsy Daisy, but later it's like Main Character is betrayed by best friend and died, his Girl r*ped and enslaved and World ends in fire. Kids tell you to stop, but you tell them the story to end and later on they can't sleep alone for next half a year. Well, that's how i felt after last chapter of Daeponia."
,Recommended,292910,20281923,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pariah Zero,"I thought point and click adventures were a lost art. Great fun, as long as you're ok playing a character even more one dimensional as the buxom girl in the game, named ""goal"".Goal is smart and thoughtful, while the main character is a hilariously incompetent, overconfident buffoon. Sometimes it takes a moron to save a trash heap."
,Recommended,292910,20658079,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,IceEnryz,"Did you enjoy the monkey island point and click franchise?Did you enjoy lucas arts games in the '90s?If that's it,than this game is for you!Puzzles are mostly total nonsense (but in a hilarious way) and magically structured.Some of them are quiet though if you have not any mental sickness,but hey,when you manage to solve them,you will definetly rofl.Graphics are excellent;the cartoon style fits perfectly in this kind of game.Dialogs are crazy and fun,like most of the characters.I don't remember any game that made me laugh while in the tutorial.In the end:Must buy for any point and click adventure lover!"
,Recommended,292910,20703086,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mintytrix,"This is a very goood game, with lots of difficult puzzels to solve and a vary intresting main character to say the least. I bought the Compleate Journey becatse it is best to play all the games back to back so you dont lose the the investment of finishing the game, i find.I highly recomend this game."
76561198017903349,Recommended,292910,20823216,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,kahroo,"HiThis game has been really cool but controversial at the same time.There have been times when I'm happy, impressed but also outraged and sad.Basically I feel really good having played this bittersweet story to the end.Oh and the songs and music give so much for the right atmosphere of the game."
76561198016401406,Recommended,292910,20592046,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Veselov,"Can't get my savegames from Cloud. Have 2,78MB on Cloud. Pretty sure it is savegames from PC. Now I'm trying to play on Mac. But there are no savegames. Great! Game from 2016 makes me happy!"
76561198086786224,Recommended,292910,20554066,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,derekeddy2003,"If you're looking for a game that you can be invested in the characters and story, then this game is perfect.  I've never played a point and click adventure game before, but This games tells you most of the rules that you'll even need from the first ten minutes of the game.  One very important thing though that the game doesn't tell you: Press space to highlight interactable set pieces.  And trust me, this game isn't easy or straightforward by most's standard. A long, challenging, funny, and story-rich game."
,Recommended,292910,20598515,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,psyc929,"I love this game. It's fairly simple in the mechanics and eventually you can solve the riddles and puzzles presented to you.And be an egotistical kleptomaniac as you go, too.>XP"
76561197969405209,Recommended,292910,20719260,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Huiron,"This game is one of the best buys I have made in a long time. It really brings me back to the time of Monkey island, Leisure suit larry and similar games.The graphics may be simple, but it totally works for the game and the humor is just amazing. If you are a fan of point&click adventure games, this is one that must be played."
76561198063051175,Not Recommended,292910,21426142,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dancinglucifer,"as of this i havent finished Goodbye Deponia.but did finsh Deponia and chaos on Deponia so here it is.I hate Rufus hes a very unlikeable character. he never helps anyone unless they help him, this was ok too start with, hopefully showing the character progression from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to a likeable hero figure that people could rely on. No if he ends up with Goal and she doesnt regret it. will he change from the lazy useless guy we met at the start its not looking likely at the moment 3/4 way through the 3 games.The game looks great i love the visual cartoon style. i enjoyed the first part even though the map that loaded didnt tell me the part I clicked on was actually the second story line. so one restart after awhile wandering around to do the stories in correct order of houses to click on.then the bugs bag dissappers needing more restarts some time just a reload of the last save game will work,Audio triggers on constant repeat (people talking when they left the rooms_) reset load old games.Spoiler... then a puzzle that involves going the menu doing something"
,Recommended,292910,21376955,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Goldust,If you like Point and Click games rich in story then look no further. The puzzles are intricate and make you think but it's not impossible. The hints system helps push you along just as you remember to click on everything (left and right). Overall i'd give this game a 9/10 cause whereas the story is fantastic and dialogue is great it can force you to take breaks after trying to progress forward.
76561198214213240,Recommended,292910,21381021,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,strawberrydream,"I bought Deponia a while ago when it was on sale, but just got around to playing it yesterday. I believe I just started the second part of the trilogy.Deponia is a point-and-click adventure game with futuristic and steampunk elements. The protagonist, Rufus, is a lazy scum bag who is perfectly happy mooching off others. However, due to events he finds himself wrapped in (partially by his own doing), he gets wrapped up in events much larger than himself and becomes the unlikely hero that the story needs.Seriously, I have almost nothing but good things to say about this game. The aesthetic is charming, cartoony, and with a soundtrack that captures the setting well. All of the characters are engaging and fun, especially Rufus, who does progress with the story. Voice work is good, and the characters have voices that suit them well.My one complaint is in the puzzles. Sometimes, the puzzles are too easy, where other times, there is no indicator in-game on how to reach the solution. Most of the time, trial and error worked well to get over hurdles.Overall, this game is great."
,Recommended,292910,23638307,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mina,"You want great humor, great voice acting and a great story? Maybe some junk too? Then this is your game! I personally think this is a 'must-play' because it's funny, creative and a challenge. You have to think out of the box to complete cute/hilarious riddles that sometimes have a very dark humor. It's one of my favorite games to be honest with some of the most creative and interesting characters in a video game you'll ever meet. Starting with Rufus, who you play. He is a genius with no social skills whatsoever. He also has no conscience, which is great for you. But my favorite character will always be Toni, his angry hot-headed ex-girlfriend. She's so much fun to interact with and I fell in love with her, even though she has a bad temper. But I'm not going to spoil anything for you - just play the goddamn game already!"
76561198168259630,Recommended,292910,20404229,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Emily the Strange,"9/10 The Deponia trilogy is like the point and click games we grew up on as children injected with a triple shot of espresso, irreverent adult humor, and a couple doses of steroids just for fun. The environment and artwork is quirky and the puzzles take a lot of thought but are well planned out and definitely aren't traditional. Deponia and Chaos on Deponia were my favorite to play, as they also seemed to follow a better train of thought as far as puzzles went. Goodbye Deponia, while it had its good moments, had a couple, shall I say, ""awkward"" puzzles, which seemed to actually take away from the game for me. It was also the hardest to follow, as some of the puzzles were a tad buggy or didn't make sense. If you need help at all in any of the games, Gameboomers has great walkthroughs for all of them. The walkthrough was especially helpful at times in Goodbye Deponia. I would definitely recommend purchasing all three of these games, because not knowing what happens to Rufus, Goal, and Deponia is like watching Firefly and then never watching Serenity.Because these games have no ESRB ratings, I (as always) rate it myself, and do my best to remain true to the ESRB guidelines.Deponia-MATURE: Brief Partial Nudity, Sexual Themes, Suggestive/Sexual Dialogue, LanguageChaos on Deponia-MATURE: Sexual Themes, Suggestive/Sexual Dialogue, LanguageGoodbye Deponia-MATURE: Sexual Themes, Suggestive/Sexual Dialogue, Language"
,Recommended,292910,23480833,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SpartanDH45,"I love this game. Funny unique characters, unique plot and world, and challenging puzzles are amazing contents of this game. I couldn't recommend it more."
76561198081099348,Recommended,292910,23397683,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,asahary,A great game with a great story but with an ending a little bit disappointing :( The puzzles are difficult enough to challenge you and I loved all the characters and the art style. I personally recommend this game to all the people that love graphic adventure games and some black humor here and there!
,Recommended,292910,22743765,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Papa Smurf,"in overall i think it is not bad game, but it is one of adventure, when it is very hard to make it without walkthrough. Mainly cause its very crazy and often nonlogical combinations of items to craft or combine if i can say. Certainly these combinations are funny, but not playable without walkthrough, indeed.At last i can recommend this game for enjoy funny scenes, dialogues and story. This recommendation is not apply to players who are looking for real adventure game without using walkthrough and looking for some logical puzzles or minigames."
,Recommended,292910,23209094,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The King Of The Worms,"[WARNING POSSIBLE SPOILIER!?] This is coming from a person who hates puzzle adventure games I never liked them the only way a developer could get me into one is with a good story and Deponia has that the characters are enjoyable, plus that ending really pulls some strings...."
,Recommended,292910,23228012,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Eyerocket,"If you enjoy a point-and-click adventure, this is a good game. I bought this on sale, completed it, and for the most part enjoyed it. The sense of humor is okay, but I did not really enjoy having to make the decisions that the game forces you to make (No, this is not a CYOA game). The main character, Rufus, is pretty dumb and heartless, so in order to solve the puzzles you need to solve them in a way that Rufus would. Because of that, I do not think this is worth $40."
76561197972639043,Recommended,292910,23151774,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,the finpig ︻デ═一,"Really cool game with beautiful graphics and effects with the addition of a great storyline that sorta reminds me of randal's monday (Another reccomende game).This game is a very hard game made for players with experience in point and cick adventures. When i say hard i dont just mean ""oh yeah thats sorta hard i guess"". i mean like the hardest point and click adventure ive ever played and i have played ALOT.But still verry fun.10/10 !"
,Recommended,292910,23146757,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Xornogard,"The game is really awesome, the story is great and the graphic design is outstanding! There are few bugs and sometimes the puzzles aren't that logical but I will never forget the puzzle with knocking in floating market, it's one of my favs!"
,Recommended,292910,13744948,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Talidras,"Figured I would come back and change this review. Originally I hated the ending. I won't spoil the ending, but it just wasn't my cup of tea. After watching the ending a few times I began to not hate it as much. And now with another Deponia game out it's not really a 'series ending' anymore which helps greatly. Here's hoping the new one is just as awesome as this one was (other than that ending, of course) and I can finally get some closure."
76561198055712115,Recommended,292910,13245479,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Zinlor,"I've not played a game with such intresting and funny story in such a long time. I've definetly been hooked, and I won't stop playing this until I finish it!"
,Recommended,292910,13121656,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Netwatcher,"Epic storytelling, great gameplay.a tad buggy but is continuosly being fixed.overall had an Epic experience with this game."
,Recommended,292910,13230692,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kamiawolf,"Hilarious and witty. Although some of the puzzles kind of made me go ""huh?"", that's to be expected in point and click games. I enjoyed every moment and can't wait to replay again for more achievements!"
,Recommended,292910,25559878,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DoesUntoOthers,"Not a bad adventure bundle. Usually not too off the wall with the puzzles, but a few solutions do seem pretty random. Something about the voices makes them really not fit into the game for me, but I eventually got used to it. Overall its worth a playthrough, specially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,292910,25992883,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,KänguruGuru,"After playing the individual games in the series, including the recent fourth installment, I can say that this series will surely be remembered as one of my favorites, and all of the bonus content included in this version is a worthwhil bonus. The humor is a bit less well written in English compared to in German, but both languages offer a solid experience."
,Recommended,292910,27146002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crosattle,"I wish I never played this game just to have the experience of playing it for the first time and suffer watching the ending again.10 crushed dreams out of 10, thanks a lot Daedalic."
76561198068619544,Recommended,292910,13843629,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,just the letter 7,this is awesome take my word
76561198036757709,Recommended,292910,15257879,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,napoleontheo,It took me 30 hours to complete this game....I got more than i expected out of it... and the only thing i regret for you to buy it is that evry ather game yoyu will ever play will be a 0.1/10 compere to this masterpiece... Good Bye Awsome game T-T
76561198055599776,Recommended,292910,15296499,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,bombermaster,"Incredibly great title: I got impressed by every single detail of this game.Gameplay, humor, complexity and all. Of course in a few situations it required to squeeze hard your brain to figure out what to do next (though the plan list helped a lot to keep everything in mind, especially in the last episode).I might have felt that the ending could had been slightly better by changing a few details I won't spoiler, but otherwise this game is a small masterpiece.I admit I didn't like too much the voice of the author in the commentaries, but he got a pretty great singing voice and I loved all his songs, from the ones in the game to the ones of the chapter introductions.I totally reccomend this title for anyone that played and enjoyed Monkey Island, or is interested into the genre: it's going to be an invaluable gaming experience for who tries this out.Music: 9(the soundtrack is awesome but it can get particularly repetitive especially if you get stuck for a while in some part of the game)Graphic: 10(beautifully animated cutscenes, beautiful sceneries -as far sceneries in scrapyards can go-, details and more. Very pleasant to the eyes even in the worst situations.)Humor: 9,5(It was a while since I last laughed out loud in a game: I'm impressed)Plot: 10(It kept me hooked from the beginning to the very end, at first for the humor but as the plot thickened I was more and more enthralled)Overall: 9,5Definitively worth a try for anyone that got sense of humor and isn't afraid to play a 'hero' that really stresses the term of the word."
76561198154275217,Recommended,292910,15297019,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,vermut,"Nice game, good humor. Reminds me the good-old-days of DoD and MI, MI2."
,Recommended,292910,15217447,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,alison,"[Deutsch unter]This adventure trilogy is a lot more fun than i expected it would be. It looks a bit slapstick and twee from the outside, but it's actually a fairly adult game filled with clever jokes and tricky puzzles. I played it in German and have absolutely no idea how they were able to translate some of the hilarious puns, but i almost want to play it again just to find out. Unfortunately the main character is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i think this is the game's biggest failing. In the first episode his antics are amusing and it's fun to play the rascal, but when the game tries to gets more dramatic toward the end, all the awful things you had to do to get there kind of make you wish he would just die already. Some of the jokes along the way are pretty tasteless, but the ones that hit are insanely funny. And i do admire the ambition of some of the less traditional puzzles and storyline elements. Overall this wasn't as fun for me as Edna and Harvey: The Breakout, but definitely worth a playthrough.Ich hab dieses Spiel gekauft nach ich mich nur ne halbe Stunde mit ""Edna bricht aus"" beschäftigte, so en tolles Spiel war das. Diese ist auf einige Arten noch besser, aber Problemen gibt's auch. Die schönste Sachen, nach meiner Meinung, sind die Wortspielen. Ich habe keine Ahnung beispielerweise wie die dem Ersatzkatzenwitz übersetzen könnten... Aber man, was war's superlustig, obwohl das Rätsel voll undurchsichtig ist (wie mit Edna...) Andereseits du spielst als nen kompletten♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ der absolut nicht zu mögen ist. Genau in die dramatischen Teilen ist das Scheiß, weil 's Mitgefühl mit dem Charakter einfach nicht da ist. Trotzdem, die meiste Witzen sind unglaublich lustig und der Entwicklerkommentar rockt, also kauf ma schon!"
76561198086357013,Recommended,292910,15451359,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Dropeter,"Superman is the most boring hero ever. Even though he has some weaknesses, the person itself is just too perfect to be very likable (in my opinion, that is). The reason I'm stating this, is that Deponia has gathered some critique that its main protagonist is too much an a**hole for players to really get into the story, something that is very important for adventure games. I disagree with that. Good adventure games do not have a perfect protagonist, lest they would be too short. Deponia's story of two people trying to overcome the impossibility of leaving a life full of trash would never be as enjoyable as it is now if most of the obstacles that lie in the way weren't created by the protagonist itself! Of course the player does not like the way Rufus is handling things, but this creates hilarious possibilities for puzzles that otherwise never would have happened. Deponias story is very strong because the player knows why he is in a certain situation. There isn't some kind of Deus Ex Machina that throws us back every time we make some progress in our mission, no, we do it ourselves. This creates, besides a lot of comical events, also a story that you really want to complete, since you know what you are fighting against.Rufus may not be the most social being on the planet of Deponia, but at least his story is far from boring. Something a perfect protagonist never would have achieved."
76561198023787971,Recommended,292910,16370727,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aramillis,"I love this game. I never thought I'd get into point-and-click adventures, but this one's different. I'll admit I used a walkthrough, but I never thought a part was unfair, just obscure. The main part of this game is its story, and the story that this game tells is fantastic. Rufus is the worst sort of person, let's be clear about that, but every other character serves as a counterexample to Rufus. Plus, it makes it more fun to see him get beat up. Also, this game is extremely self-aware of all its tropes and themes, and it adds immensly to its charm. I'd say if you are looking for an amazing story, take a look at this, but keep in mind that it's a point-and-click. That didn't stop me from enjoying it, and this game does have plenty of minigames, but keep it in mind."
,Recommended,292910,16302932,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"As a kid, I remember playing countless point and clicks, becoming enraptured by the open worlds of Myst and Riven, the clever script of the Monkey Island games, and the subtle charm of Grim Fandango. As I grew, I wrote the genre off as dead, thinking that no game could rival any of the previous with todays graphical capabilities and marking the audience as a small, esoteric, mostly gone group. I am pleased to find out how indeed wrong I was.Deponia, sequel Chaos on Deponia, and the culminating Goodbye Deponia all deliver on several fronts. The puzzles are complex and daunting, the atmosphere alluring, the characters intriguing and unique, and the art breathtaking. It has a very big ""Fallout 3"" feel to it (in terms of aesthetic) and brings with it a very immersive and captivating story to boot.Play as the loud-mouthed Rufus, a citizen on the junk-ridden planet of Deponia, and self-professed genius. Infamous around his home town as a harbinger of accidental explosions, he grows obsessed with the idea of leaving. His destination? The mystical cloud-city known as Elysium. When a wayward escape attempt brings him on board a sky-ship headed for Elysium, he finds an Elysian woman in trouble. Ever the hero, but quite the klutz, his rescue attempt brings them both crashing to the planet below. Now, he must get the Elysian woman, Goal, back to her home, and thwart the evil plots of the mysterious Orgenon.That's the idea, anyway.I really really enjoyed this game. I actually anticipated coming back to it after a long day at work, and spent hours avoiding tutorials to try and figure out the puzzles. Lots of inventory combinations, lots of seemingly convoluted puzzles (that seem obvious once you figure them out...), and a HUGE cast of characters from which to gather information, and items.If I had any complaints, they would be few. The soundtrack, although absolutely wonderful, gets tiring at times, especially when you're looking at one screen for an hour trying to work out which way to move the lever to open the door. There is also an illusion of choice and a ""moral"" system in the game via conversation, but in reality, there are no other paths to the end result, and additional dialogue choices are either there just for comedic purposes, or to further showcase what an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the main character actually is. My final complaint will be spoiler free, but I absolutely despise the ending, although I understand why it ended how it did.I'd shy away from grabbing just the individual copies of the game. It is absolutely a three-part game, with all three parts needed to complete the story. Hope you guys like it! :]"
76561198159199115,Recommended,292910,16122087,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RoxasXIII,"If you're looking for something similar to the Monkey Island series, this could very well be exactly what you're looking for. The Deponia Trilogy manages to capture a very unique feel as far as the story and characters go. The scenarios and dialogue can be quite humorous and the animation and gameplay are very similar to The Curse of Monkey Island. Rufus (the main character) is certainly no Guybrush Threepwood though. He isn't nearly as likable and comes across as ridiculously arrogant. It can be amusing at times but mostly it's annoying. He does grow on you after a while though and you'll be rooting for him by the end. I should warn you though, this game is NOT for kids. Although humorous, there are some adult references and language throughout the story and the final installment contains two F-bombs as well as a ""motivational"" speech that draws all of its humor from swearing, so bear that in mind if you plan on letting a younger audience play it. Overall, I would give Deponia: The Complete Journey 8/10."
,Recommended,292910,15873825,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Heithvaldr,Very good game. Some old-school stuff
,Recommended,292910,14780530,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Peter Strike,"A colourful steampunk style, point and click adventure with crazy scenarios and crazier jokes. 10/10"
76561198363301238,Recommended,292910,30502435,Posted: 13 March,all,lmystic,I love this game anyway9/10BUG(s): I can get nothing from the dove because he(May be it) flies away successfully.  I tried to play the little game to stopping the dove from flying away ，but the little game just cannot be operated. It is a deadly bug which makes the game a  stop forever. I have found no effective way to solve this problem yet and i don't think i would. And i noticed that players like me suffered this problem too. I sincerely hope this bug been fixed so that i can experience the complete story delightly .Ps :The mouse point cannot select items easily. I have to move my mouse carefully to a specific point of a item and select it and it is really annoying ！Hope you all can have this fixed too. Many thanks ！
76561197985396953,Recommended,292910,14397144,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Trog,"All in all a good adventure game, though there can be too much back and forward between screens and some of the solutions are outrageously convoluted. The humor is pretty good, and most of the minigames are pretty fun. The ending while powerful, is quite a let down."
,Recommended,292910,14329748,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,sly2909,"An amazing trilogy of pointand click adventure games that character depth, rich story, comedy, and good puzzles. This is the perfect game for anyone who loves classic point and click games like Monkey."
,Recommended,292910,13300401,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Oryon,"An absolute wonderful game. Spent nearly 3 days back to back to play it through. Although, the ending wasn't really to my taste. It felt a bit... unjustified, but I guess it was for the best in the end?"
76561197991118983,Recommended,292910,24258359,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[69ER]Mruzuki,"The negative reviews for this game are misleading! I was expecting the game to be OK, but imagined it would be a bit half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like the 'Runaway' games and that the ending would be á la 'AlternativA'. That was what I would call a bad ending.Deponia is far from that. That's all I want to say."
76561198026306852,Recommended,292910,24262187,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,jestrb,"Amazing character development, good story and very nice puzzles. Lots of humor and an attractive world!"
,Recommended,292910,24259340,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rstein,"Great game, terrible ending. But this isn't Deus Ex you know.10/10 gameplay and soundtrack, would bang Goal."
76561198017975705,Recommended,292910,24252401,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MudCrab,"Well I've enjoyed it.Came into this pretty cold on an impluse buy. Since then I have really enjoyed myself. Exactly how hard the puzzles are I can't really say as I don't think I have played a point and click adventure since last century. Some defeated me by the extreme out of square thinking required, some because I failed to notice the first, second and third time there was a new item I could interact with or that there was a part of the screen I was allowed to move to, but most of the rest I proudly logiced my way through without needing cheats.While I did use a bit of 'help' I felt little guilt over as I was desperately interested to see where the storyline was taking me. At time of writing I have only finished the first of the trilogy but have found the story and characters much more enjoyable than some of the other games I have been playing recently.Few annoying bugs. My inventory pull down icon has disappeared when entering new screens a couple of time and having loaded my last night save the entire cursor seems to have upped and left.I did buy this game on sale at a significantly mark down, which probably has a lot to do with me believing I am getting my money's worth but overall my past 13 and a bit hours have been a lot of compelling fun and, for a game billed as a comedy, I have actually spent a lot of time laughing."
76561198207259821,Recommended,292910,24285813,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TigersTails,"I have been enjoying this game for a while and laughed a few times at the comedy side. The character's are great and the plot is wonderful. Unfortunately, this game has a few bugs. The one that bothers me the most is when I'm finished tying the end of the windsock the game crashes and I can't continue"
,Recommended,292910,24318849,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,RagNoRaT,"Really nice Point & Click adventure, with a multitude of complex puzzles throughout the game. And to set any confusion aside, The complete journey contains 3 game. "" Welcome to Deponia"", "" Chaos on Deponia"" and "" Goodbye Deponia""The humor isn't always top notch, but you find a sort of adorable characteristics in Rufus ( the main protaganist ) even though he is generally an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/ Do give it a try, but try out the demo first to get a hang of the gameplay and see if that interests you.An easy 7.8 on 10 for the whole bundle"
,Recommended,292910,24416370,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Clayaga,"I don't usually write reviews but here we go kids. So Deponia is awesome, It combines complex puzzles that are really satisfying to complete with quirky characters and music that fits almost everything that happens. The world itself in the game is a pretty cool concept and Rufus as a character is everything I wanted for the protagonist of this game. The way he is portrayed from the start makes it feel like you are actually wandering around finding stuff in real time because thats all part of his plan and impulsive personality instead of having the things happen and feeling that the time you spent figuring out the puzzles is just a unimmersive void of time that leads to more story. All in all I give this game a perfect rating because its amazing in gameplay, story, character portayal, soundtrack, and for the sole reason that this game and series isn't trying to more than it is. It doesn't talk anything up and then let you down. It lets you expirence every little part of it by yourself and let you figure out the paths you want to take. This is a game that was in the end very refreshing for a point and click adventure. 10/10 will play again."
76561198040254630,Recommended,292910,24445038,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SunnyFrog,Love the Humour!
76561198126030611,Recommended,292910,24593483,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Slayercrush7,"Good for laughs and giggles. If you got stuck, there's always Google, so......"
,Recommended,292910,24580214,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Blood_Wraith,Quality point and click trilogy.
,Recommended,292910,24536938,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,buggii,This Game is AWESOME!
76561198219622131,Recommended,292910,24679414,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,llinostalgia,"I enjoyed this game an immense amount. I'm still yet to finish it, but I've been enjoying it so much that I have played it for hours at a time. You finish a chapter, you suddenly get the urge to start the next chapter to find out what happens next!The story is compelling and keeps you interested all the way through.Sometimes it can be a real pain to work out what needs to be done, and sometimes the solutions are a little tedious, but that's pretty standard for any point-and-click game I find. Google did come in handy at times!The one major standout point about this game however is the artwork. It's such a wonderfully drawn game, top marks to the artists!Overall it's a great game to waste many an hour on, and it keeps you coming back for more :)"
76561198078358240,Recommended,292910,24118627,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AxelKnight16,"I'm loving this point and click adventure! Great humor, wonderful artwork, and memerable characters make this puzzle game just an absolute joy to play.  10/10"
,Recommended,292910,24200566,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Demros,"Hiya guys.I haven't been playing this game for long, but it's already fantastic. These game devs have included a fantastic mix of humor and storytelling, I keep finding myself intrigued in the story and laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off at the same time. I haven't run into many problems at all yet, but there still is much more content for me to cover. My only real problem (That I very much have a love/hate relationship) is that some of the puzzles can be very challanging. I've needed to pull up Game Guides way mroe times than I've ever really wanted to.I really recommend this to everyone reading this.Thanks,Dem"
,Recommended,292910,25325330,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Finch0z,"A strange little point-and-click adventure puzzle game where you follow the adventures of one trash baby named Rufus, facing some weird situations and finding even weirder solutions to overcome them. The voice acting is quite well done and there are some pretty memorable lines of dialogue. The one complaint about this game could be that some of the puzzles are very unintuitive, requiring strange solutions to complete them that you normally wouldn't think of.7/10"
76561198018813530,Recommended,292910,27565760,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daboss302,"What just happened... hours of my life have passed and i have managed to beat the 1st lvl... wait, what? theres more lvls.this is going to take a while.if you ever played king quest series back in the 90's and loved it, well this is one of those titles you missed.its a game of memory and concentration, remeber where you clicked and remeber to stop clicking in the same spot 5 million times because you cant find the next spot on the map to continue to the next part.aaahhh common where is it! XD"
76561198022957368,Recommended,292910,27727903,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Sir, it's me, your brother.",Most Relatable Protagonist
76561198097413281,Recommended,292910,31286205,Posted: 21 April,all,arcticbananas,Hilarious!
76561198057940699,Recommended,292910,31246904,Posted: 19 April,all,Mad Demon 49,"Beautiful Story, Loved every bit of it. As expected from a Daedalic Game."
76561198206587752,Recommended,292910,25052038,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Capta1nOwl,"Захватывающий сюжет с невероятными поворотами событий и интересными головоломками.Одно из лучших творений Daedalic EntertainmentОстанется в памяти надолго, 10/10"
,Recommended,292910,24779417,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,JcJet,Mostly good.
,Recommended,292910,24776855,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NeonNero,"This game contains the three first Deponia games in their entirety, but connected together almost seamlessly, and with added developer commentary (activated per-screen only, so you can safely ignore it if you don't want the behind-the-scenes stuff). You can really tell that Sierra and LucasArts of the 80's and 90's have inspired the humor and gaming style for all of the Deponia games, and it's wonderful to get a feeling of these games. If you buy this game, you don't need to buy ""Deponia"", ""Chaos on Deponia"" and ""Goodbye, Deponia"", although I still did (part because I wasn't sure they were all remasters of the three first games, and part because it's a quality game series which Daedelic deserves the extra cash for). In short, if you liked the original Monkey Island series, the King's Quest series, the Space Quest series, Day of the Tentacle, etc, you'll most likely enjoy the Deponia series."
,Recommended,292910,22434855,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,xxx,does anyone guessed the hidden sex scene mentioned on cruiser scene??
,Recommended,292910,20841445,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Xarxai,"Funny, challenging and constantly surprising, Deponia is a joy to play.  The art is lovely to look at and the voice acting is spot on.  Every once and a while you may find yourself stuck in the puzzles or where to go next, but as soon as you catch up, it's like it never happened.9/10 love the music interludes.  :P"
,Recommended,292910,20781306,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Fatt Boi,"Deponia is essentially Monkey Island for a new generation.Strong characters, strange situations, clever solutions, and a classic point-n'-click feel with an art style all its own, I found the trilogy deep, immersive, challenging at times, and definitely a good time.If you like the genre, this is an ABSOLUTE must have!"
76561198096004795,Recommended,292910,21002918,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PRDX4,"I really like this game! The gameplay is fun and the dialogue is more fun!Although there are a few actions that the main character Rufus takes that are questionable, I'd personally say that in context Rufus never does it out of malice. For example the scene with the baby dolphins. He puts up a hoop to train them how to jump through it, but they end up jumping into the kitchen! I wouldn't say Rufus did it on purpose, as in his objective sheet, it never says ""kill dolphins"". Or when he convinces this black character to work as a monkey. Not is it the only job available to her so that she can afford to go back with her boyfriend, but when Rufus takes the money from her boss instead of giving it to her, it's because he was OWED the money, as well as needing to to SAVE THE WORLD. Reminder that EVERYONE would've died if he didn't get that money.So, yeah, some of it is dark humor, not for everybody, but I feel all of it is not due to sheer racism or malice; it's played off to either make Rufus deservedly look like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or to make him look as ignorant or stupid as a child."
76561198067781584,Recommended,292910,20741415,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ame.kind,"For the short amount of time that I got to play this game, I really began to enjoy it. It is a point and click type adventure with cute and quirky cinematics. And that is all I can really say from about 20 minutes of gameplay before I left it on overnight. The next time I try to open the game, it doesn't load, and has not loaded since. I am not the only player to have sadly purchased this game to find that it is unfortunately unplayable...That being said, I really WANT to play it so I hope something is sorted out for all of us who are unable to play.I recommend only if it works on your computer. If not then quickly request a refund so you can get your hard earned $$$ back."
76561198261443926,Recommended,292910,20752545,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,taskubanaani,it's fun and the art is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful
76561198218800792,Recommended,292910,18016937,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The Rhinopotomus,"I don't often play point and click adventures. Last one I played was Freddy Fish when I was 9. Deponia, on the other hand, was actually pretty refreshing. It had a story which gripped me and even made me change my mind about the cuntsauce protagonist. I found many of te puzzles to be too hard, there's one where you have to change the settings of the game, and after the big long journey the ending devastated me almost as much as that Professor Layton where Nessie kills herself and I cried, but it turned my opinion on point and click. It was an enjoyable game, some cheap laughs, some quality ones, a pretty sweet soundtrack and an interesting story."
76561197975368055,Recommended,292910,18703930,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Libertycrumpet the Lesser,"Overall positive perception.  Think of it like Monkey Island with a more crass spin.The main character, Rufus, was rather annoying to me.  He constantly had an inflated opinion of himself and could not learn from his mistakes, and as an engineer who appreciates failure as a teaching option, this bugged me.  He sometimes found himself in bizarre situations, but unlike Guybrush Threepwood, who found himself in bizarre new situations caused by banjo duals or by wayward denizens of undead pirate lords, these situations were often of Rufus' own making, so he deserved it, and when he found a way out of them with a self-righteous attitude, it just wasn't very entertaining.  Think of someone you've met who, even in the face of overwhelming fact that he screwed up, will pass off the fault.Puzzle crafting turned into a ""keep guide open on the secondary monitor"" routine.  If you want to solve it without a guide, you may be required to keep track of every single item that you can examine in the environment and a keep a record of a lot of conversations, and even then there are puzzles for which there is no hint in any of the ""look at item in inventory"" dialogue.  But if you keep a guide open, it isn't bad.Everything else though is very good.  The art is very expressive, the narrative is very well crafted and quite entertaining at times.  A lot of work went into the dialogue, and the songs between sections are sometimes hilarious (keep subtitles on)!  And the music, oh yes the music + background noises flesh out every scene.Overall, my impression is that this is a well-done game with an annoying lead character who drags it down."
,Recommended,292910,18734452,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Uncle Bobby,this is the best game EVER!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,292910,14075359,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,FallenFromGlory,"The point and click RPG genre is an old one, and has had it's fair share of games. It's one I have always enjoyed, and I'm glad to see it's still alive and kicking. With this collection of recent installments comes plenty of laughs and all around silly good time in a steampunkish world as a ""hero."" It's a strange one, but in a good way.I also have had 0 technical issues with it, which is a nice change of pace, considering I'm playing it on a 2011 macbook air. I find it difficult to imagine any machine that would experience framrate issues or graphical bugs."
76561198089645223,Recommended,292910,14076700,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"I greatly enjoyed the experience the trilogy gave me. Buying The Complete Journey gives you some soundtracks and developer diaries on almost every screen of the game, as well as, obviously, the three Deponia games, Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia.If you didn't know, Deponia is a point-and-click adventure game that revolves around a troublemaking Rufus. The characters are interesting and it will be difficult to forget some of them. The art design is charming and the music is great. Each game last around 10 hours (me finishing the three games in 35 hours). I will note that there is potential for another game after Goodbye Deponia, which I will gladly buy if the developers decide to create another. Also, I haven't said yet. but this game is very funny and is good for some laughs.I highly recommend buying Deponia: The Complete Journey when you get the money. If you're considering purchasing the first Deponia as you are not sure if you will enjoy the series, just buy the Complete Journey. You get extras and with the Complete Journey and the first game ends with a cliffhanger, so you'll be buying the sequels anyway.10/10 best point-n-click I've ever played."
76561198018432727,Recommended,292910,13911973,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,†WafflesPancakes†,"English/Thai ReviewJust finished the game fews day ago.This is very awesome game with a lot of minigames.YEAH, TOO MUCH MINIGAMES(though I enjoy it anyway)Rufus(main character) is a bit(?) self-centered egomaniac but that makes the game escalated in the crazier way :)+Good Humor+Good PuzzlesI won't say ""must buy"" ,but ..... you should buy this when you have a chance.พึ่งเล่นเกมจบเมื่อไม่กี่วันก่อนช่วงปีใหม่เกมดี สนุกมากกก โดยเฉพาะที่มี minigame เยอะมากๆRufus(ตัวเอก)ค่อนข้างจะเป็นพวกทำตัวเองอยู่กลางโลก แต่ก็ทำให้เกมดำเนินไปทางบ้าๆมากขึ้นเช่นกัน :)มุขตลกค่อนข้างเยอะพอสมควร+เป็นเกม puzzle  ที่ดีมากๆถ้ามันลดราคาอีกก็เหมาะสำหรับขึ้นหิ้งบูชาฮะ"
,Recommended,292910,13863610,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jrawly,"Lots of fun, reminds me a little of Broken Sword!"
,Recommended,292910,13878270,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Danger Mouse,Pretty entertaining
,Recommended,292910,13892024,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CaptainAsmo,"Just finished it... and honestly I'm very mixed.The entire game had me sitting on the edge of my seat. Throughtout games 1 and 2, and the majority of 3 I was absolutely absorbed, and honestly I could see that a lot of work was put into making the game[s] interesting and exciting (with a couple of rly cool eastereggs).If I had been asked at anypoint of my playthrough if I would recommend this game (excluding the last hour of so of gameplay) I would have responded ""Yes. Definetly, it is one of the best games I've played."" but after finishing it, I'm no longer as sure. Other than a very unsatisfying ending that does not fit into the overall genre of the game (which is mostly comedy/sci-fi), the game also leaves huge gaps in knowledge given to the player. One of the biggest sins that a writer can make, is introducing a new concept, a new idea, a new revelation, in the conclusion. And many such things are done within the last hour of game 3. Charectors randomly transforming into each other, things disapearing, things randomly apearing, an overwhelming amount of teleportation, and other things I can't agree with.Game 1 makes a promise that Rufus will fight his fate with all his might, that his ego, his personality refuses to lose, that he will not be kept down or chained to a planet of filth.Game 2 makes a promise that Rufus will not hurt those around him, at least not on purpose, (with the exclusion of tricking people into electrocution, that's totally fine for some reason) but It restates that he will not give up, not even when it's hopeless.Game 3 confuses the everloving crap out of any sort of logic you may try to use. It creates question after question after question, and then instead of giving us some anwsers in a clever and meaningful way (as I had started to expect), it throws an ending that feels pasted on [and not even much like an ending] at us. Even ignoring the heavily unsatisfying ending, Rufus breaks everything that he as a charector stands for, and becomes what would be a true hero, even though it completely contradicts everything that he as a person, and as a charector stood for. He finally decides to give up. No crazy sceme, no sleigh of hand, nothing of what he stood for or represented. Just a flat, boring, cliche hero ending.""Goodbye Deponia"" never really manages to feel like a goodbye. It just feels like I need to open up game 4, even though game 4 does not(and the dev. promised that it will never) exist.Tl;Dr:Game 1 - Outstanding 9/10 would play again in several yearsGame 2 - Great 8/10 would play again. Introduces lots of new things to keep a long game from getting staleGame 3 - 4/10; Plot-Twist reveal mid-game actually quite obvious; Ending leaves more questions than it anwsers (and not the good kind); Unsatisfying EndNevertheless, most certainly worth a try, if only for the jokes and cool animations.Edit: Post contemplation I realize that the game is perfect the way it is, and that the ending leaves millions of questions, because the anwsers to them don't really matter, and in your head you are allowed to craft your own ending with such amounts of freedom that you are given, however retaining it's motion and impact. This game was the first one I have ever played, that has given me a sleepless night not because of fear, but because of conteplation.10/10 to the series.----Actual Spoilers----The two main problems I had:1 - Seagulls wife, ""Mom"" is never actually spoken of except in the one moment when it is used to♥♥♥♥♥♥off Seagull towards the end. It seems to be a huge part of Rufus' motivations and a very large reason for him being the way he is, but she is never spoken of except as an appreantly plugged in reason for Rufus to push/test Seagull. Considering the importance of Rufus' father to his charector, it should be assumed that a mother would be even more impactful (or at least as much so).2 - Dead goal falls out of closet. Alive Goal on boat. Goally turns into Donna. This means that A-Donna is a clone, otherwise there would be no reason for Goally to be Donna. B- Writers ♥♥♥♥ed up, cus without cloning you can't have 2 Goals - one that fell out of the sky with Rufus and one that didn'tadditional sins:The three kids? apparently 2 got eaten, but that's perfectly alright with everyone.Cletus jumped? but then ended up behind Argus with a weapon.Goal is happy? It's quite ovious that she knows Rufus sac'd himself for the greater good, but she seems happy about it?The Elders are cool with taking a bunch of hobos on their luxury cruiser? that seems like a huge point of conflict that was just glazed over.Cletus became Rufus? for the last couple of dialogue options Cletus loses his accent and sounds exactly like Rufus, which can make one wonder..................... a briliant move theatrically, but with unclear intent. Especially since Cletus/Rufus seems to be very excited and happy about his new role and his lousy ideas.Cowboy Dodo and the vainishing prison doors? Considering Cleetus managed to get out of prison and onto the organon cruiser, one would think that Dodo would manage that as well simpy by following him, but everyone from the prison except Cleetus simply ceases to exist.""Goal."" ""Toni."" What did I miss here..... I don't remember them ever meeting before that moment.... At least not while Goal was conscious...Awake? Srsly, the main heroine spent about 2.5 of 3 games being either impaired or dead... Or in game 3, both."
,Recommended,292910,13922743,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,die-ratte-mann,"One of the best games I have ever played, the story, the characters, the puzzles and even the minigames are worth every bit of your time. Buy it nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww."
76561198050558699,Recommended,292910,17464608,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,bretzelliquide,"Ok, so this game has some real flaws, and the absolute absence of consequences in the choices you make is the biggest one. But even if I love strong c&c games, aI had a really good time playing Deponia nonetheless.Deponia is fun, colorful, artfully desinged. Most of enigmas are smart and fun to solve and some parts of the game are really funny. Most of all, I loved the charcaters: they are well-written and I really bonded with them.All in all, a very nice game to play and a good gaming experience."
,Recommended,292910,17436573,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Wunibald,"Normally I don't play any Point&Click Adventures, but Deponia is absolutely worth it!"
76561198090639544,Recommended,292910,21476545,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kaiser Dreschner,"Just amazing. Music, characters, enviroments, comedy, and lots of emotional moments, kinda pricey but it's always in high disccounts, take it if you like Point & Clicks in general!"
76561198081999903,Recommended,292910,21692799,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Coec15324,"Why does the third game have to be the worst? The games get more ""mature"" as the series continues, and the M of the third was a real downer for the game with the best ideas and creativity.I would also like to point out the phenominal false advertising, as this is clearlyNOTthe complete journey, seeing as there is a Deponia Doomsday game out now, that of corse I have to buy now.Feh!But this is a hilarious point and click adventure game with way more creativity than the idea of 'selfish guy escaping trash planet' deserves, and it really does a lot more than you would expect with a premise like that.But yeah, the third game is way worse than the first two in content. The first could be a Spy Fox adventure, the second game has the first deaths in the series, and the third has you doing some really unforgivable stuff.Killing orphans. Splitting up a couple, serving one of that couple to a parasitic monster for the rest of his days, and the other forced to strip and dance for a monkey.It's so uncomfortably dark, but the rest of the games are fantasitc, creative, and must plays if you like comedy games."
76561198042465322,Recommended,292910,21617407,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,nathaniel.czarnecki,"Sometimes super easy, sometimes super hard. Fun all the time. It felt like combining Day of the Tentacle and Discworld all together."
,Recommended,292910,21588222,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Bow2me_plz,Awesome game!! In the same league as Monkey Island.
,Recommended,292910,21580703,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,iPmD2#1765,"Oh I finished this game like a year and forget to review it :(Deponia is a point & clicked adventure game which gonna take you to solve puzzles and enjoy humor/ voice acting/ unique art.The game from my point of view has the same environment based on 90s scifi movies ex. The city of the lost childrenbut more friendly to audiences with those funny line blah blahb lah. The voice acting is so cool anytime that is not Rufus talking to himself. There are a lot of lovable characters even the villians I would say..However I hate how this trilogy ends so I whined on the steam community once.. BUT BAM!! I just saw that the Doomday suddenly drop out on Steam now. My dream comes true WahahahaThe only bad thing about this game is the puzzle :( Most of them are not really a common sense at all, so I even have to look up for a walkthrough sometimes. I'm not native point and clicked veteran and I'm so stupid.. dont blame me guysBut don't get discourage yetI'm just a boy trying to experience and enjoy this good memoriesI feel so fulled and satisfied playing this game, that is all that matter.8/10"
,Recommended,292910,20169147,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[BLuE]✩(ヅ),Thx for make so good game i realy enjoy story
76561198073870341,Recommended,292910,21860767,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Axel The Red,"Most amazing, fun and intelligent adventurespoilerWith the most horrible and sad end. They could fix it in Deponia Doomsday, but why bother right. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561198092369547,Recommended,292910,21946958,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,vallesbrain,Daedalic ihr seid die besten! Weiter so :D
,Recommended,292910,21964718,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,markus6609,Love these games!!
,Recommended,292910,21842325,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,De Lift,"“You, tell me why, the game is worth a buy.And if going through the game will a chore.”I’ll tell you with honesty, it is of good quality!The puzzles are fun but some may be obscure.But my recommendation has really cool animation.It has story and humour and you’ll have to use your brains!Even without a strong discount,it won't empty your bank account!Your time is well spent playing the mini-games!HUZZAH! I LIKE MINI-GAMES!"
,Recommended,292910,17224756,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,InstarHic,"I liked it. Very much. Except for the ending. That was... unexpected? Yes. Totally cruel? Also yes. Nevertheless, good job Daedalic, you made an excellent game."
,Recommended,292910,17798053,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,IjuyXD,Nice game i really like it
,Recommended,292910,17815270,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Stoneberg,"what a beauty, the story, the comedy and its an actual difficult point-and-click adventure game, definetly worth every single penny and your time."
76561197997028864,Recommended,292910,17815933,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,MrDinosaur,"Completed this in 38 hours, Absolutely amazing. Includes large variety of locations, puzzles and narrative. After playing for 38hours straight over 3 days, I still want more!The hint system seems a little buggy and I was left a little off track at times, but I managed to find my way using guide in dire situations."
,Recommended,292910,17812114,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ringating,"Entertaining character interactions.Cohesive (and pleasant, imo) art style.The puzzles have their moments, but some of the solutions can seem downright arbitrary (this is probably my largest gripe).The main character's personality can be a bit frustrating/bothersome at times, but it's ultimately a pretty fitting personality for a point & click character."
,Recommended,292910,17804263,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Deelvar,"Such a fun game. Good story, good characters, and actually made me laugh. Some of the puzzles are really hard to figure out, but other than that it is a really enjoyable game."
,Recommended,292910,17786318,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PvtSkittles,"Overall a very good game. A solid point and click adventure. Sometimes, the game did leave you with no direction or hint as to what to do next leading to the frustrating situation where you are clikcing everything hoping something works or you just go look up a walkthrough for a hint. The story was good and complete. The art and music were phenominal. For the price, I definitely got a solid amount of gameplay and storytelling out of it.My only complaint would be the ending which was quite disappointing for such a grand story, but that shouldnt take away from the overall quality of the rest of the game.If you like adventures, point and clicks, or great stories I definitely recommend this(especially on sale)."
76561198089101287,Recommended,292910,17763388,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zeig,"The industry needs more games like this one.  This game has more heart, thought, and creativity than 90% of all the video games I have seen released by big game companies.  If you want something that will actually give you something and not just take your money buy this.  I loved the bubbles that would tell you a bit about each panel.  I cannot recomend this game more!"
,Recommended,292910,17120445,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Yendi,"It's a great game like everyone else has written. It's basically a large scale point and click adventure, and that's exactly my kind of game!! However, there were several instances where the solution was completely ridiculous. If I didn't refer to a walkthrough, I would have taken hours to get the correct combination.Despite this, I loved every bit of it*. The story develops very well throughout the triligoy...until the end. Without much spoilers...the ending was not to my liking. I just finished the game...and I feel angry. I was extremely invested in this game, and to get an ending like that was very bitter. I was even going to replay this just for the story, but after that...no......I will recommend this game because of how much fun I had up to the ending. If Daedalic Entertainment ever decides to continue the story, I will be purchasing it in a heartbeat, but from what I gathered (and the fact that the last gaem came out 2 years ago), there will be no such sequel."
,Recommended,292910,17141069,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Zharfenstein,"Very entertaining point and click adventure, with relatively decent puzzles save for a few that just don't make much sense."
,Recommended,292910,27583591,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Birb,Amazing characters and story. One of my all time favorite point and clicks.
,Recommended,292910,27844204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uskazd,"I stumbled upon this game on accidentDeponia is a standard point & click puzzle game. The game may be difficult at times, with some pieces of the puzzle looking a weird combination, but that's part of the game's charm.The characters are very memorable, with some goofy (platypus) humour which fits their theme and mindset and an overall simple, strong and welltought out storyline.The only downside I had with the game was that the tutorial didn't tell you that you could use the spacebar to highlight every interactable thing on the screen."
76561198025677483,Recommended,292910,27850904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wmckin11,Its a really fun game though quite challenging at times. I especially like that one of the achievements is a 'cheat' and they call you out on it. A great mechanic.Not sure if you can call it the 'complete journey' anymore.
,Recommended,292910,33191393,Posted: 3 July,all,SvenNoob,Love the game aswell as the charakterand the Humor is right on the spot
76561197976032192,Recommended,292910,33356747,Posted: 7 July,all,GWF_1313,Always wanted this game so bought it on sale.It is worth the money and time to play.Great puzzles that will make you think outside the box.Story is great and funny with a slight dark side aswell.Great point and click adventure .
76561198000691780,Recommended,292910,33497008,Posted: 12 July,all,twigge52,"This is one of the best adventure games I've ever played, possibly even the best. The plot has several twists that I didn't see coming, and even when I thought I had figured out one of them (why Rufus and Cletus look so similar) I turned out to be very very wrong. The humour is great, as long as you don't mind playing a terrible person. Seriously, Rufus is Chaotic Neutral at best, and sometimes slips into outright evil.The puzzles were usually fairly decent, hard to figure out but not outright impossible or crazy. Except for the one where you had to turn off the background music to proceed. That was not cool.There were a few bugs, mostly dialouge repeating a few times. Also, some of the grammer is a little strange in someplaces. Not wrong, but not how a native speaker would usually phrase things. Except for the chapter songs, which only occasionly made sense.TL;DR: Highly recommended. After hours of playing I intend to pick up the sequal Doomsday Deponia immedialty."
,Recommended,292910,33576384,Posted: 15 July,all,Skytzo_Marc,The style reminds me of Curse of Monkey Island.  Good fun.
,Recommended,292910,32508760,Posted: 17 June,all,jakub1838,"Damn ♥♥♥♥ing fells train with ninjas cutting onions at the end of every adventure. Some puzzels will make you think for hours. I must say that was the best experience that i had in gaming for a long time. AND I ONLY PAYED 5,54 euros ON SALE But there is many bugs remember kids to save often :D"
76561198008903786,Recommended,292910,32518379,Posted: 17 June,all,Gottkaiser,I already had all 3 parts of the series and still got this one just because I love the adventure games.The additional Questlog and Audio-Comment are pretty fun and I enjoy this game.The humor ist not for everyone but I LOVE it. I hope Poki will crate more fun games like this one.
76561198094827536,Recommended,292910,29112146,Posted: 8 January,all,XctMcd,"I have so much fun playing this game (or rather the complete series). It reminds me of the time when I played King Quest and Indiana Jones. Nevertheless, the ending was rather disappointing - I'm not sure whether there is multiple ending or just one unexpected-and-not-so-happy ending but I definitely have so many questions still after finishing the game. Why it ended that way?!The gameplay and graphics are entertaining. I like the graphic so much. There are some bugs still but it doesn't stop the story going. It's fun."
76561198045962541,Recommended,292910,20438732,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,NinjaFireDragon,I laugh. I screamed. I cried. I died. I platypied. 9.5/10
,Recommended,292910,29122133,Posted: 8 January,all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR Deponia is a pretty good point and click game with some great characters and humour. A few of its puzzles can be a bit frustrating thoughFull Version:The Complete Journey collects together the first three Deponia games into one package with bonus features like Dev commentary and a quest log for example. Deponia is a pretty standard point and click game with a zany off the wall and occasionally dark humour.The main character Rufus is a massive loser who creates chaos and destruction wherever he goes. However his ego is so overinflated he still thinks he's a great guy.That sounds like an awful choice for a main character but I found Rufus to be quit likeable despite his flaws and he's a great character. The rest of Deponias cast of characters are all wild and wacky enough to make the game entertaining.As I said above the gameplay is the standard point and click variety. Pick up items and either combine or use them on other stuff to progress through the game, with the occasional mini game popping up.Good points:- the complete version collects the first 3 games together with bonus features as icing on the cake. So you get more bang for you buck than you would by buying the games seperately- Rufus despite being an awful person becomes quite a likeable and entertaining protaganist. The rest of the games cast features loads of strange and entertaining characters as well that add to the games charm- I like the fact that this game is more aimed at adults with a more crude and dark humour than your typical point and click game.Bad points:- a few of the games puzzles are quite frustrating and at times very obtuse or over complicated. For example, without spoiling anything, there was a puzzle that you could only solve by going into the settings and turning off the music. The game only gives you a very vague hint about this and while I'm sure the Devs thought it was a clever and unique solution it felt so out of the box that it was a bit of a pisstake. Fortunately most of the puzzles arent too bad and can be solved with enough investigation or exploring."
,Recommended,292910,24219108,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Posh Bastard,"I'm surprised people don't talk about these games more than they do, because they're absolutely amazing. If you love point-and-click adventure games even a little bit, these games are a must-have."
76561198063466491,Recommended,292910,28912136,Posted: 1 January,all,FireDragonSlayer,"I had so much fun playing this game, and i would recommend it to everyone who is looking for a great and funny Game. Never before did i like click and point games before, but this game's storytelling, which was filled with suspense and comedy  got be in the franchise. This is definitely a must play for anyone who is looking for a good time spent!"
76561198016675841,Recommended,292910,28830690,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Marcus o Realius,"Goofy humour, a weird story, lovely characters, some very bizzare puzzles.This game has it all for a great point and click game."
,Recommended,292910,28827289,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Let'sJoinTheRiverDance,"First thing one should know before playing this game: At the start the main protagonist will come off as a total♥♥♥♥♥♥ A real self centered, egotistical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, whose antics would make an SJW's balls recede into its body and come out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But that's what makes him likeable and unique from other cookie-cut 'good' main characters. And your opinion of him will most likely get better anyway as his character develops, which is par for the course as the story progresses.Second: Like most point and click adventure games, the nature of its interaction mechanics and stuff crafting will present you with problems whose solutions follow some dumb frustrating logic. There were many times where I got stuck on a screen because I didn't point this one specific thing to this other specific inconspicuous thing that no one would think would go together in the first place.So Third: Save yourself some time and go look at a walkthrough once you see that no option you'd thought of would progress the game. If you thought that you've exhausted all possible combinations of all the crap in your inventory and environment, there's no point in being stubborn and keep clicking the same things over and over when the solution's something minor you probably simply overlooked. Sure you would have found it eventually, but you would have also wasted your time.Lastly: Don't take it too seriously, and enjoy! Every character is quirky, the world is interesting, and it's got a ton of fun minigames. It's got a lot of really funny ridiculous moments, and some really dark moments and mature themes too. So it's a real rollercoaster ride, and gets a solid thumbs up from me."
76561198000769271,Recommended,292910,28774181,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AJ,"After meeting the main char, I didn't think I'd like the game, due to how he was. However, I stuck with it and as it turns out, it's the only game (along with doomsday) I've finished since my depressive period started. I found it that enjoyable. Thank you, Daedalic. Also thank you for the skippable puzzles.I just wish achievements worked, c'mon man."
,Recommended,292910,29236724,Posted: 13 January,all,Sataniksantah,"Pretty humorous, point and click adventure with puzzles that don't seem as obtuse as some. Definitely recommend."
76561198212752372,Recommended,292910,29366001,Posted: 19 January,all,Elvino'sPCGaming,OOOHHHHHH THE FEELS ARE TOO MUCH BRO TOO MUCH!
,Recommended,292910,33665051,Posted: 19 July,all,Kamy,"HUZZAH!!!!This is GOLD! :)The game is a lot of fun.. good comedy, good music, good puzzle...Every year I go back to play it over and over.Droggeljug!!!!"
,Recommended,292910,33725672,Posted: 22 July,all,SharpieStealr,"The Complete Journey has the first three games, and then a separate fourth game exists, called Deponia Doomsday. I'd like to say that, therfore, it's not a complete journey.The first two games are hilarious, and the third is too, for the most part. The backwards logic you have to use to figure out the puzzles is straight up glorious, and the musical interludes are also fantastic.I love the universe it's set in very much, and am yet to buy Doomsday but am looking forward to playing it, but I will admit the ending of the last game - Goodbye, Deponia - is quite disappointing. There are some great moments in it, but overall, the third didn't quite reach my expectations after having played through the first two.8.5/10 because it's not actually the complete journey, as I've mentioned, and the third needs a better ending, which I'm guessing is why Doomsday exists."
76561198285273113,Recommended,292910,33824768,Posted: 26 July,all,MadTurtle_BUM,Sure the puzzles may be a bit of a trouble but the story is great and the comedy as well is amazing
,Recommended,292910,18081171,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SirBenWard,"I've never been one for point-and-click adventure games, but the moment I watched the trailer I knew I wouldn't regret this game. Beautiful graphics, music, gameplay and non-stop comedy kept me laughing 'til the bitter end. The colorful characters never fail to give a good laugh, no matter how bad narcissist Rufus wrecks everything again and again.Point-and-click may be a difficult genre, but even random bumbling around is enjoyable and you sometimes get achievements out of it. You may need to use a guide if you get stuck, if the hints aren't subtle, but every puzzle minigame is skippable, so all you really need is common sense and a knack for uncanniness.10/10"
76561197988608713,Recommended,292910,33936124,Posted: 31 July,all,EatenByPie,"If you enjoy silly puzzle games, this is for you. It's by no means a reinvention of the wheel, but it's well done, the humor is fairly well done, and the story is solid (the humor adds to it, I find that to be a rarity in comedic games). The artwork isn't anything special quality wise, but it's fits the locations and adds rather than detracts. Voices are well done, sound... I really suck at rewiewing sound (i'm pretty indifferent to sound unless it gets annoying). I guess I'll go with the sound didn't detract?That being said, it is a puzzle game, and they arn't for everyone. There were only a few times I got annoyed and looked at guides, the puzles are generally something that can be figured out (or in a few cases brute forced), but there are a few cases where I didn't find object interactions particularly intuative.All in all, if you enjoy silly, and you don't mind puzzle games, it's an entertaining series."
,Recommended,292910,33960662,Posted: 1 August,all,SerenadeNeko13,"Deponia is definitely unique, and I'm glad I got the collection edition with the commentary. I love that the commentary bubbles are not intrusive, so they don't get in the way of the game itself, and it almost feels like an achievement to find and listen to/ read them all. The characters are easy to love, or love to hate, and there's definitely controversy on the topic of the main character's conduct and mannerisms. The game itself feels like a satire and a comedy, and thats what's so enticing about it. The storyline is different, and the puzzles are complex enough to be intriguing. Learning about the drawing and game making process is also really enlightening and I'm learning things I'd never even thought of when it came to games like this. I love the art work, it's really well done and well thought out."
,Recommended,292910,35241255,Posted: 27 September,all,jOrA,"Interesting concept of a storytelling game. Here unlike in the other games you also have a lot of puzzle solving. The game concept is you solve puzzles to hear a section of the story. Talking about the story it's absolutely huge. Usually, story games don't take more than 5-10h, this, however, takes 15h+. The story itself is not bad, but I didn't find anything special in it. Dialogs between the characters are funny although, when jokes are oversaturated it's rather boring than fun.The game also has cool graphics and nice music to complete the experience.To be honest, if you are into story games you should get it anyway it's cheap and it offers some new things."
76561198044886276,Recommended,292910,35102519,Posted: 21 September,all,fordagame,"Awesome game. Good story, hilarious humour. On all 3 parts I have about 40 hours gameplay. Puzzles are hard enough in order to be interested. Characters are very funny. I hope they will make more games from the series. I recommend it to everyone, who want to play some relaxed adventure."
76561198082817318,Recommended,292910,35100676,Posted: 21 September,all,Ray_Berge,This sh**t is dopest
,Recommended,292910,35455791,Posted: 3 October,all,Walking Rocketship,As of writing this I only played through the first game. (Played in the original edition and this one)Played without any help or skips.Puzles can be illogical but still they are managable. I still got stuck from time to time and some of these took hours.My one complaint is game breaking bugs. Save often.Even if you encounter a game breaking bug without a previous save you can restart the chapter and boost through to point you restarted in like 20 minutes tops (ESC key is really helpful for that)
76561198078202430,Recommended,292910,35427155,Posted: 2 October,all,Myleghurtz,"Great game, very fun and interesting story."
,Recommended,292910,34928724,Posted: 13 September,all,Ryushi,"One of the best adventure games I played in a while, nice story (the ending is debatable and has been discussed here alot), really good art design and background music and hilarious voice acting."
76561198352158753,Recommended,292910,35430213,Posted: 2 October,all,Stormaggeden,"I usually wait till I finish a story game before I review it. But this game is so good, I thought Id just go ahead and do it.Beautifully animated, witty dialogue. Truely a great story game.Get this game if you want a good read and a few laughs.8/10"
,Recommended,292910,35470751,Posted: 4 October,all,reinxchaos,"I honestly can't recommend this game enough, to anyone who enjoys a story based puzzle game this is definitely for you.I have loved this game from the very moment I clicked play, it has given me many laughs already and an urge to push forward and keep playing for hours on end.With a sequal in the works too I highly suggest purchasing this game and you won't regret it, there are hours of gameplay and everything is incredibly well done throughout."
