user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198031917511,Recommended,292930,10528331,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,platypus,"Fantastic voice acting and atmosphere. Have no problems with crashing (W. 8.1/64) but i have some realy annoying sound issues. One of my favoriute games 10 years ago and the creepy feeling of black mirror castle is unchanged, love it :-)"
,Recommended,292930,12715004,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BenWah,"The story is one of the best I've seen in an adventure game, if you don't mind horror.The characters are actually fairly interesting, and the character interactions are great.The atmosphere created by the art is a 10.In any case I felt continually compelled to keep playing to see what was next. The story manages to tweak your emotions throughout, whether desperation to escape, trauma of some event, intrigue of some mystery, or just pure horror.Some of the puzzles were too hard for me, I admit going to the walkthrough several times.It is important to check william's diary (there is a right arrow to progress through it) for tips on puzzles to minimize having to do this. Yet there were plenty of difficult point and click type puzzles that I was able to do and were very enjoyable.There is a bug where sound occasionally screeches at you, and rarely crashes.(I had 3 crashes total, not bad for such a long and fantastic game)Distracting, but not a game killer.It is quite a long game, and very challenging. I was very glad I played, I won't forget it soon.I wonder if Black circle II is any good?Non-spoiler tips:Right clicking can produce different results than left clicking!As best I can tell, right click is a kind of ""super search"".Left clicking might tell you that something isn't interesting, but right click might find something big!Sometimes you cannot progress in the story until you exhaust all conversation options.Objects which were not highlighted before, may become highlighted when they become useful as new information is learned!   So you may need to scan areas you were sure had nothing interesting before.Sometimes a character will tell you to ""wait"" while they figure out something. This is a frustrating game mechanic where you might have to zip all around the place before coming back to check if they are ready.There is one point where it is possible to save your game where a decision you just made has already caused your doom. That means if you only have one save game, you just ruined your game and will have to start from the beginning! I feel I must micro spoil this one, it is an event where you fire a gun to escape. I recommend keeping at least two saves.Overall, black mirror 1 and 2 were among the best and most memorable adventure games I have ever played.Highly recommended.  I had some problems with the latter half of BM 3."
,Recommended,292930,17470510,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,markzwaan,"Black Mirror has detailed backgrounds often with a bit of animation (candles flicker, water flows, branches move in the wind), it makes good use of ambient sounds and incidental music, has a decent voicecast (except - unfortunately - the main character), has a detailed history and the puzzles are often fun and interesting which makes this an adventure game that's worth playing. The game is pretty long, though some of the hours I've spent with the game were due to having to replay some portions of it. The game has some quirks that will sometimes frustrate you, so I've written a short guide that should help you avoid some of them. If you like games like Sanitarium, Gabriel Knight or Phantasmagoria you'll probably enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,292930,18706888,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Audish,"Not every classic game ages well, and old adventure games tend to have shorter shelf lives than most. You still hear plenty about the standouts, your Monkey Islands and your King's Quests, the ones that were either designed well or were entertaining enough to overlook their design flaws. The others fell into obscurity as the genre grew quiet for a time, and that's where you'll find Black Mirror. Whether you want to revisit this dark gem depends on how much patience you have for some very old-fashioned designs.Black Mirror places you in the role of Samuel Gordon, estranged son of British aristocracy. A tragedy has occurred at the ancestral castle of Black Mirror, and Samuel does the prodigal son thing to prove his hunch that foul play is afoot. The game is presented with pre-rendered backgrounds and basic 3D character models that hearken back to the PlayStation 1 era, leaving you shuffling stiffly around and spending a good twenty seconds pulling a photograph from your jacket. I don't know if it's a modern system issue or not, but some of the animations in the game are absolutely laborious, particularly during dialog. Still, the game retains a retro charm that will take you back to games like Baldur's Gate or Sanitarium in terms of appearance.The charm extends to the voice acting in a big way, and I have to stress that you need a high tolerance for cheese if you want to make it through this thing. Frankly, I'm not convinced a single British person lent their voice to this game about British people. What you get is a bunch of unconvincing doofs doing silly accents and EMOTING the strangest PARTS of THEIR sentences. If it doesn't drive you crazy, you might find it as loveable as I did... the further in I got, the less dialog I would skip (but yes, you can click straight through dialog).As far as the gameplay goes, you better have a walkthrough handy. Black Mirror never descends to cat moustache levels, but it has a needlessly complex interaction system that is sure to trip you up. As near as I can tell (no tutorial, of course), left-click is observe/interact, and right-click is... different interact. Every time you left-click on an object, you get a different response. Sometimes you only have to click once. Sometimes twice. Sometimes you have to left-click and then right-click. Sometimes you have to left-click three times and then right-click a different thing. There's so little consistency in interacting with the world, you're guaranteed to encounter at least one situation where you know exactly what to do, just not the sequence of clicks to accomplish it.There's pixel-hunting, forced waiting, unexpected deaths, and even ways to doom yourself (though the consequence comes minutes, not hours, later) too. Pretty much any sin an adventure game can commit can be found here, but I must admit none are particularly damning in Black Mirror. The scenes tend to be clear and easy to navigate, without too many NPCs, which makes it easy to run through all your options when you get stumped. A map in the first few chapters provides some very welcome fast travel, and in a bit of genius design, double-clicking on the transition to another scene moves you instantly. Honestly, there were enough quality-of-life features to keep me from getting really frustrated at any of the flaws.It's a long game, at least 15 hours all told, and while the story is a slow burn, it digs deep into its own mysteries. There's not enough energy or action to keep you engaged for long periods, but I found it a good substitute for hidden object or casual games as my go-to chillout activity. If you can look past the artifacts of its age and its admittedly rough design edges, you'll get a charming, meaty adventure to keep you occupied for hours on end."
76561198064843218,Recommended,292930,15528301,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Doreans,"I really enjoyed this game! I'm actually fairly surprised it has some bad reviews; it's a little old but it's still such an extraordinary game. It kept me engaged the whole way through, and by chapter five I was just completely immersed it's so well done. The story was engaging and well written, and the puzzles were just the right amount of a challenge. The story kept me guessing right until the very end and its rare to find an older game like this that makes you think so much, I just enjoyed it so much! It's also a whole lot longer than expected, it took me fifteen hours to finish, and from the looks of it it took some people even longer. At first I was annoyed with te length, but by the end I was so glad there was so much game for me to enjoy. I can't wait to play the others! If they're any better than this one then they're well worth being excited for!!Also a side note, some of the reviews report some bugs but I didn't encounter a single one, so whatever bugs they mention have in fact been patched and the game is fully enjoyable!"
,Recommended,292930,16288458,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ElementaryDrW,"It took me a long time to decide whether to click the thumbs up or down for the reccomendation on this game. I went with thumbs up, but with a few caveats.The reccomendation is for those who already like the point and click mystery genre. If you are unsure of these type games, or haven't played any before, don't start here. Try Broken Sword or Syberia first.Be prepared to wait. A lot.  Some of the puzzles require you to wait for a character to do something for you. I still can't work out whether it is based on actual time passed, or how long you spend moving around screens clicking on things you have already clicked on, but at times this mechanic is infuriating. (The last chapter I played had the worst example of this so far... I had already clicked on everything else in the level and had to re do that whilst waiting for some dude to do some damn research! I revisited him 8 times before he finally had finished!)Some of the quests have you bounce back and forth between a couple/few locations. This can be tedious as animations in this game are so damn slow. In fact, the animations of others when you talk to them, and the weird pause where you say a line and they have to finish what they are doing first, is borderline hilarious at times. Coupled with the strange, awkward dialogue (the main character is sometimes an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to people, and you can't be sure if he is meant to be or the actor just read the line in the wrong context) this can break the flow of what you were doing.The puzzles are pretty easy... bar 1 I have come across so far (Which actually required me to look up due to needing real world knowledge not offered in the game.) They are entertaining enough though. BE WARNED some areas you can die... SAVE OFTEN! (And a tip... save to different files. Especially when you get tothe top of the mine, before you try and exit.You can accidentally save at a point where the only option is to die and reload and you cannot progress.)So what did I like about it? Well... it looks great and has a good amount of detail in the locales. The atmosphere on a whole is fantastic, and although the story has flaws (so far, even though I haven't finished) it is definitely pulling me back just to see what will happen!"
76561198049883325,Recommended,292930,32398413,Posted: 13 June,all,tomo21,"Dark, mysterious, thrilling adventure. It has everything that a good horror should. Dark atmosphere, interesting plot, the ancient and dangerous mystery. If you like that kinfd of atmospere, you won't be dissapointed. I wish there were more games like this.There are of course some disadvantages - some actions are far from intuitive, some actors have a bit strange voices and the mechanics are sometimes a little rough but nevertheless it is still a very good game."
76561198064800171,Recommended,292930,32157910,Posted: 3 June,all,chris_cz,"If you want old skool point and click adventure, this is one of the best you can get in the world really."
76561198201316939,Recommended,292930,32925116,Posted: 28 June,all,Sloddervossje,"I loved this game way back when I first played it. Finished it without a walkthrough. Now we have the internets and I can't solve anything without help.The story is great. The characters are diverse and the dialogues are interesting enough. They're a bit slow at times, for example when Samuel walks up to someone and asks if they could ask them a question, the other person finishes what they are doing and turns uber slowly before answering.Some of the movements are super slow too, it's not too bad if you're not in a hurry to do something else outside the game. Plan some time to play, relax with a drink and prepare to play a slow game with a lovely story."
,Recommended,292930,16096074,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Do you like old school Vincent Price horror films?Do you like the occult?Do you like point and click adventures?If you answered yes to one of the above then this game is for you.The scenario is really good and intriguing! Only bad thing I noticed was that the sound got muted in various cutscenes near the end of the game. Other than that 8/10. Get it on a sale, it gets really cheap."
76561198015052897,Recommended,292930,13070823,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Maliceff,"A nice, rich horror story that will keep your attention.  The puzzles were decent and the characters were interesting.  The story actually had depth which kept me playing to see what twist I would encounter next.  Had some trouble with crashing when i first played... then came back to it a couple of weeks later and absolutely not one crash...*head scratch*. So just make sure to save frequently as there are certain parts where you can actually die!  A really nice feature in this point and click is the map which not a lot of point and click games give the players.  That and also Samuel wont leave an area if everything he needs for a puzzle is in that particular area which saved me often from searching for a piece of a puzzle in the wrong place.So now what I didnt like...there are some parts where you have to wait on characters to do something for you.  When I say wait... I really mean wait.  There is no other task to do.  You simply have to keep checking to see if they are done.  Sometimes when you click on an object, Samuel will say it isnt interesting... however right click and all of a sudden he finds something interesting about it!  I do suggest if you left click and the object stays red... try to right click.  Also sometimes I would be stuck on some task to realize that once you need something it can magically  be clicked when it couldnt be clicked before.  Sometimes this led to meticulously scanning areas over and over when stuck.  Some of the puzzles were really hard.  I really dont like to... but at times I had to refer to a walkthrough because I didnt understand what I was supposed to do.Overall though, I do recommend and cant wait to play the next 2 installments!"
,Recommended,292930,12500245,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DivisionAgent,"Ever since I played the sequel „Black Mirror 2“, I told myself to play the first part too, so I can get to know the whole story about the Gordon family. And I’m glad I bought it.The game is from 2003, but this is barely noticeable. The environment and the graphic display is amazing considering its release date and the only thing less detailed are the characters themselves and the cutscenes. But that’s no big deal.The story is thrilling from the very first moment. It includes some puzzles (not too many), which were fun to solve. The gameplay is enjoyable. Horror moments and mysteries create creepy effects and you are even able to die by making wrong choices. It’s kind of brutal sometimes, but I don’t mind that ;)As you get into the character and deeper into the story, you can’t stop playing to solve the truth about the family history.After about 14 hours and 3 or 4 times peeking into the walkthrough solution, I finished the game and a great impression lasts.I totally recommend this game to all the point&click-adventure-lovers. It’s worth the price.Now I’m looking forward to play the last part of the Black Mirror series.In addition: I had no such problems like sound bugs or crashes during playing!"
,Recommended,292930,14244597,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Therv,"Enjoyable game if your in the mood for it. There are bugs in the game, the biggest is where the game will crash after certain dialouge bits where a screeching sound will play and the game will then crash to desktop. This can be game breaking as some of these dialouge bits are required to advance to the story. To get around this I found that clicking throught hte dialouge as fast as possible would usually bypass the crashing. You won't hear some of the story but its worth it to finish the game.Speaking of the game it's a good adventure game with a interesting gothic story and decent puzzles. Some of the puzzles are really difficult and I would never have passed one in particular because I didn't even know what it was asking of me, other than that they were the right amount of challenging and enjoyable. The voice acting is atrocious but it becomes less and less noticable as the game progresses. The finale is extremely weak and feels underdeveloped and rushed. Despite these flaws this was an excellent game worth my time and got me back into adventure games after being absent since the King's Quest series."
76561198013667267,Recommended,292930,15627425,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Horn3t,"The best point&click I've been playing for years!Great storyline and nice music/sound effects.Riddles are logical in 95% so it's really  good ;) Some irrational ones forced me to give this game 9/10 instead of 10/10.I just hope that BM2 will be as good as the first part, because I am about to start and finish it this weekend! ^^"
,Recommended,292930,14497078,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Aap,"I remember when my dad played this years ago and let me, as a kid, watch him play through point & click games. A decapitated head in a bucket gave me nightmares for weeks. 10/10I actually adore this game and am now on my second playthrough (without my dad). The voice-acting is terrible, but aside from that the game is great. There are some puzzles that make you feel hella smart plus the backgroundart is really pretty. I would recommend keeping half an eye on a walkthrough to not get stuck and wander around aimlessly, just to find the right person to continue the story. I would recommend it for all point & click players that like a bit of mystery and horror (gore)."
76561198054570404,Recommended,292930,34652042,Posted: 31 August,all,GameJeannie,"So I wanted to give an unbiased review to people who haven't played this game before, as I know the nostalgia factor is pretty big on a lot of these old AGs...myself included.  For me, this was one adventure game that slipped by me...I was aware of its existence and, even when it was on Steam it sat in my wishlist and then library for ages before I finally got around to it.First of all, I knew that it was really old at this point and I had part of the mystery spoiled for me ages ago, but nonetheless, I was still pleasantly surprised by this little gem.Pros:+Beautiful settings that are richly rendered.  Yes, some of the graphics are very dated, but the settings (specifically the Black Mirror Castle) was fantastically realised and really a pleasure to explore.+The puzzles were, for the most part, logical and fairly straight-forward to figure out.  A few were hindered by dated mechanics, but I will discuss that below.+The story was genuinely interesting and creepy.  I think it would be a little obvious, even if the mystery hadn't been spoiled for me, but I still enjoyed watching it play out.Cons:-Voice acting, which most people have mentioned, is pretty appalling.  At one point I shut off the sound and just had subtitles because the main character sounded so ridiulous.-Save often -- Approach it like an old Sierra gem and save often and KEEP MULTIPLE save files...I got myself into an unwinnable state in chapter two that I escaped only because I managed to find a saved game online...I wouldn't have replayed from the beginning otherwise.-Mechanics -- There were a few annoying mechanics that were almost deal-breakers tbh.  Specifically, the fact that Samuel won't pick up anything that he doesn't immediately need, so there's often a LOT of backtracking.  There are also a few puzzles where you ask someone for help, then you literally just wander around until they're ready...nothing to do, just wander and go back, hoping they're ready.-Slow as f--- -- Yeah, so there's no double-click to skip the walking animation here and a lot of the character animations and ESPECIALLY conversations are very slow.Depsite all those cons, I DO still recommend it.  The game felt very influenced by others in the genre from the late 90s (Broken Sword and Phantasmagoria in particular, although without the dreadful FMV of the latter) that I appreciated.  So long as you approach it realising that it has many of the older pitfalls of this genre, I think you will still enjoy it...I certainly did."
,Recommended,292930,12787882,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DriftNinjaElite,"Thank you Nordic games for listening to your fans! This is a good game, if you like story driven games, and puzzles. If you can get past the slow walking animations, and play the game for the storyline then you will enjoy this. If you like big castles, churches and exploring them, this game is for you.It starts out a little slow, but really begins to pick up mid-chapter 1. I will not spoil anything.I originally posted a negative response, but the company corrected the error.Quick update - If you are playing this for your first time, SAVE OFTEN! I have run into a few game breaking bugs such as necessary items disappearing for no reason. This particularly happened during Chapter 4 when you get back to the castle, my map was missing. This can be fixed by googling save files and replacing your current save. Others have reported similar."
76561198011233147,Not Recommended,292930,31607569,Posted: 7 May,all,J3ST3R,"The story is OK...but BEWARE!This is an old game now. One that I never got around to play when it first came out. I was eager to see what I had missed. After completing it I sit with somewhat mixed emotions about the whole experience, and here's why:The game is old so don't expect high resolution graphics or smooth animations. I'm sure this was on par with the time it came out and in no way does it ruin the experience much playing it today. Everything seems to be moving a bit slowly though.The story itself is intriguing and interesting and left me wanting to figure out what happened and how and was one of the main reasons I stayed in it to the end. Unfortunately at the conclusion I felt quite disappointed. A lot of mystery built up around the events in the game was left unanswered and it also felt quite anticlimactic.I felt the characters in the game could have been fleshed out more and made more interesting but you can tell they at least tried. Voice overs ranged from good to bad. While some had emotion and charm, others had as much charisma as an empty pack of cigarettes. And most dialogue was slow and tedious.And there is a lot of dialogue in this game, so if you don't like that you are in trouble. I don't mind a lot of dialogue if it tells a good story and keeps being interesting, but here I felt several times it could have been shortened or made a bit more exciting. The worst parts were probably the voiced written notes/books you find from time to time. Some of them took forever. Luckily you can read them faster and skip through the dialogue.What buggers me the most about this game is some of the game design decisions. For the first time, that I can remember, I managed to save my game in the absolutely worst place possible and was unable to continue playing the game, unless I would do a whole lot over again. And it is far from obvious that it would be a fatal place to save. The frustration was noticable seeing I had invested about 7 hours in the game at the time. Fortunately I could find a save online at that very spot and was able to finish the game. So yes, in this game you can actually die, so remember to save often, and use several saves. I'll share the details (as spoilerfree as possible) at the end of the review for the ones who wants to be forewarned.The other extremely frustrating game design choises are several instances where you need to get help from one of the characters and they need time to complete the task for you. This leaves you to wander around aimlessly as there is no way to progress any other part of the story until that task is completed. And sometimes it takes forever. You can be wandering from scene to scene for a good long time, come back to the character, only to be told he/she isn't done yet and you have to continue wandering around. What the hell were they thinking? Does anybody EVER like to be left with nothing to do when they play a computer game? The worst part is that this happens several times. Also, you can be pixelhunting in a screen, not being able to pick anything up, only to be sent back later to pick up these exact same objects. Not only that, but you have to go back to screens picking up items that wasn't even marked when you were there the first time. Try to make a note of what you can see in the various screens so you will have a bit easier way of finding them when you are tasked with that. Some items are also very hard to spot whether they are active or not and that will certainly cause some hunting through several large areas.Several puzzles in this game are the same sort of puzzles you expect to find in a Hidden Object game (not cluttered screens though) and feel a bit cheap. I enjoy puzzles like that but expect a bit more from ""real"" adventure games.I did experience a few bugs too, but not to much of a problem. The pointer disappeared a couple of times and could only be fixed by closing the game in the task manager and loading the last save. Alt-TAB may cause the game to crash.Overall I can't really recommend this game. It is slow, riddled with horrible game design choices and quite frankly it is a bit old. If you are a true adventure fanatic you might enjoy it, but there are so many games that are way better than this.I'd rate it at 4/10Now for the details that can save your day if you are playing this game. A slight SPOILER ALERT is in order, so be careful not to read on if you feel confident this won't affect you:-There is an instance where you come out of  a mine and see a padlocked gate in front of you. Before doing anything at all you should save your game right away. Then, the smart thing to do is to look a bit closer at that padlock before doing any actions!Hopefully you won't get stuck right here like I was, but if you are there is a link to a save game you can find here on the Steam community pages.Happy gaming :o)TJ"
76561198025070619,Recommended,292930,20742139,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,spiritworld,"You're Samuel Gordon investigating the source for dark curse upon your family. In a nutshell you go gravedigging for five sacred keys to reveal the Truth. This game was overall great experience. Definitely good price/playtime-ratio especially if get this in the bundle. Hardcore point&click without being too hardcore. Some notes before anyone should start playing to save some gray hair (no spoilers for spoiler crybabies, just made up examples of situations).1. You can actually die. This was not made clear. I usually go around clicking everything and when there's, say, grizzly bear on the way Samuel might say ""Oh gee that's dangerous, can't go there"". But SOMETIMES you go and click, say, landmine and instantly go boom. Great. When in doubt, remember to save the game.2. The user interface is 99% of the time clicking left-button for both action and inspecting. But SOMETIMES you have to use right-click to find stuff. This is very inconsistent because most of the time right-click does nothing. At least iIn the inventory left is for use and right for inspecting.3. This is not the kind of game you go picking up everything that's not bolted to the floor. You might see hotspot on, say, crowbar and Samuel says ""I ain't gonna need that"". Later on there's, say, loose nail you need and then Samuel goes ""I wish I had a crowbar or something"". So sometimes you need a valid reason to activate some items.Last thing i have to share was this ridiculous case when Samuel needed some stuff and Mr. M says ""Yeah I got that stuff in my garage"". Then you go to garage (decently much clicking to get there) and see it's locked. Then back to Mr. M (more clicking) who goes like ""Oh gee REALLY? I forgot it was locked. Here's the key."" You sonava♥♥♥♥♥ why not give me the key the first time...? Luckily, you have a map to fast travel to certain places.The praise:-interesting mystery story-graphics are fine and there's countless little details everywhere-long game, took me 16h to complete but felt like The longest journey long-much content and many different locations-decent dialog-great puzzlesThe nag:-few artificial problems that were clearly made to prolong the playtime-inconsistent point and clicking interface-eternally slow npc animations (Samuel animates at normal speed)-can't run-sometimes no idea what to do or where to go-sudden deaths"
76561198281984937,Recommended,292930,21053784,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Musemaka,"Game from 2003 and still great. Just love it!Point-and-click adventure game with bit of horror and detective elements, nice music which complete the atmosphere and great illustrations.I would say relaxing game in the sence that you are just exploring, and interacting with people and objects. Sometimes it takes time to explore and wait till all is updated (some of the elements are active once you do st, but you need to w8 and also go to other corners of the castle and surroundings) and your character needs to walk through rooms till all is ready to continue.Still I am finding this game very timeless and I could recommend."
,Recommended,292930,31127843,Posted: 13 April,all,MW2K,"I recommend this game but the Steam version hasn't been patched to the game's latest. I ran into a few errors and lockups too. I played Black Mirror on GoG, hence the review with a short playing time here.The goodVibrant graphics and visualsIntriguing and occasionally bizarre locationsGood use of colour and shadow in the visualsGood (though cliched) storySome devilish puzzlesMoody sound effects and background musicIt can get creepyCan save the game whereverThe badThe lead character is a hand-wringing Mary SueSome way out there voice actingStory can get incoherent at timesA few minor frustrations with the puzzles/gameplay"
76561198119657377,Recommended,292930,18165011,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,pollym,"black mirror series is fantastic.3 games full of dark story lines ,and great puzzles.one of my all time favourite games.if you are a fan of point and click.and mystery games then this is a must buy."
76561198187779559,Recommended,292930,17967990,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,errorclinic,"I have played this game several times and I do not get bored! Very beautiful and sinister, addictive . I also recommend to play the next two sequels."
,Recommended,292930,24044919,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"I reccomend this game even with it's flaws, really enjoyed the story and its worth playing through to enjoy fully Black Mirror 2 and 3 that were made a few years later and improve on all technical problems the first game suffered from (slow choppy animation.) I reccomend playing it using a spoiler free guide just to get the story and then move onto BM2.ProsGripping mystery storyGreat AtmosphereRewarding PuzzlesConsReally slow animationPoor pacing which involves a lot of needless back tracking.Voice acting is bad."
76561198019975879,Recommended,292930,16868140,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ShadowKenzie,"This is a dark point and click adventure. Play as Samuel who only wishes to solve the death of his beloved William. Follow Samuel to the depths of his own dark truths. It is very enjoyable, the puzzles are great. Just remember things that are around that you couldnt pick up earlier, you may be able to collect them when needed. Well worth the play. The story line is dark and great."
76561197984269843,Recommended,292930,21223349,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jinnantonix,"I don't know how I missed this game the first time around.  And the $9.99 asking price for a game that's 12+ years old is a little ambitious, but I feel it is well worth the price.Overall, it's a pretty straight-forward point-and-click adventure.  You're the prodigal relative who has returned to the manor after many years of self-imposed ostracism.  William (your uncle or brother or dad, something like that) has died under mysterious circumstances and you take it upon yourslef to find out what has happened.It's kind of a modern analog for ""The Witness"" or ""Deadline"" or ""Suspect"", except that it's a touch more linear.  If you remember those games then you like a good mystery.  There are some interesting puzzlers here, nothing too tough.  But truly the plot here is interesting and compelling.  You interact with a lot of characters and you have an opportunity to ask them a ton of questions.  And the characters are written as though they are real people -- that is, they don't see their function in the game as forwarding the plot.  They have personalities, they lie, they have their own interests that they pursue.  They don't just sit there and give you information.Part thriller, part horror, part mystery, this game makes the hours go quickly.  I haven't even finished it yet at 6.3 hours.As I wrote before, there are some tedious moments that haunt all point-and-click adventures.  You really have to be careful whisking the mouse around the screen or you'll miss something.  And sometimes you'll like at something fifty times by left clicking on it and then, for snicks, right click and there comes the solution.Truly, $9.99 was asking a lot for this game.  I got it at a heavily discounted price.  But overall I wouldn't be disappointed if I had paid full price for it.  I can't say the same for its sequels.  But spend some time with this little gem.  Well worth it and you will feel satisfied.A shame all modern games can't pay more attention to this story and plot that this game has and spend less time on the flash and dazzle of graphics.Highly recommended!"
76561198134651521,Recommended,292930,16402393,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,simon.tman,"This is a difficult game to review, because yes, I would certainly highly recommend it as a superb point 'n' click game; in fact I consider it one of - if not the best - I have ever played.  The problem is, it's a very different game to both sequels, which I believe are better introductions to the overall story, rather than playing chronologically.  They have a different protagonist, and are more consistent with each other than their predecessor.I would, in all honesty recommend playing Black Mirror II & III BEFORE Black Mirror I, as they are, in my opinion superior games.I think that if you were to play BM I first and you didn't like it, you would be making a mistake not playing the sequels assuming they are more of the same.  If you were to play II & III first however you would enjoy the first game far more.I have played these games prior to purchasing on Steam, and have been a fan for many years.  I have played them all through a number of times now, and would hold them equal to the holy grail of point 'n' click games, the Broken Sword trilogy. They are very different in terms of tone but... in fact, I would go so far to say the Black Mirror trilogy has the edge.PROS+ The environments are beautifully drawn.  Some of the best I have ever seen.+ The music is wonderfully atmospheric; superior even to my former personal favourite score, from the Broken Sword games.+ The story is intriguing, gory and sinister.+ It is not an easy game, and challenges you.+ The world and setting feel authentic+ The in game ambient sounds are excellent+ It is a big game, which will take you a long time to get through.CONS- Fairly heavy on the dialogue.- Character animations can be slow- Some puzzles are difficult, and I needed to refer to a guide more than once.- The accents are - on occasion - erm... interesting.- Higher resolutions are not supported.  I run my PC via a 50"" Sony and had to enable image scaling to fill the screen.I cannot recommend the Black Mirror games highly enough if you want something with a really professional, well crafted feel to it.  Something about the atmosphere and feel of the game is very unique; reviews are mixed, but take it from someone who loves this type of game, it's one of the best.  I would start with the sequels, but this is a good introduction to the story and both Black Mirror Castle and Willow Creek are well worth your time."
76561198077378264,Recommended,292930,32404885,Posted: 13 June,all,Sorenn,"This game is a point and click style game with a horror theme.  You play as Samuel Gordon, the heir to an ancient estate called Black Mirror.  The main character is voiced by none other than Anthony Daniels of C3P0 fame.  As Samuel Gordon you must investigate a series of unsettling murders and delve into the ancient history of the Gordon family.  You get to do fun things like lie, steal and order servants about imperiously in the course of your investigations.  The gameplay is a bit tedious as you must exhaust all possible dialogs and do exactly the right thing before the game will let you progress.  It takes about 15-20 hours to complete.  There are lots of interesting puzzles that one can solve with a little bit of thinking - the puzzles are very well done.  I think the story was pretty decent with tension that builds gradually as the chapters progress.  There is a bit of a twist in the plot.  I recommend saving frequently as once or twice I managed to die and lose a lot of progress.  I did have trouble with aZodiacbased puzzleas I did not know what symbol matched what sign and did not have a clue about the proper sequence.I give this game 7 out of 10.  I bought it on sale for three dollars and it was worth the money.  Not as good as The Longest Journey, but better than Nibiru."
76561198073217255,Recommended,292930,21821268,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Xentsev,"Dated graphics when it comes to the character models, but an intriguing story, though there is a major plothole near the end.  The game is worth it solely for the beautiful environments and eerie atmosphere in places.  Not for everyone, but I certainly enjoyed it."
76561198146043925,Recommended,292930,23163094,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jackoid89,"I bought this game recently in a bundle, and I never played it when it first came out, therefore my review will not be biased by the nostalgia of the good ol' times!Despite being published in 2004, the game is still enjoyable and the 11 years old graphics did not compromise the atmosphere nor the immersion feeling. This is due to the fact that the storyline is pretty solid and the puzzle have the right combination of challenge/feasibility (at least for my perspective).The only negative aspect that I found is that the animation of the characters are a little clumsy, slowing down the dialogs and the passage from one screen to the other. They most probably realised the issue, infact they fixed this problem in the second chapter.If you like games like Monkey Island, Syberia and The longest journey, you will for sure enjoy this series!"
,Recommended,292930,14339702,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[OLF] Hellyeah Y'lbarfurbalsout,"TL;DR : I don't like the first game. The rest is awesome.Long before I started playing Black Mirror, I already had played Black Mirror II and I absolutely loved it. I couldn't wait until BMIII came out. That game too satisfied my needs. When I saw that the trilogy was finally coming to steam, I insta-bought the first game too.Although I have only played for 15 minutes or so, I already felt like the game wasn't as good as the rest of the trilogy.I first of all had difficulties getting it to start up and when I was finally playing the low quality really bothered me. And I'm not just talking about graphics; Whenever I start a conversation I takes the npc waaay too long to respond, because it first has to complete their (really laggy) animation. I also didn't like the characters to all be so uptight. Of course, that's because the setting is in a old victorian castle and all the characters are rich. Nothing to do about that, but it's just not the same to play as Samuel as it is the play Darren(main character of BMII & III).I can safely say that the studio really did improve the game quite a bit with BMII and III. Of course, going backwards to the first game, I couldn't expect much, but I did. And that's why I'm a bit disappointed; because I wanted more of the same. The game's probably pretty good qua story. I just don't seem to have the patience. I'm ready to move on."
76561197984574042,Recommended,292930,20885019,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ƥƦơơƑ,"""Black Mirror"" is excellent!I have always liked point and click (p'n'c) adventures and horror games - and this title combines both.It does so extraordinarily well!The story is very well written. There is suspense, many interesting details and diverse characters.It also manages to largely avoid one of the typical problems that many p'n'c adventures have: it is mostly not frustrating to find the right object in the scenery which you need to manipulate or collect, etc.I can only find one flaw: you sometimes need to walk around aimlessly for some time just because you need to wait for a character to be ready. The game designers should have included an option to sleep for a while in order to pass that time - especially because you have your own room with a bed in it in the castle.Other than that, it is a must-have for fans of  p'n'c adventures and horror/mystery."
76561198117374265,Recommended,292930,21733086,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,BatGirlJack,"Playing this game is like reading a 19th century novel; know it's going to take quite a long time and some parts will be very slow but the rich story line and character progression make for a very rewarding experience.Black Mirror is a very straight-forward, adventure, point and click game where most problems can be solved by repeatedly talking to different characters and finding inventory items. There are very few mini games, but all that are there were really fun.As always, I must comment on my own personal pet peeve, slow walking protagonists, but in this game it's not just the protagonist that's slow. Every time you click on someone to talk to, there will be an approximately 5 second, animated delay while they stop what they're doing and turn to you. It can get a bit grating but clearly, this is no manic game and is designed for a relaxed game play experience. One small upside is that while Samuel doesn't run and definitely doesn't jump, ha, if you can click on a scene exit, the game will jump to the next screen (though again, after a few second delay).I also have to warn you about the absolutely most annoying thing in the game, there are two or three scenarios where you have to wait for another character to get back to you about something before you can continue along with the story line. They say things like ""Come back later"" and well, they really do mean later. There's nothing you can do to speed this along. You can go to every location possible, look and talk to everything or everyone you've already clicked on, or just sit and wait.Clearly, this does make sense from a story perspective, but having gameplay where the character does nothing but just has to move around or wait is absolutely ridiculous and should never ever be included.Now regardless of my above complaints, I still really liked this game and I can't wait to continue in the sequel."
76561198257930116,Recommended,292930,22930667,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,AuntyJulie,"This game had an excellent storyline & excellent graphics. It is one of my favourite types of game and I thoroughly enjoyed it. However, some of the voice overs, particularly Samuel's, were rather strange, stilted and not in keeping with the environment. Samuel's voice and tone particularly were at odds with his character and after a while I found it a little irritating. I did not let this spoil the enjoyment of the game and was entertained throughout."
76561198283948907,Recommended,292930,34317408,Posted: 17 August,all,DeadpanAllie,"I love this little game. I played it when it was released, and I have just finished it again. It has a very compelling story, very much like if you were reading a Gothic novel. The scenarios are beautiful and rich in detail.It feels a bit old now, though. Sometimes events and dialogues have a slow pace and it is neccesary to wait for quite some time in order to get some pieces of information.Overall, if you are into nicely written storytelling, I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,292930,15281956,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Evaheist,"First, I'll talk about the positives:+ Great looking backgrounds even by today's standards. Very smooth and good looking pre-rendered backgrounds fill every frame of this game. It's a very beautifully imagined game and the environments truly look detailed.+ Very intruiging story. It starts out slow but really picks up from chapter 2 and makes you come back for more to see what will happen next. As I will mention later, despite lots of plotholes and bad dialogue, the interesting story is what resulted in me not giving this game a marginal thumbs down.+ Great sound effects which are creepy when they need to be and that's almost always in this mystery/horror game.+ Puzzles are usually very logical. There's a challenging slider puzzle and a few more but most of the game is about using objects in your inventory rather than puzzle-box situations.And now the negatives that almost made me lose it every time I played the game:- HORRIBLE main character that acts like a selfish, blue-blooded lord while borderline insulting NPCs who are even helping him with his quest. Sometimes I just wanted to smash in Samuel's head in to prematurely end his own and other's misery.- RIDICULOUSLY bad voice acting. Once again, the main character takes the cake for being the worst of the bunch. I can't imagine even if a person TRIED to voice as bland and uninterested as the voice actors in this game they couldn't do it this bad. It's a chore to listen to most of the game's dialogues because you feel like they're not interested in the mystery so why should I be?- Technical issues with the game's FPS. it would drop drastically whenever I was in an outside scene when it was raining. Everything would slow down to a crawl and a simple 5 second task would take 30 seconds to act out. Although I found a temporary solution to it. You can Alt+Tab out of the game and go back to it and everything would speed up but only for 4-5 seconds and it would slow down again. I had no problem with the indoor scenes.- Character animations and graphics look very bad. It didn't really bother me though I play lots of adventure games and there are but a few 3d ones that have very good character animations.- There is some pixel hunting to be done. The environments are really detailed so it's easy to miss an important item. But the main problem comes from the fact that you can only pick up objects that Samuel recognizes as useful for the task currently at hand. So there are several instances when you can't pick something up at some point only to come back to it later and pick it up when it needs to be used in an almost immediate environment puzzle solution.- The last point leads to LOTS of backtracking and not ever being entirely sure that you currently have everything you need to do something and you have to go back to places you've been to try and pick up stuff you left behind because Samuel thought they weren't necessary at first.- Most of the investigation and interactions are done with the left mouse button but somehow, with SOME items, the only way to investigate further is right clicking on the item/area. This is very confusing and sometimes leads to dead ends where you think you've looked at everything but what you need to do is right click on everything to double check.- The story has major plot holes and doesn't entirely explain what happened on in the end but it remained interesting enough for me to finish it so maybe it won't disappoint you either.- It doesn't run in full screen you'll have a black border around your game all the time. I use a widescreen monitor so maybe that was the problem.- The cinematics look really dated.To be honest, Black Mirror is one of the most mediocre adventure games I've played in a long time. I've heard good things about the sequels and I'll give them a try too but I wanted to start from the series beginning to become more immersed in the mythos. And I think if you want to play the whole series then definitely play this game as well but if you want to buy just a single game from the series, you're better off choosing one of the other two.A Marginal thumbs up."
76561198000336405,Recommended,292930,25760558,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lowfar,"I really enjoyed this game. It has an interesting plot for the most part, a really nice atmosphere, and decent graphics for its time. I thought I had figured out certain answers...I was wrong! The voice acting was quite good, with the exception of the main character. The performance of ""Samuel"" sounded like the star actor was sick and the poor stage manager had to go through the play reading his lines! Nevertheless, I was interested enough to play it through. There were some mildly annoying game mechanics: Samuel apparently never learnt to run; sometimes there was a lot of travelling back and forth without the ability to ""zip"" to places within a location (although there was fast travel between locations, once you have visited them); and some of the plot points didn't jive for me. I liked it enough however, to look forward to playing the sequels. If you like the genre, and the point & click style, then I would recommend this game. I had no technical issues running it on my Windows 10 computer."
,Recommended,292930,20761853,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,unreal_rik,"Great story, disappointing ending without closure, extremely slow npc animation, graphics look like they're from the mid 90s, simple and intuitive gameplay, likeable protagonist even though his voice actor is horrible. Recommended because of the story."
,Recommended,292930,34996913,Posted: 16 September,all,Foibleson,"Joint review for Black MIrror I, II and III:I highly recommend finishing Black Mirror I before starting II and III.BM I is harder, more outdated, and tends to crash if you alt-tab in the game, so save often and you may need a walkthrough. A lot of it is ""hidden object"" type of gaming and the objects are sometimes unfairly hidden IMHO. But something about the old style of this game makes it even more creepy, possibly more than the next two in some ways.BM II and III were produced around the same time and are more modernized, with better graphics. They are a bit more fair and a walkthrough is not quite as necessary as with the first. The protagonist can be somewhat unlikeable if you don't like happy-go-lucky drifter kids with Boston accents. There's an option in BM II and III where you can show all clickable areas on the screen.Overall good stories and puzzles, and a bit of a sense of humor. But mostly these are mysterious games where you are constantly looking for something, or someone. The endings of BM I and II are  very good, the ending for BM III is of course more final but also somehow less satisfying than you would expect (given we are dealing with dark magic stuff it feels pretty made-up.)"
,Recommended,292930,13032108,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BlacKnight,Game works on Win8.1.The graphics are great except for the characters which is horrible. Soud effects and all audio is great. Crontrols are great.
76561198041495119,Recommended,292930,25908483,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Starletka,"If I had to name one game that changed my life forever, it would be the first Black Mirror. I was around 12 the first time I played it, and I was very easily scared back then, so this game scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Nevertheless, with its quality story, characters, atmosphere, twists and turns, and enjoyable gameplay filled with puzzles, it made me fall in love not only with point & click adventure games, but also with horror genre. Needless to say I've re-played it like a billion times since, and I'm very happy I found it on Steam."
,Recommended,292930,20214117,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Royal Rambler,"LikesThrilling (believable) atmosphere throughout the whole game.Sophisticated & refined graphic environment (e.g. exquisitely furnished rooms).Different locations (e.g. mansion, morgue, sanatorium, pub, etc., ... ) + different spaces (e.g. bedroom, hallway, yard, etc., ... ).Interactive map (gets you from one place to another in the blink of an eye).Simple, easy-to use interface (e.g. inventory & game settings).Dislikes:""Stiff"" execution of the script (i.e. conversation).Lack of flow in regard to character movement.No auto-save (you may find yourself replaying certain parts or even chapters, if you forget saving!)Having to go back-and-forth too many times at some point.************************************************The game has a beautiful ""old-world"" feel to it, and looks very enticing (especially the first setting where the story begins: at ""Black Mirror"" castle); the main character's (rich!) family estate.I seriously wanted the character to keep going back there for more :). Unfortunately, there's only a small amount of rooms to explore, but the process is still satisfying nonetheless!The puzzles are manageable. They take enough time to keep the player entertained, without ending up overly frustrated or braindead.Some of the conclusions drawn by the main character feel a bit ""off"" (not exactly illogical, but rather insufficiently developed you could say).This game somehow gets away with it, because the beauty & emotional complexity of the main plot makes up for it.However, the game progress tends to be tricky at times, in that it will have you running around (in spots you've been before, to get certain items that aren't visible at first, but become accessible only after executing a set of tasks in a particular order).So you will want to pay attention to that!All in all, it's a really enjoyable game, if you can get past the initial ""stiff"" impression, and save your progress frequently.Regardless of this fact, I most definitely recommend it to lovers of the point&click/puzzle/adventure genre.It contains a good balance of thrill, mischief & secrecy :).If you give it a try, you might be pleasantly surprised as I was! ♥"
76561198120347046,Recommended,292930,30927772,Posted: 3 April,all,fish8100,"Great game, really got into the story. Definitely recommend if you love point and click."
76561197975127438,Recommended,292930,31264545,Posted: 20 April,all,Nick89,"Great atmosphere, great characters and I liked the English voice overs, I thought they were generally well acted. I thought Samuel's posh, brusque way of speaking was really entertaining, at times quite funny, you could actually pretend that he's autistic!I think how the story progressed was excellent and it kept you interested but the ending left quite a lot to be desired. That said though I enjoyed the game thoroughly right until that point. Looking forward to playing the sequels."
,Recommended,292930,30267286,Posted: 1 March,all,Mithras O_+,"Black Mirror a point and click mystery.Pros:> The games story is really well done and keeps you interested throughout.> The backgrounds of areas are beautiful. Looks Great.> Controls and game interface are very easy and simple to use.> Dialogue is pretty good. Mostly relevant/useful information is spoken.> Voice acting is actually decent. Aswell as sounds> Cutscenes may be dated to some, looks wise but i feel they still hold up.> Atomosphere created is executed excellently.> Difficulty was balanced, not too easy and not too hard (puzzles)Cons:> Game is extremely slow paced and takes a while for story to get going.> Awkward long pauses between conversations.> Awful part involving asking a preist to get some records for you, literally takes ages, Ages!> Worst of all is the models, they look ugly and very pixelated. The animation of the models are also very robotic and stiff.> No option for display and even with upscalling via graphic menu hardware still does not help. (Model wise)Overall I would recomend this game to those who like point and click games and have played a fair amount. If you are more of a  casual point and click fan I would suggest passing this game as it probally is not for you5/10"
76561197961643982,Recommended,292930,28796878,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,knarflook,"A good point-and-click game, despite its flaws.I would only recommend Black Mirror to fans of the genre. It's generic and sometimes frustrating, but then again, so are most of these games. Though more of a mystery than a horror story, lovers of the macabre may consider their needs served in this game.The graphics are a mixed bag: the animations really show their age and are clunky and sluggish, but the beautiful backgrounds more than make up for this. Sound is alright, though I found the voice-acting to be a bit bland (note: I played the game with Russian audio).The puzzles are also two-sided. A lot offer just the right amount of challenge, but others were a drag. There were many times where I just stopped bothering, checked a walkthrough, and then rolled my eyes about how unsatisfying the solution was. There's also some ""pixel hunting"" involved (essential items being very hard to spot on screen), and a damnable hard 'slider puzzle' (you've seen it before: a scrambled board of 4x4 moveable squares, with one open spot) halfway in the game.Rather unforgivable though, is a set-up at about two thirds in the game, where you have a gun with two bullets and need to get passed a shut gate. If you do not properly inspect the lock first, the protagonist will miss the first shot, and if you save at this point (as I did...) you are royally screwed when you come face-to-face with an angry wolf mere moments later.Another gripe I have is that the game sometimes stops it own pace by having you consult another character for advice, only to be told that he or she needs some time for research. What happens then is that you'll spend five or ten minutes just aimlessly walking around until the character finally decides to share their vital piece of information with you.Despite all this nitpicking, I'd still say it's not a bad game by any means. But like I said: it's only recommend for the seasoned point-and-click lovers. Buy it on sale and it'll probably be worth it."
,Recommended,292930,22956180,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,alexandra.pripu,"The game can pretty much be summed up like this:Click. Useless object with useless description.Click. You need to find a key.Click. Found key, open door.Click. Useless object with useless description.Click. You need to find a key.Click. Found key, open another door.Click. Useless object with useless description.Click. You need to find a key.Click. Found key, open chest.Click. Useless object with useless description.Click. You need to find a key.Click. Found key, open a massive chest.Click. Useless object with useless description.Click. You need to find a key.Click. Found key, open a gate.And so on until you need to find 5 ultimate fancy KEYS!The game sometimes kills you for no reason, so whenever you feel that what you are going to touch is going to kill you, save immediately before you do it.The story makes you want to get to the bottom of whatever is going on in that castle and around it. And sometimes it just makes you want to get to the bottom of the castle, like the old man in the first cutscene (especially when some of the voice-overs or puzzles are bad and slow).The buildings are nice.6/10, passed my test, so I recommend it.If you want to read the review I made for Black Mirror 2, you can find it here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/alexandrapripu/recommended/286460/"
76561198071359032,Recommended,292930,14231947,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kaseteufel,It`s a good old fashion murder mystery set in the outskirts of balmy England. This game is good and leaves lots of suspensful questions to be answed in 2 and 3!
76561198025386436,Recommended,292930,15572031,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,shub1000young,"Horrible voice acting, infuriating pixel hunting, irritating linearity with the puzzles and aimless wandering for the sake of aimless wandering. I loved every second of it. I haven't lost myself in a point and click like this one for a long time."
76561198211195647,Recommended,292930,22929755,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,miclazy,"I cannot understand the negative comment s on here for this gamein my opinion its an classic, old yes... but still had fun playing, very athmospheric, creepy,the riddles werent too hard...only thing i can say that the game crashed somtimes.. on my laptop windows 8,so dont forget to save the game often and save on two slots.other than that i really enjoyed it..."
,Recommended,292930,22930617,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dame Amethyst,"I really loved the atmosphere of this game, the genre, the story. But the game play had a tendency toward tediousness. At serveral points in the game, you had to basically walk around from one end of the Black Mirror world to the other simply to advance the game. There was nothing to do beyond wait for the game to decide that enough time had passed to progress to the next point. That was annoying. But I did enjoy it immensely. I started Black Mirror II immediately after. Talk about a shock. The character relationships in the first game weren't clear at all. The woman who died in the first one (before the events in the timeline) was the main character's *wife* not his sister. I didn't find that out until the second game's prologue, where that fact was revealed. Outside of all that, I did really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,292930,14611939,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,GothicHM,"Still plays well for a game that launched in 2003. Good plot, though the final twist is somewhat obvious. Gameplay, point & click, is generally good but is marred by a couple of exceptionally long waits for characters who are doing something for you. Puzzles are all logical and none of the finds too difficult as long as you remember to try a right click if the pointer remains red but dialogue does not progress. Really the only downside is the voice acting that sounds like a Toast of London as produced by Clem Fandango voiceover (if you know the reference you will not be able to get that image out of your head)68/100"
76561198076916084,Recommended,292930,14989010,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jathre,"I have not played this game when it was relised in 2003, but even now it is very good point-and-click adventure. Yes, there are some flaws, but they are not essential. Here are some examples: 1) Few holes in the plot, to be more precise, not all events that take place in the game are explained properly. 2) Obsolete graphics, but I don't really care about this moment. And one last flaw, or even curse that haunts most of the adventure games - not the best ending at all. But overall gameplay is really good. It is interesting to follow the plot. Game is quite big, approximately 15 hours if you will not stuck. So let's conclude - a good game, if you like adventures you will like this one too."
76561198262080096,Recommended,292930,19725905,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ElLirogono,"A good classic point&click adventure.There are some glitches, the game is to long which makes searching for the right tool to solve next puzzle a bit tiresome (it's more guessing what the devs had in my mind rather than 'what would I do') and the plot is not as surprising as it would like to be, but still it's fun."
,Recommended,292930,19092941,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,gryffinstark,"If you are a fan of adventure and strong narrative, treat yo'self.Not one to be underestimated just because bad voice acting and stunted animations."
76561197995247737,Recommended,292930,21782658,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,hole'n'head,"As a point&click adventure game, this is worth a play through.  The game plays well and the story is enjoyable.  I played more for the story but was able to consistently progress through the game puzzles with only a few places where I was stuck -- a couple times because I overlooked the obvious.  And walkthroughs are available if you need to get through a stuck point.Some have described this as a horror game.  It can certainly be strange and creepy, and even violent at times.  And it definitely has a dark, supernatural story.  But I would not call it horror.  Never did I have any jump scares or feel dread playing it.Having finished Black Mirror II and Black Mirror III also, this game has a somewhat different feel than the latter 2 in the series.  Graphics are good in this game but it does show its age, although not necessarily in a bad way.  Compared to the last 2 games in the series, it doesn't provide a way to highlight the interactive objects but normally they are not hard to find.The story is set in England and that is good, as it is a story that mixes the old world with the modern.  In some places the story feels a little disjointed but overall it is a decent story, and it serves as the backdrop to the last 2 games in the series.If you plan on playing the series, start with this one."
76561198061757601,Recommended,292930,32908990,Posted: 27 June,all,midlandsman1030,"really great game , graphics good and as people say yes there is a lot of going back and forth thats point and click games but on the whole great story and puzzles a couple of which are very hard. on the whole anyone who wants a cheap adventure game this is a must only thing i found is the main characters voice is annoying as hes so dull in his expressions all other voices more enthusiastic. certainly recomend off to play no 2"
76561197980059752,Recommended,292930,26233994,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,✯қоєқ&ᴃаққєя✯,"In summary, considering its age, it's a decent game that's well presented and still looks and sounds good, although everything moves in slow motion, and conversations are articulate to the point that it's like they're reading letters to each other for communication. Luckily you can click through the slow conversations and double click to quickly exit scenes. Oh yeah, and every. damn. thing. is. locked. Locks have locks that have locks that are locked and need  to be unlocked before you can unlock the lock that unlocks the lock to the locked thing. And not just regularly locked, mind you, no, locked with all manner of puzzles. Did I mention that everything is locked? Also don't forget to save often because the main character can die and you will curse yourself for having to go through the motions again. Yeah, you guessed it, I'm not too big on Point&click adventures. One more peeve: The unlikeable main character is really obtuse in his conclusions and sounds the part. Slightly recommended, ""I-think-I-will-go-now."""
76561198008914127,Not Recommended,292930,28429211,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Wuzzerator,"I was starting to like this game. The point and click aspects are generally logical, the story is intriguing, and it has pretty good backgrounds and characterisation. After 4 hours of gameplay some things really started to niggle.The first is a biggy if you ask me - that the solution to a number of problems is to wait for an indeterminate amount of time for a solution - either an object or an answer you need. There is literally nothing to do in this time other than walk around, looking at the same things you have already investigated and feeling horrendously bored. If there was something else you could do i.e. mini games or similar then this would be ok, but it feels very much like the game is just fleshing out the time taken. I'm sure there were plenty of other games out there at the time this was made that did this, but it's still lazy. It would make far more sense if you had to complete a task before you could get the answer.The second is some of the puzzles. There are no clues about the solution. Now this can be great if it involves lateral thinking or logic, but this makes for some very frustrating game play as you're left randomly trying combinations to see what actually works. Again, it could be that I've now lost patience with something that was common at the time, but I find it infuriating.The third is that it would be better with a few more prompts from your character. Thankfully if there's still something to be done in an area he refuses to leave, but the help he gives is far more sporadic after that. It would be helpful, for example, if he gave some logical hint as to why he doesn't want to do something, thus prompting you to look for another solution.Perhaps I am being overly harsh on a very old game, but this has now got to the point where I have stopped enjoying it. Sure that, all in all, if you can get past these niggles that it's still enjoyable and I know it has quite a following, but still I'm fast losing patience."
76561198164016063,Recommended,292930,19909928,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Artemur,"There is no too much to say. this game is a point and click adventure game classic and adventure games fans must play this game and sequels. if you don't mind bad voice acting and some technical issues, if you like gothic horror stories and some mystery, don't hesitate to try this game. no need to mention this game's gorgeously drawn pre rendered backgrounds, eerie soundtrack and dark/immersive atmospehere."
,Not Recommended,292930,30989626,Posted: 6 April,all,Happy Meal,"Simple game of with the focus being mystery/puzzle solving, but nothing is simple about it. This game is incredibly frustrating , even the smallest thing over looked will be disastrous leaving you to wander for an eternity going back to every place you've been wasting so much time. The only time this game was ever fun was when you finally progress in the game after wandering for century's but it soon fades when you realize you're stuck again wandering around. The main character looks like Lord Farquad and Gabe newel had an abomination of a child, this made wandering around for centuries   more uncomfortable. If you like not knowing what to do for a long time I would suggest buying this game.Great advice- Be cery careful where you save, some actions you take in the game will lead you to your death regardless of what you do. Best to keep two different saves.Would be happy to reccomend it if the dev's would fix the game breaking save bugs, If you are playing this because you want to start this before playing the sequels(which are good games) best to skip it and read about what happens."
,Recommended,292930,22820571,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"The game definitely shows its age but is solid in terms of stability, mechanics, etc.My major gripe is that its pretty boring and bland for a big chunk of the game and only gets interesting much later.There are some things that are also done so poorly they make the ""so bad its funny"" category.For instance, the voice acting is solid but the dialogue is awkward.Pick up only if you are going through the entire seriesa nd on sale."
,Not Recommended,292930,30213515,Posted: 26 February,all,Bolasdagrk,"This review will explain this game very quickly & simply:I purchased the broken mirror trilogy.  I'm only playing this (part 1) so I can be consistent with the ""broken mirror"" storyline.My best recommendation is to skip this game and watch highlights on youtube or something because I'm so sick of the grind, that I wish I never started it.  Do not get me wrong, it is a good game but it is so out-dated that it doesn't make sense to play a game this slow paced unless you have no other interesting games in your library.  This may have been a thumbs up otherwise... but anyone who likes to have constant video game stimulation, will not be getting any here."
76561198015497259,Recommended,292930,33266358,Posted: 5 July,all,VipeR,I took my time to play this game. Find it interesting but with a very dissapointing ending leaving you with many questions something i dont like in general. Puzzles are good and just a small tip you can interract items with left and right mouse button. Overal is a good game for its time. If like old school adventures give it a go :) .
76561198025387354,Not Recommended,292930,23073989,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sraaa,"First of all, if you are going to try this game out, do yourself a favor and turn the speech volume all the way off and use captions instead. The voice acting is absolutely unbearable, not only intonation-wise but also speed-wise, and with captions on you can click through the rigid dialog as soon as you're done reading.Second of all, it's obvious that the makers of this game confused ""time sink"" with ""gameplay"", as sometimes happens. You are forced to leave behind item after item that you KNOW you will need later (because you're able to highlight them... but no, your character thinks ""I don't need to use this right now"" and refuses to take it). This makes for a ton of backtracking your snail of a character through the maze of castle grounds. This is not clever... it does not present a puzzle to overcome; it is a time waste with absolutely no added value. After enough of this, I had to quit the game and just call it a loss."
76561198045676923,Recommended,292930,28005513,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lemon,"hello,i completly bought the black mirror series from steam.  i do not rate graphics.  with my reviews i want to show you which point and click adventures fits to you. also, i don't rate bugs unless it can't be fixed in any kind.- graphic-style: 2(1 = pixel; 5 = complete 3D; 0 = comic/drawing)- lenght: 3(1 = short/indie; 5 = feels endless)-difficulty: 3(1 = beginner; 5 = expert; 0 = click-time-event)- story: 4(1 = linear; 5 = unexpected/wow-effect)- funfactor: 5(1 =boring; 5 = exciting)- syncro: 4+(1 = bad/quiet/lagging; 5 = excellent; 0 = only subtitles; + = german voice)conclusion: if you like p&c adventures, you should give it definetly a try, even thouh the game is outdated the support of this game still exists. it was very exciting for me. the difficulty is good and supposed for experienced players of p&c adventures. beginners shouldn't start with this game unless you want to get a cool adventure game.___if you want to compare my reviews to find p&c adventures for your flavour, then i would lovely invite you to follow the P&C-adventure kurator (kurator link is coming, when i finished 10 reviews)"
76561198008547205,Recommended,292930,30989968,Posted: 6 April,all,MDXFECT,"Very pleasantly surprised. Definitely the hardest casual game I have played, with little hand holding, if any. I had to use walkthroughs in a few places, so this was a nice challenge. There were places I got stuck and found the solution too farfetched, or something tiny in a corner my eyes can't even see, but most of the time I was just not creative enough.It is not a fast paced game, and requires some patience. PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT DOUBLE CLICKING WILL SKIP THE WALKING ANIMATION. You do not have to sit there and watch Samuel meander. I realized that late in the game and was very upset. Aside from that, there is some backtracking and some situations you literally just have to wander around doing nothing in order to advance the story.Unlike most other games I have played like this, permanent mistakes are possible. Save your game. I backed myself into a corner and had to download someone else's save file to continue.With a few caveats, I thoroughly enjoyed this game for many hours."
,Recommended,292930,25909692,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chronepsis,"Awesome series with occult, mystery, horror, psychologic horror elements. Every adventure games player (adventurer) should play it."
76561198052378600,Recommended,292930,25521190,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Aurora Violet,"I played this game all the time when I was young, but the physical copy of the game I have won't run on any computer newer than a Windows XP. As far as actual gameplay goes, it can be a bit frustrating at times, but I love the storyline and the general dark and mysterious atmosphere it has."
,Recommended,292930,25546154,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Yet Another Tacitus,"Its a well-written, old school point-and-click with some annoying features which can be implied by that - especially hot-spots that are hard too see and slow walking.  One of the non-standard annoying features was having to wander around waiting for time to pass several times each chapter and it was unclear when the time was up.  And there were a number of arbitrary deaths - so use your saves; they give them to you for a reason.  Just to add I played it on a modern Windows 7-64 bit machine."
,Recommended,292930,34129301,Posted: 9 August,all,sahibatko,"I remember playing this game long before it came to Steam and it sure is still good. Some puzzles take time to crack, sometimes one needs to revisit all available locations to find a single ""clik"", but that has been part of every nostalgic point-and-click adventure game :)"
76561197971643454,Recommended,292930,34196715,Posted: 12 August,all,the_nil,I played this in windowed mode on Windows 10 using these instruction:https://steamcommunity.com/app/292930/discussions/0/2592234299535439822/#c2217311444330404211Although the graphics are dated and some of the voice acting is a bit awkward this was a really great purchase (Black Mirror bundle at $4.99).  There is more content than expected and due to the way I had to play the game I have no record of how long it took to beat but I guarantee it is over 10 hours.The only drawback is walking speed and some times where you have to kill time in order for the NPCs to do a task for you.  I played with the guide open so as to minmize the running around and sometimes an item will only appear after a specific event.  Using a TV to play made it difficult to spot subtle items hidden in the frame.
76561198073488017,Not Recommended,292930,35433282,Posted: 2 October,all,kittensoft,"Think I'm giving up on this one for now (may return to it later). The scenery is really nice but the gameplay is so, so slow and involves a lot of backtracking and literally waiting around for things to happen without anything you can do in between. I read the walkthrough for the next little bit I need to finish (about halfway through) and apparently there's a very difficult RANDOMIZED slider puzzle coming up so this is when I figure it's time to quit...^^;"
,Not Recommended,292930,31348306,Posted: 24 April,all,kasviel,"I cannot reccommend this game. Most of the hours I have logged for it consist of circular walking around (no running) and random pointing and clicking. I love the P&C genre, I do, and I have a high tolerance for fastidious puzzles, HOWEVER this game is anal to the point of having a very specific order to every segment of plotline discovery. Online walkthroughs must be for older versions, because they all fail to lay out a simple timeline that will help with the current version. The little bit of the game that I have figured out has been due to random, tedious ""click everything"" methodology and blind luck or chance. Good premise, classic genre, terrible gameplay."
,Recommended,292930,15734236,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DJ Daddy Cumdumpster,A beautifully crafted and immersive first person shooter that touches on the subtleties of racism in modern America.10/10
,Not Recommended,292930,35427310,Posted: 2 October,all,arcanum.zero,"I gather that this game has a cult following, and gods bless you guys, but Black Mirror is dull as a butter knife.  It is not a badly designed adventure game in the traditional sense -- so many adventure games suck because the designers have no idea how to create an intuitive puzzle.  That is not Black Mirror's problem.  Black Mirror's problem is just that it is boring.I'm sure it picks up after the first four hours.  It must, because it certainly couldn't become /less/ exciting.  You realize in the opening cutscene that there's a room you will need to begin your investigation in, and four hours of fetch quests later I am still no closer to getting in that room when I first booted up the game.  I'm solving puzzles at a reasonable pace.  I'm not frustrated by the game itself.  It's the story that is putting me to sleep.There are no small victories to celebrate, in Black Mirror.  Adventure games live or die on the feeling of progress and Black Mirror has none.  The fetch quests are just mundane tasks with no apparent relation to the mystery other than that they are things the other residents of the house require for you to earn their aid.  It all follows logically; none of it is confusing.  But why is it a 12-step fetch quest when a 3-step quest would have been more than sufficient?  It's just filler!You learn something interesting about one NPC but he is in mourning and won't talk to you until the next day, which is apparently a scripted time jump.  You find your camera, and then film for your camera, and then you take an important picture (the one thing in my four hours that felt like progress), but you can only develop the film in town and that script hasn't triggered yet either.  You finally gain access to and earn the trust of the NPC with the key and she confides in you that she destroyed it.  The only reward for progressing in Black Mirror is more stalling.I'm almost gleeful to to review an adventure game that is terrible for reasons other than its puzzle design, because that is so rare.  But the story of Black Mirror and its pacing still earn a thumbs down from me.  The fact that the whole thing is narrated by a breathy British emo kid zonked out on quaaludes is just the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,292930,25393166,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Energonchi,"Black mirror on the pc is a videogame featuring sound appealing dialogue!Nice friction that may cause blisters!Snug fitting art landscapes!Mesh vents,arch breathability anatomical fitsthat make the game alive in pursue measures!No slippage areas of default deadlines!Running brew excitement to some!Sweat wicking woven driven storyline that drops a distance or twofrom getting boring and stale repeptive!Spray on solution inhibit bacteria of scary moments and chill spiy moments!Growlth upon the designed world filled with butlers,store keepers,and psycho killers!Can Samuel  save the metal tech day by finding out the murderous death scenario lets find out cardio activity babies!I give this game a surge score 8.7/10 a mustery novel with a black shadow past love the burrito master"
,Not Recommended,292930,20538534,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Snake,"Very poor direction in game objectives and story progression that leads to some very unintuitive actions and sequences, ultimately stopping this from attaining cult classic status. I consider forced developer logic stopping your progress, even though you know what you need to do, as well as unexplainable interactions the worst offenders in an adventure game, which means this gets the thumbs down."
76561198021543835,Not Recommended,292930,22808637,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Geekman,"Firstly, I have to admit, this is not entirely a bad game at all. In fact, I enjoyed it for all it's worth.However there is a major flaw in this game that make me unable to recommend it to anyone I know. The dreaded 'Waiting time'. Many times, the game requires you to wait a certain period of time before it will allow you to continue on with the game. During these waiting time, usually there will be nothing really worthy for you to do, other than waiting. Just Simply. Waiting. There is no indication of when the waiting is over. Although there are mentioning of time in the game, there is actually no way to track time (actually the game has no time-counting mechanism, other than these timed counter driven events).So all you can do is walking around mindlessly, having nothig to do at all. To make things worse, you cannot just alt-tab away to do something to pass time - the game will pause when you alt-tab away. So you have to be really enjoying the pure.simple.waiting.My nerves finally snapped during the longest wait in the game - waiting for Father Faderick to check records on Lothar Gordon. Some faq says it's about 10 minutes waiting.10.Effing.Minutes.of.Pure.Nothing.To.Do.Waiting!Sorry, although this is an interesting game, I really can't recommend it to anyone. Not even my enemies.(note: Steam is not responding when I post my review, so pardon me if this review appeared multiple times)Edit: Hmm, definitely more than 10 minutes. After posting the review, I just leave the game running and go fixed myself some snacks, ate it, watched my neighbor's dog chasing the kids from across the stree, take a leak, used my phone to make a few posts in some forums... and when I get back to the game, the wait is still not over. Either i't more than 10 minutes wait, or stnading in the church waiting is not counted as time passed. So i have to move from points to points around the game map for no reason for over 10 minutes?"
76561197989560466,Not Recommended,292930,13061757,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,dosifei,"I really love old school point-and-click adventure games, such as made by LucasArts, and this one looked promising. But, alas, it's just not a very good game.First off, in order to get the game to work properly in Windows 8, I couldn't run it through the Steam client, but instead had to run in adminstrator mode to make it compatible. Otherwise, the game screen doesn't fit on my display. This is why Steam shows my only playing .1 hours, but I've played for at least 8, having completed through Chapter 3.While the score and environments are pretty and evocative, everything else about the game ranges from average to terrible. It really is a series of back-and-forth fetch quests that will have you constantly retracing your steps, scouring screens for objects to click, clicking multiple times to get the use out of something and having to endure badly-voiced conversations that do little to enhance to game. Many of the puzzle solutions are either ridiculously obvious, rendering them pointless, or insanely obscure, rendering them unfun. Most frustrating are the times where you have to wait for another game character to do something for you, in which case you have to repeatedly exit and return to their environment until they have what you want. I don't understand how any game designer could think that was anything but utterly aggravating for a game player. The game is agonizing linear, which means in many cases you have to figure out the right sequence of clicking objects to trigger conversations with characters who will give you clues that allow you to go back and click on more objects. WEEE!Oh, and there are points where you can die, and if you haven't saved recently (there's no auto-save feature), you will lose a lot of progress. But that's not unforgivable--what IS unforgivable is that it is entirely possible to permanently ruin your game if you save after expending a resource of which you will need one when you exit an area.In summary: well-produced, but horribly-designed."
,Not Recommended,292930,28623220,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,banishbane,Awkward conversation simulator (6/10)Only play if you don't mind . . . really . . . long . . . pauses . . . .
,Not Recommended,292930,29532310,Posted: 27 January,all,T.K.S.,"I didn't expect this game to be very good, but thought it could be a quirky little horror mansion game that I alone might like.  I was so wrong. This is a very boring puzzle game with a boring story. Nothing about the game makes you want to continue going for any reason, especially the protagonist. He is a geeky pissant who is easily irked and an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥to everyone he talks to, and not in a funny way. It's no wonder no one in the game wants to help you. You play the part of an emotional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who comes home to find his uncle has disappeared or something. I'm not even sure.I thought that some of the atmosphere or mood might also rouse me from time to time if I'm struck by a strange tick. Even that was a mistake on my part. I can't get over how bad the protagonist is."
76561198281253410,Not Recommended,292930,30741420,Posted: 25 March,all,Skratch,"I streamed this game and it took us forever to get through it. Probably the worst part of this game is the hours of inane dialogue you have to sit through as you talk to each of the NPC's to get info that allows you to progress. The FMV's are low quality, recycled often, and the plot moves at the speed of a stoned snail. The ending was absolutely NOT worth the time and effort. The only entertaining thing about this game was reading my stream chat and laughing at my viewers as they verbally tore this game to shreds MST3K style. Yank this lump out of the litterbox and dispose of properly."
,Not Recommended,292930,25964434,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,gunsage,"I'm probably going to say a lot of what you've already read, so I'll make it brief.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5xJuKu1q2c&index=9&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JKThis game is dull and slow in general.  The voice acting is terrible, the writing isn't very good, and I find it hard to play because of how utterly boring it is.  I don't know, MAYBE it picks up, but I gave it about an hour and wasn't impressed.  This gives me less than high hopes for the rest of the series."
,Not Recommended,292930,21596326,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Shade Jackrabbit,Couldn't shoot a padlock properly and then got eaten by a wolf. Yay.
,Not Recommended,292930,15045332,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sir Derrick the Panty Sniffer,"Eddie Izzard once made a joke about softheaded, inbred royals. Your character, a British aristocrat named Samuel, is the living embodiment of that joke. I don’t know if it’s the script or the voice acting that we have to thank for this travesty, but I *do* know this game was probably not supposed to be this funny. Oh, don’t worry – you’ll get to examine every excruciating second of this in detail as you relive these scenes over and over again, courtesy of the game’s lack of autosave and multitude of game-stopping bugs. I suppose the best thing I can say is that at least you’ll have had no investment in the characters or the plot when this happens. At least the writers were looking out for us.Overall rating: 3/10, I almost curb-stomped a priest."
,Not Recommended,292930,12734067,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sgtd_,"Loud audio glitches followed by hard-crash of the app. Liked the content, can't play the game.:(Running Windows 7 patched to current."
76561198089351474,Not Recommended,292930,29040124,Posted: 5 January,all,Purchase,Very slow game.
76561198042812607,Not Recommended,292930,17977864,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dark J,"No audio problems, but here's a new one.... I suddenly couldn't click anything, no inventory or menu at the top, closing this game, not opening it again, see ya! Thanks for a story inspiration though, will come back and think of more ideas..."
76561198043710649,Not Recommended,292930,16262133,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,captaindynaball,"Played this game and got to the point you're supposed to meet someone at the gate. Event never triggered. Thought I'd done something wrong so I revisited every room, clicked on everything I could think of, talked to everyone I could and still nothing. Thought it might be a glitch and removed/reinstalled. Wasted 2 more hours of my life to get to the same point and still nothing. Terrible game, slow pace and broken event before anything happens. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198070691672,Not Recommended,292930,11283917,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,jeremyj621,"This would be a good game if it didn't keep crashing. Apparently, Steam uses an older version of the game with several crash issues, namely during ingame dialog - the dialog will cut out and screeching static will play. Then, the game will either continue playing or (more likely) crash. No fixes can be found."
,Not Recommended,292930,13881598,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Squirrel,"Quite excited for this game, but sadly it doesn't work whatsoever. I have more than the requirements needed, but it constantly crashes and minimized itself. I had to restart my computer because it wouldn't allow me to use task manager to close it.Sadly, this game is not stable like the Black Mirror II and Black Mirror III. I'll have to skip this game because it is unplayable. For what it is worth, I suggest you save your money."
,Not Recommended,292930,16230933,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,eevil.auntie,"Had to stop playing because the game is so unbearably bad and cheesy - and not the GOOD kind of bad and cheesy, if you know what I mean. I don't mind oldschool graphics or even puzzle sequences that have you running around for ages because you can't pick up things except in a certain order... but I draw the line at main characters who look like 80's action movie rejects and still somehow have the voice, attitude and societal views of a squeamish Victorian gentleman.Go ahead, buy this game in a sale if you like, but be prepared for an experience that has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Except for the fact that it's mildly funny how much that one ancestral portrait looks like the evil painting dude in Ghostbusters 2."
76561198130228326,Not Recommended,292930,32212186,Posted: 5 June,all,qqtpie1,"Boring, too much talking and not enough puzzles."
,Not Recommended,292930,10813996,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BENIS :DDDDDDD,"One hour into the game and I get terrible sound problems. Sometimes when speaking to a character suddenly an ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥loud static noise appears, and even though I can get past those with clicking on the mouse, I cannot get past one point where it crashes constantly."
,Not Recommended,292930,13940916,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cho Chang,"Well I actually hope the sequels are better because this may have been really cool playing, point and click, but I couldn't find the menu or pause/save."
76561198050353818,Not Recommended,292930,10518083,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,cutloss,"Same,crashes on me also. Waste of $8 and time."
76561197971428586,Not Recommended,292930,10515640,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,crayzman,Same thing as the first time I played this game many years ago. Keeps on crashing. Total waste of money...
,Not Recommended,292930,10646737,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Evielynn,Buggy.  Has a sound glitch when the game crashes.  Unable to get to the menu using any key strokes.
76561198008261706,Recommended,292930,11092474,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,bigseester1@att.net,I get a error ........ any one know how to fix it ....... on black mirror
,Recommended,292930,19215926,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Felice Florence,"""Black Mirror"" has interesting story line (it isn't the most original story in this genre, you know, but it's okay, still quite interesting). Special thanks to the Atmosphere - game a little bit more, than fully, filled by it. The only thing what is  more in this game - dialogues, sooo they could be written better, actually, lots of useless identical dialogues makes game's process some tedious already to the middle. However, you still playing, just to end the storyline. In general,  it's good, some intriguing, dark-atmospheric time-killer.+ story+ atmosphere- monotonous  game process"
,Recommended,292930,19250746,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Eugenie K.,"игра неплохая, но есть неприятные моменты - можно в течении игры попасться на какую нибудь уловку-ловушку, из-за которой можно погибнуть и ирга закончится раньше и восстановить игру можно только загрузив сохрание. Мой совет - сохраняйтесь почаще чтобы по 100 раз не перепрохадить игру. А так в целом игра замечательная."
76561197989918696,Recommended,292930,19039376,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SillyNelly,"12 hours into this game and I'm pleasantly surprised at how much it still has to offer.  Fans of point-n-click adventure games will likely enjoy this game.  The game is 12 years old so the graphics are dated and it suffers from some classic point-click problems from the days of yore (ie. tricky finding hotspots, alot of back and forth between locations etc) but the story is compelling.  I do not like the protagonist Samuel but at least the character is strong enough that the game will coax you into having an opinion about him.  The old school style of this game will keep you on your toes.  This is no modern, adventure game with pun filled dialogue.  It is dark and your character is not safe!  Make sure to save often or you'll find yourself frustrated when you die and have to redo some puzzles.  Overall, I would recommend this for fans of point-n-click and I'm looking forward to parts II and III.  For under $10 for the series I feel this is a hidden gem I had not expected."
76561198168862646,Recommended,292930,19423463,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,twoodjr,Quite fun I did nod off during the story time... but it quite relaxing and fun if you like castles.
,Recommended,292930,20183907,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ratych,"Recommend it.Of course, there are few frustrating things, like ""quests like walk for a while and come back later"" or ""what mouse button you should use now"" or ""****, I was killed and my last save was 3 hours ago"".But despite these points its a good-story thrilling quest with excellent environment."
,Recommended,292930,25340420,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,knightwolf,"Not terrible, not greatIf you like EXTEMELY SLOW adventure games with lots of pixel hunting this is for you.  It isn't terrible, but it isn't great, it's a good throwback to the old point-and clicks which I liked.The puzzles started to get ridiculously dumb around Chapter 4 - and felt like most were just there as filler.  Fix the garden shears to clear the dried shrubs? GIVE ME A BREAK.  SOmetimes the pixel hunting was just horrible - I spent hours searching each screen only to eventually discover the right object by pure dumb luck. OFten by just whipping my mouse back and forth over the entire area of the screen.I have to give it points for nostalgia because I love the old school point and click games, but gameplay and puzzles got annoying.  At least you can double-click to quick-travel, that was nice.  YOU WILL USE IT A LOT.Gameplay 5/10Story 6/10Puzzles 4/10Voice acting 5/10NPC Animation 0/10Overall 5/10Decent, but nothing incredible.I'm really hoping Black Mirror II and III are better because I bought them as a package."
76561198045080783,Recommended,292930,22183012,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,L0stLP,"On its own: a great murder mystery. As part of a series: a bunch of questionable decisions that could have easily been avoided with ONE PROPER, HONEST conversation, but NO, let me dig my own grave here, as it the only sensible thing to do.It feels a bit slow, from the dialogues to the fact that you can't run. Pixel hunting for key items and the objective not being clear sometimes. But aside from that a great game,"
76561197990931812,Recommended,292930,25291006,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Verkantill,5/5Beautiful piece of art!
,Recommended,292930,24812723,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,vandermunnik,"Quirky dialogs at times, and if you can see past the odd voice acting  this game is actually pretty good.I wasn't sure at first but once I got drawn into the story line I really wanted to know what happened next. I would't classify this game as horror though, it's more a mystery housing some demonic elements. It was able to keep my attention all the way until the end albeit some frustrating parts in the game.Keep in mind this is an older game so don't expect stunning HD graphics. Overall I thought this game was very good!"
76561198010890055,Recommended,292930,23438091,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Zimmer,"If someone says that Point & Click adventure is dead. Please send this game as a gift to him/her.No graphic, but story rich adventure with hard puzzles is like reading a novel.If you like Point & Click adventure games,  just buy it."
76561198062527751,Recommended,292930,25075281,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,jazzyroam,puzzle is damn hard with little or no hint at all. Dn't know what to do next most of the time. Recommend for the intrigued story.
,Recommended,292930,27001454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eaxis,A good thrilling adventure game.
76561197994971393,Recommended,292930,26739652,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Occupant,"This is a solid P&C adventure game. It definitely has some rough edges, but the good bits more than make up for it.The rough edges mainly involve miscalculations (in my opinion) by the designers about what makes a P&C game fun. There are some truly annoying pixel-hunting parts of the game where you are supposed to find incredibly tiny hot-spots to click on, without any clue or evidence on what you're even looking for (I'm looking at you, statue outside of the gate in Chapter 3). There is also a few parts where the game degenerates into ""try every combination"" territory, where you don't really have a solid puzzle-solving reason to do something, it's just on the list of things you haven't tried yet.But, honestly, these are common mistakes for early P&C adventures, so for a game like this to be not worth the time, it has to have something else going wrong. And the rest of this game really does well. It has solid puzzles, great ambient sound, and a very interesting murder-mystery-in-castle-full-of-intrigue plot. The only thing in the production values that didn't impress me was the voice acting. It was a little stilted, especially for the protagonist. But it wasn't too distracting from the interesting setting."
,Recommended,292930,30226030,Posted: 27 February,all,A-Nukem,"The Black Mirror is a nice, atmospheric game with great interface (except perhaps for the lack of good keyboard support). The cheesy voice acting does not hamper the hauting atmosphere and constant feeling of ""something is terribly wrong here"" that you'd get from your standard psychological horror novel.Recommended!"
76561198057114572,Recommended,292930,31235407,Posted: 19 April,all,Barkezy,Amazing dark atmosphere. Cold British countryside manor. Excellent story full of surprises. And last but not least RIGHT MOUSE BUTTON DID THE TRICK WITH GAMEPLAY LENGTH!!!
76561198019787432,Recommended,292930,28341319,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,senpengeu,"A cute game with a vivid sound and dialogue and most of the times I enjoy it. But sometimes it is a bit stupid as you may overlook some important items if your cursor of the mouse happens to miss the exact point. Also there are times you should ""wait"" -- I mean, really wait for the time to pass --- that is a very stupid design. Some actions are rather unusual that I need to ask for a walkthrough for help."
76561198048175854,Recommended,292930,24064072,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,celestialend,get passed the semi poor voice acting and you got a solid point and click. good story and atmosphere. 6 hours in and really enjoying it
,Recommended,292930,30816128,Posted: 29 March,all,mquc,"One of those 'Old but gold' games. Really good atmoshpere, the graphics are not as bad once you get used and the story is really cool. If you are into this type of games and you don't mind playing it old school it's a really good game."
