user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197973589694,Not Recommended,293160,18082422,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MightyFox,"First of all, let me say I do not hate this game. I was torn between giving this game a positive or negative, and given the slew of positive reviews I decided to be one of the negatives. (This is what happens when steam doesn't give players a neutral choice)AntharioN is party based dungeon crawler very similar to games such as Avernum or Dragon Age Origins. Sadly it dosn't live up to either of them, especially given the full price of $18. Given its an indie game, I'm willing to make concessions, but the room for improvement is enormous and the game comes off feeling unfinished with the many things the game does right bogged down by the many things it does wrong. Let me just list them off to keep it simple.PROS (Or the things I never have to explain as to why they are good)- A fully customizeable starting group with plenty of race and class options- A (fairly small) open world that can be almost entirely explored after leaving the first dungeon without leveling up, if you really want to.- Enjoyable music- Complete freedom in allocating skill points and specializing characters upon level up, or through trainers, regardless of class- Excellent well detailed sprites for characters, monsters, NPC's, and practically everything else.- What you see is what you get equipment, if your character is wearing it, it appears on thier sprite.- Plenty of hidden areas and secrets that can be found by exploringPASSES- Though the sprites look good, there is no variety between buildings and city scapes. Other than the texture job on the walls, each building looks like the next and each town looks like every other town. You wouldn't even know you were in the land's capital city if the game didn't come out and tell you. As its not important to the gameplay, its not a con, but could certainly be improved.- Unoriginal maze-like dungeons with no variety in terms of layout. Different environmental textures and musical themes saves it from being a con, but just barely.- Limited item variety in terms of gear. This plays into some things I will discuss in a moment, but the limits on the amount of gear itself is not a con due to the games general length.- Lack of story: This one is barely a pass, as I generally value story in RPG's and this game is not only lacking, but is full of heavily overused tropes such as starting as a group of prisoners. I decided not to con it as the game has (just) enough lore to keep my interest, and what there is of the story dosn't get in the way of exploration and dungeon crawling.CONS (hold onto your buts, there are some doosies)- Armor is practically meaningless : Perhaps the biggest turn off of the game for me due to the fact I like playing tanks. The armor amount on items might as well be randomly generated given the farmer's shirt I found as a ""gimme"" item in the first dungeon had just as much armor as an enchanted chainmail shirt. The plate armor I bought from a travelling merchant was quickly outclassed by a leather ciurass by a whole 90%. The only real armor in this game is your constitution stat and HP, so if you want a tanky character make sure to dump points into it. Even with a high armor shield, a chainmail shirt, a decent helm, and leather leggings, my tank was still taking as much damage per hit as my mage.-Utility skills are not balanced: Lockpicking is required for every party, unless you want to pass up roughly 75% of the loot in the entire game. Bartering can become incredibly broken with how cheap it will quickly make everything, especially trainers. Persuasion is generally not worth the points. Lore is incredibly powerful as it unlocks treasure rooms. Alchemy and foraging have some use, but given the need for lockpicking and/or Lore you may not have the points to spare.-RNG hates everyone: The RNG is so bad in this game you will swear the success rates above the actions are lieing. I really don't know how else to describe this problem, but when a character with a hit% of 85 misses 3 times in succession, 2 battles in a row, something is definitely wrong, and don't get me started on the amount of lockpicks I burned through to open a chest with a 64% success chance.-Magic is unreliable: Due to the games terrible RNG, spells in general just arn't worth taking. Healing spells will frequently fizzle when you really need them to work (especially with the broken armor system) and damage spells are often too limited, or too weak, for the frustration. Control spells remain worthwhile however, so a single mage can still work for most parties, but you're better off with a few fighters, a ranger, and an alchemist, as potions only cost 1 action point instead of a whole turn, and never fail.As I said before, AntharioN is a promising game bogged down by some poor choices in mechanics and an unbalanced skill sheet. Everything needed for a great game is there, lieing just beneath the surface, teasing at ones desire for the next great adventure. It just never really surfaces. If the problems are ever fixed (and if a decent story is ever added) AntharioN and Orphic software could well give Spiderweb and it's Avernum franchise some much needed competition. As it stands however, AntharioN is a mediocre entry into an underserved field. Perhaps that's enough to warrent a purchase, it was for me, just don't go in expecting the next greatest series in four man dungeon crawling."
76561197967070224,Recommended,293160,17232779,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Darkstar,"I finally picked this game up after reading some rather negative, and in hindsight, truly terrible reviews. Many reviewers claimed that there were no quest markers, which is simply not true. Perhaps they could not find the M key on their keyboards because once you press it you get....wait for it.... Quest markers! One review claimed that you had to choose all warriors at start if you hope to survive; I have chosen a ranger, fighter, black-mage, and custom druid, and I have happily found that the classes are so balanced that no character has a clear advantage, each becoming my favorite at different points in my adventure.  And Finally one reviewer claimed absolute critical powers by claiming after only a few hours of play that the game was worth exactly 11.99$ less than the asking price. In line with this way of thinking I hereby proclaim that I find this game to be a detailed, lengthy, charismatic adventure Worth exactly 74 Dollars and 12 cents more than that reviewers opinion, or after arbitrary calculation, 25 bucks... or whatever it's worth to the preferences of the user...or maybe... 23?...3?...2000?I guess i'm just frustrated because I have loved playing this game. It is my kind of rpg full of exploration and i can heartily say to anyone that enjoys classic turn based RPGs, give it a shot, you will most likely love it."
,Not Recommended,293160,31926477,Posted: 23 May,all,blizzardmetal,"I was willing to overlook the absolutely generic game play of this indie game. What I can't overlook, however, is being 11+ hours in and having my saves corrupted for no apparent reason. I see this has happened to other users as well. I can't imagine I've just been lucky all these years and it's never happened before playing any other PC games, until AntharioN. I was willing to trudge through the mundane gameplay to the very end. But this? No way. I have two save files, both junk, both completely ""blacked out"" as other reviewers have mentioned. No chance of a refund now either for this ""broken"" game. It's becoming increasingly more difficult to support small indie teams with the dumpster fire that is Steam Greenlight, early-access promises that are never fulfilled, and abandoned games like this. Frustrating to say the least."
76561198010045156,Not Recommended,293160,23241734,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Raggidyandy,"Sigh.  I went in really wanting an old school isometric RPG.The artstyle isn't my favorite, minimal animations and awkward characters all looking directly at the camera, but I dont think it really hurt the game that much.Music is very ambient. Nothing toe tapping. Which isn't bad, but I found myself turning the music off to listen to Spotify more often then not.The minimap doesn't expand, so your map at any given time is super small.  I found myself getting lost over and over again.  This wasn't helped by the absurd dungeon design.  Random hallways branching off into more random hallways.  It sort of made sense in a sewer, but all these dungeons and tombs feel like they were all engineered by mad men purposfully making them into unnavigatable mazes.  If these areas were at all intuative, I don't think I would have really minded no map. Getting lost in a game can be fun.  Getting actually lost, isn't so much.So a lot of people are complaining a ton about the difficulty.  I really didn't mind  it all that much, its somewhat challenging and yes, your white mage spells can fizzle leading to your tank's death, but death isn't permanent, so as long as you can squeek through a fight everybody whos unconscious comes back to life.  There is also a lot of complaining about no respawning monsters leading to a lack of xp or food, which I again didn't really find a problem with.  There's plenty to do in the game if you look for it, and as long as you save scum your lock picking you'll be awarded with enough XP to power up enough to face whatever they throw at you.So its not the difficutly that bothered me.  And everything prior is really small beans compared to the lack fo depth I experienced in this game.   I felt like I've been repeating the first 2 hours of gameplay over and over.  Your melee and archer units will never develop any attack skills, so their whole role is just to swing away.  Forever.  Your tanks can't effectively tank, since enemies can just walk around you at any given point.  You can't really flank the enemies either.  If you have two melee, you can make a two person wall and hope that they keep swinging at you.  And thats about all the tactics you can really use, despite maybe knowing when to retreat.Which leaves mages.  I found my casters were either out of mana, or spells were fizzling left and right.  Perhaps this changes late game, but it seemed like the more MP I got, the longer rests I would need to take to fill my meter back up.  Perhaps mages gain flashier spells later on, but in my game I was only able to afford a few spell books, and none were really show stoppers.Which leaves us to story.  I thought they were joking when I walked up to the innkeeper and she said to kill the rats in her basement.  Its a western RPG rite of passage.  But then somebody asked me to give them 10 crab meats.  Then 5 seagull furs.   Which brings me back to lack of depth.  I was never gripped or engaged by a quest or any dialogue. I'm back in vanilla World of Warcraft grinding boars. Again, perhaps this changes late game, but I'd yet to find anything original or gripping.So thats what I had to say.  The combat became repetative real fast, and I was never gripped into continuing to play.  Sigh... back to looking for a new iso rpg..."
76561198002124849,Recommended,293160,29913272,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"If you've played Spiderweb Software's Avernum / Exile series, you know what you're getting into here. Standard create-a-four-person party turn-based RPG with a big open world and tons of baddies to kill.Pros:+Solid graphics with a somewhat unique/cute art style+Good interface design+Fun, good-paced, intuitive combat+Minimap, questing, dialogue and crafting features are fleshed out and functionalCons:-Slightly immature writing style, plot isn't anything to write home about-Feels slightly derivitiveEssentially, if you enjoy Spiderweb's party games, you'll dig Antharion, but not for the plot or writing, for the gameplay. Big recommend."
76561198049313249,Not Recommended,293160,19353944,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,nerevarine,"OH, HELL NO.Until they improve this game, it cannot be recommended.The game isn't just ""tough"", it's straight-up brutal and masochistic in its ""difficulty"".There are many things to love about this game: smooth graphics/good retro-look, interactivity, the setting, UI/interface works well, different ways/strategies to do things, kill whatever NPCS you want, the blood/gore, great music.Let me put it this way, when I run into games where I die like 10 times within 10 minutes, I say the heck with it, and quit/refund/done/finished/never-existed.I think I can put up with punishing games a bit more than some people, especially older, retro-type games. I WANT TO LOVE THIS GAME. There is a lot of love.But the difficulty, is really tacked on poorly, disturbingly unbalanced in all the most critical areas.Sucks that everything else is so lovely, but overshadowed by this.Many say ""RNG"". That means Random Number Generator.""RNG"" is an annoying acronym, so that is why I explained what it is.Why is this mentioned?The game stats/skills/abilities, well, they don't amount to much.The game feels like it boils down to a ""random number generator"" system.I'm used to that, a lot of old RPGS were like that. I used to play the old Pen/Pencil/Paper RPGs back in the day with all the dice. So if you play games like that, you can know what to expect. I can make do with that, no problem. I'm a veteran.Taking that into account, the game claims you have 75% to succeed at THIS, or 85% chance to succeed at THAT.But after like 5 tries, you fail. That comes out to 0%. Or if after 3 tries, 1 time succeeds, that's 33.33333333333...(etc)%.While you can say,""OK, maybe I will just luck-it-out.""You can't.Your party is limited to 4 people.Most fights are 4-5 enemies, always stronger than you by about 5-15 hitpoints, and doing about 2X the damage you can do.What does it mean, when my party encounters a flock of seagulls that are so strong, they utterly demolish my party into piles of red paste (literally, when your characters die, they go ""ahhh!"" and explode).What could I possibly be doing wrong?Archers...SHOOT ARROWS.Warriors...HIT THINGS WITH SHARP OBJECTS.Wizards...SHOOT MAGIC THAT MAKE BAD THINGS HURT.Wizard that Heals...SHOOT MAGIC THAT MAKE GOOD THINGS FEEL GOODER.BUT....this is how it plays out in ""AntharioN"" (***and this is in the starting zone***):THE PLAN:OK, start shooting, when they get close, let melee womp them.Average party of 4, with average HP around 30HP, random of 2-20 DMG per hit regardless of attack type.ENEMIES: 5 SEAGULLS.They have 29-40HP, mostly the latter, average 9-11 DMG per hit, Seagull #5 is ""Diseased Seagull"" and has 40 HP and can do damage-over-time poison DMG in addition to regular DMG.ENEMY approaches. Shoot range attacks. Concentrate on ""Diseased Seagull"", Seagull #5.Warrior uses bow...7 DMG.Archer uses Bow...MISSES!Wizard #1 shoots magic bolt...8 DMG.Wizard #2 casts spell...FIZZLES!SEAGULLS' TURN:Seagull #1 does 15 DMG to Warrior.Seagull #2 does 8 DMG to Warrior.(One more hit, he's dead.)Seagull #3 does 12DMG to Wizard #1.Seagull #4 does 9DMG to Wizard #1.Seagull #5, with 25 HP left, cuz we focused on that one, and half of our range-shots missed or didn't do enough damage, 9 DMG to Warrior with poison.-Warrior is dead.-PARTY'S TURN:Archer shoots at Seagull #5...does 17DMG.Wizard #1 shoots bolt at Seagull #5...does 9DMG.-Seagull #5 is dead.-Wizard #2 casts heal on Wizard #1...FIZZLES!SEAGULLS' TURN:Seagull #1 hits Archer for 11 DMG.Seagull #2 hits Archer for 7DMG.Seagull #3 hits Archer for 15DMG.-Archer is dead.-Seagull #4 hits Wizard #1 for 24DMG.-Wizard is dead.-PARTY'S (hahahah, ""party"" ) TURN:Wizard #2, no one left to heal, uses his staff, which only does max of 2DMG (**not joking either**), attacks Seagull #1...does 2DMG.SEAGULLS' TURN:Seagull #1 attacks Wizard #2...MISSES!Seagull #2 hits Wizard #2 for 10DMG.Seagull #3 hits Wizard #2 for 5 DMG.Seagull #4 hits Wizard #2 for 9 DMG.PARTY'S TURN:Wizard #2 yells, ""I REGRET NOTHING!"", attacks Seagull #1...MISSES!SEAGULLS' TURN:Seagull #1 hits Wizard #2 for 20DMG.-Wizard #2 is dead.-A picture of a bleak scene, words appear, that your adventuring days are over.DUMPS YOU to Main Title screen.-DID I MENTION, THIS WAS THE STARTING ZONE?-Reload.TRY AGAIN?And AGAIN?And AGAIN?I don't mind roughing in some RPGs, but this is just atrocious.It's like playing an MMO, where the ""rats"" and ""critters"" in the starting zone for Level 1s, are more like Level 5s, and outnumber you seemingly 75% of the time.----You're just not going anywhere.----CONCLUSION:What a horrible design choice. Makes you worry if maybe the game is so bare and actually small, they did this to ""slow the game down"" and hide that fact. I've heard people say the world really is big, too bad you have to get butt-hurted repeatedly, just to claw and scrape for every inch.But failing.Even at that.Repeatedly.It truly is masochism.Like playing a paper/pencil RPG with a Dungeon Master who keeps using their own (""loaded"") dice to roll for the monsters.""DWARF NEEDS FOOD, BADLY"":Money is an issue for the game, everything costs way more than you ever bring in killing mobs, lootings, or doing quests.An apple costs 15g.You probably get 15-25g after selling all the junk that drops.Why is this important?Because in this game, you can't rest without food.Like in other RPGS, you can ""rest"" to regenerate your HP/MP.But in this game, each hour you spend costs food, and it's all done per hour.After a fight you might survive, any dead party members are auto-resurrected, with minimal HP/MP.SOLUTION?Go into town, buy more food.Every piece of food costs 15g, for my party (and I put Skill points into this).I have...37g so far.Okay, I can buy 2 apples. 2 bloody apples. So now I have 4.Use 2 to rest up to full strength.Go back out, uh-oh, attacked again by a party of overpowered crabs.-DEAD. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. QUIT THE GAME.--RETURN. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. WIN!-No money dropped, only 2 crab-meats, and a lizard's tail (WTF?).Need meats for a quest.Rest, using up 2 apples. 0 left.Sell Lizard's tail for 5g. I have 12g now.At least I got like 15-25XP, only 175XP still to go before we can level up.**cries**Go back out (what else is there to do? Stand around and stare at the screen?).Looking for loot.Avoiding engagements.FAIL.Attacked by party of 4 Orcs with 49HP and doing like 15-18DMG per hit.-Party is dead.--RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. LEAVE.-Attacked by mixed group of Seagulls and Crabs.-RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. DEAD. RELOAD. WIN!-No food drops, nothing dropped to sell.Nothing.-Minimum HP, minimum MP, no hope, no solution, except to quit or...RELOAD.--And then...at times, you have those moments...when you realized that you...FORGOT TO SAVE!-THE FINAL THING TO ADD:(no, not ""Dead.Reload.Dead..."")Those who play the game prior to some patches, might say the game is great, and they have THOUSANDS OF GOLD, and thinking they are HOT STUFF players with this game.THEIR SECRET???The game's Barter SKILL was so poorly done, you could put in points to where you buy items from a store, and sell it back to the vendor for MORE than what you paid! MAKING A PROFIT!So those ""players"" would do this repeatedly.Racking up thousands in gold in the starting areas.Then, go buy all the BEST GEAR and STUFF they could.Then making glowing reviews about how great the game is.The developers updated/nerfed this completely.SO...NOT SO HOT ABOUT AntharioN now, EH GUYS?""Go RELOAD!"""
76561198056763239,Not Recommended,293160,20265691,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jeff,"Antharion is an open world RPG by indie developer, Orphic Software. It took me about 44 hours to beat the game. I explored just about as much as I could. I may have missed a few islands that aren’t on the in-game map.It starts by requiring you to create a party of four which you will use throughout the game. There are 8 classes to choose from plus the custom class option. You can also select gender and race. Each race has different levels of attributes. Male characters have more strength. Female characters have more wisdom.Class customization is very open in this game. You have complete control over how you allocate your attribute and skill points. If you want to create a warrior with lots of intellect and wisdom, this game will allow it. My party was a warrior who specialized in 2-handed weapons, a sage who specialized in alchemy and lore, a gray wizard, and a thief who specialized in lock-picking and archery.All of your characters share experience. No character will be a higher level than any of the other characters in your party. Experience is gained by killing monsters, completing quests, and successfully using certain skills such as alchemy or lock-picking. When your party levels up, each character will gain five attribute points and five skill points that you can choose where to spend. The number of points you gain per level decreases when you get to higher levels.Combat in Antharion is turn-based. Every character on one side goes and then the other side goes. The side that starts appears to be random. Your characters will always go in the same order.The difficulty settings in the game have the most influence as to how difficult combat is. The game features three difficulty settings: easy, normal, and hard. The easier the difficulty setting is, the more likely your attacks will hit enemies and enemy attacks will miss your characters.Antharion is an open-world game. While I’m not a big fan of that genre, it does this well. Most of the overworld map and many of the dungeons are there just for you to explore, fight monsters, and find treasure. Your characters will need to eat in order to replenish health or to use one of the fast travel features. There is also a lot of character customization in terms of stats and skills.You’ll have to do quite a bit of exploring just to level and gear up to complete the storyline. The storyline plays a very small part in the game but does feature a “choose your own ending.”What I don’t like is combat. The combat system, especially at higher difficulty settings, is quite dependent on RNG regardless of how well you min and max. You can have the correct strategy and still lose often to things like a crowd control spell missing its target or the enemies being allowed to go first.I’m also concerned about the lack of a separate inventory for quest items. You have to be careful about what you sell because you can sell quest items. If you do, you could lose that item permanently and not be able to complete the game.Overall, this game is kind of “meh.” It’s not bad. If you like open-world games, maybe you’ll like this game. I don’t feel there is anything else that is well done about this game to recommend buying it."
,Recommended,293160,18779151,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,roshan,"Antharion is quite a charming little game.- The gameplay feels a lot like Lords of Xulima. Focus on dungeon crawling and character building. The exploration mode also feels similar because your party is lumped together in a group. Combat is simplistic but through spells and such, variety and interesting challenges are created. Combat, overall, is quite satisfying due to good encounter design, here you fight spellcasters and such that are actually quite threatening due to the use of spells and disablers. I also like how small things you do can affect your victory in battles, and the power curve of your characters is also deeply satisfying.- I like the fact that the game unabashedly doles out ""Collect 10 Crab Meats"" type of quests. There's almost too much self-seriousness and ""progressiveness"" in newer RPGs and having this sort of playful throwback to older times is great. I also really liked battling The Butcher, I love throwbacks like this to older games. A game that respects it's roots and it's forerunners is itself worthy of respect. Overall though, there is barely any plot or story, and what there is is very pulpy and light-hearted, but this is really not the sort of game you play for dialogue and character interaction.- The skill system is excellent. Almost everything feels useful and rewarding, and having to balance the combat and noncombat skills across characters makes for very involving gameplay. The game itself does a really good job of balancing combat versus non-combat skills.- Itemization is great, and I love how the cool stuff I am finding actually shows up on my characters. Sometimes, less is more. Before trying the game, I assumed the simplistic graphics would be a dealbreaker but they're actually very charming.- Money has a lot of value, and specially early on in the game, resource management is quite critical. There's so much you are tempted to spend on but at the same time, you need to hoard for better things later on.- The game really knows how to create the feeling of ""exploration"". You wander into corridors only to come up to a dead end. Sometimes you find some treasure, sometimes a secret passage. You never know what to expect. Encounters are usually appropriately spaced out, whether in dungeons or overland.Overall, a very good, solid, old-school dungeon crawl."
,Recommended,293160,23179354,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Azghouls,"Old school role playing games (RPGs) are making a resurgence thanks to the many successful Kickstarter campaigns spearheaded with Wastelands 2 (inXile Entertainment) and Pillars of Eternity (Obsidian Entertainment). And what the term ‘old school’ mean is that, it’s mainly referring to the mid to late 90s with isometric viewpoint plus turned based combat. So with this revival, you have to be careful as there could be some duds along the way. Thankfully AntharioN from Orphic Software isn’t one of them. Yet the entire game doesn’t display anything new for which is a shame, it does provide an average experience at best.Since the game’s release, there were nine patches in total that mainly involves balancing the game. This certainly shows dedication on behalf of the developers to ensure the game plays well as intended instead of exploiting any bugs / features. For example: previously with the barter skill, you can sell higher than the buying amount if you got a decent amount in it (as it wasn’t too hard to do) hence the characters can always get the best gear pretty much during the onset of their adventures. This naturally has been nurfed now however it’s a bit odd considering the game advertises that barter is an awesome yet overlooked skill to have.As mentioned before, AntharioN doesn’t produce anything new to the ‘old school RPG’ genre. It is indeed a grand game filled with a decent array of main / side quests (yet the desert / tundra regions feels like an afterthought), its shortfalls is a fair amount to fathom. It’s not a bad game however it can do a lot more especially educating the player the game’s mechanics. This will be extremely useful to those who is new to this type of genre however it seems that it’s more tailored to the ‘old school’ fans than gaining a new crowd. If you are a fan of turned based with isometric viewpoint, it’s a fine game to play only if you have nothing else better to play. Newcomers best to look elsewhere before tackling this. But with a budget of $22k (with the asking price of $10k), it's passable.Full review:http://www.gamespot.com/antharion/user-reviews/2200-12693023/5.5 / 10"
76561198062237876,Recommended,293160,25716435,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MeniDanger,Great classic tactical turn-based RPG. Might be a bit hard for some in the beginning. I recommend to bring a healer.Perfect loot distribution and risk vs. reward.
76561197968732805,Recommended,293160,17078108,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Searro,"Good old game with easy mechanics.Turn based combats aren't easy, so dont rush in some stupid crabs cause they might as well kill you :)I like the fact that your equipement is displayed on your characters.Otherwise, the game is lacking some key features as key binding.Just read some review &/or youtube before deciding."
76561198030096639,Recommended,293160,17074097,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,:: Kaelci ::,"After surviving a plague of giant rats I told some guy to put some damned clothes on. And then! I got murdered by seagulls!!! xDBut seriously - The music is nice, gameplay is intuitive, the UI is easy to work with, I've smirked quite a bit at the dialogue, and I can see myself playing this for quite some time! :D Was also well chuffed to discover it has a day/night system and weather system. Not sure it's worth the $17.99, I was expecting this to be around $10 or under.. Buttttt.. Eh, so far I'm not regretting the cost. Definitely recommend it to people who like Reminiscent RPGs."
76561197975817071,Recommended,293160,25175742,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,stereoagnostic,"While I recommend and find myself coming back to this game, it is not without some reservations. I'm a big fan of turn based RPGs, so it scratches that itch. However, there are some things that irk me about it. The A.I. in combat is pretty bad. Enemies pretty much just rush at you and frequently get stuck on barriers or switch directions for no apparent reason. Fetch quests. Dear god so many fetch quests. ""Oh hi, I lost my [insert item]. Can you get it back for me?"" And that pretty much summarizes the plot too. There are some magical items, and you must fetch them to stop an evil power. If you can ease up your expectations where these things won't be a deal breaker, then you will probably manage to enjoy this game. Exploration, leveling up, and a good variety of cool weapons, armor, and other items keep things interesting as you progress."
76561198076039746,Recommended,293160,24420906,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cerberus,"I tried so very hard to like this game.  Put almost 5 hours into. It reminded me alot of an online version of D&D i found years ago, and really enjoyed.  This game is not balanced in anyway.  Gold is hard to come by.  You have to build the perfect party in the beginning, or you're kinda screwed.  There's definitely potential here, but it's not finished.EDIT: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I've had a change of heart.  I still stand by comments before about needing particular party construction.  The original party I started with, I can't recall the specifics, but it didn't workout.  I admit I reacted too soon.  This is a great little game and worth the $$.  Any classic RPG fans out there: do yourself a favor and pick this up. :)"
,Recommended,293160,17096013,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Gunthure,"Recently started into it, but already I am impressed!Finally, the game I have been yearning for.The graphics are stupendous! Not only are your equipped items shown (graphically) on your character, but so does the blood from battle. There's even a satisfying squishy sound when you step over the pooled blood from your enemies; nice touch!5 Stars ATM!"
76561197983601366,Recommended,293160,17586531,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,William Shakeshack,"Antharion is old-school, which is probably a buzzword you heard quite often with such small niche titles. But it really applies to this game. Anatharion is a party based rpg with a big emphasis on exploration and combat, you will kill and loot your way through various environments and dungeons.The graphics are obviously pretty basic, nevertheless the sprites and environments are crisp and look rather present. A nice change is actually that equipment is actually displayed on your characters which has a lot of charm. All things considered it fulfills it's job and is a throwback to older games. The blood effects are actually really nice. As for the music, it's some orchestral rpg type of stuff. Which is pretty okay but not particularly memorable, the sound effects are decent and there is actually no voice acting.Now the gameplay is probably that interests you the most, you initially create 4 characters for your party. There are a lot of races and skills to chose from, so there is a lot of room for experimentation and replay value. It's all fairly basic but is still quite good. Then you're off to explore the world in real time on a grid based map. As soon as you encounter an enemy, the game shifts into a turn based tactical combat where placement is key. Now this is all fairly basic, easy to learn but yet satisfying. Like I mentioned, exploration is the focus here. There is a large open world to explore with tons of optional content, it's actually what makes this game great. Tons of nook and crannies to explore and loot to find. The story itself is pretty weak and thin, don't expect some phenomenal plot with twists or good writing. It's only there to guide you through the world but nothing more.You probably know already by now if you like such type of games. As for the negative points, the game can be a bit repetitive and like I said the story is weak. Also the loot and balancing is a bit off and needs some tweaking, some characters builds are overpowered or weak. Combat can be a bit basic compared to other titles.Still it's a good game with tons of content, the price tag of 16,99 € is a bit to steep for my taste so I definitely recommend this game for people who really enjoy such games and know that they get a kick out of it."
76561198022506059,Recommended,293160,17094037,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Leostorm,"A ""classic"" RPG. I feel the spirit of diablo + zelda + final fantasy. I am really enjoying this game so far and what it has to offer. It follows the classic tropes of old rpgs, fight rats > collection quests > ext.It is a rather straight forward game in a sense it doesnt have a TON of complicated systems. But thats not a bad thing in my opinion. It doesnt have like a whole bunch of elemental bonuses or some materia system or magic burst set ups in combat. It instead favors raw stats and skills. Which for me takes some headache out of it and allows me to enjoy it a bit more casualy.Not to say its totaly shallow, there are a ton of skills and stats to buff up that allow you to progress in differnt ways. Like the Lore skill allows you to find secrets like hidden doors and read clues. You can also find good gear that you dont know what it is, Lore skill lets you inspect them so you can equip/sell them.Then threre is persuasion and quite a few others that give you different advantages and perks. The trick is whether or not to use your level up points towards combat or other skills.Combat is rather tough as well. From early on its clear things can kick your♥♥♥♥♥ Ive found taking things slow in appoarching enemies works well. Good party placment can mean alot so if you get the 1st move you have a good start.I ussualy get my tank to run out all ""hey guys look at me"" and the enemies ussualy focus on him. Which leaves my other guys to dmg them up and heal. So yea the combat system might not be that complicated but dont underestimate party placment. also food is life lol.Overall im enjoying the game alot.A few cons when it comes to the interface but i guess it adds to the hardcorness a bit. Like when you level up and allocate points, theres no fooling with them or backtracking before you commit them, once you hit that + button they are there to stay. The mini map/big map could be more useful but i suppose that adds to the challenge as well.Will come back and add more once i get further into the game and see how the story> mid game> end game play."
,Recommended,293160,17129642,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ro,"A quiet pleasant game!A party RPG that focuses on exploration and turn-based combat. Graphics are simple but well done, especially the environment. Music is good and varied. The character system is pretty minimal, but with great flexibility and all skills are needed, so some thought needs to be put into what you do at level up. Combat is a bit on the simplistic side.The exploration is good, but the world feels a bit on the empty side, unfortunately.The worst part is perhaps the controls. Some actions are only possible with mouse, and others are only possible with keyboard. Movement is only possible with keyboard outside combat and then not diagonally. Hopefully this can be rectified in a future patch.Overall, a simple, but competent and quiet pleasant game!"
76561197985727954,Recommended,293160,17238844,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Trap,"Pretty good game. I have enjoyed it very much, it can be a little addictive. Still some things I'd like to see improved but really fun. ; )"
76561198053648317,Recommended,293160,22954248,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FlingDragon,"Its a good game for short bits. I do agree that there is a definite RNG portion to this, and you can get into areas that your charactes will not survive. On that perspective think a lot like the early FF games, where you grind to get the experience you need to level and advance. As a person who likes to explore in games howeverI don't think I will be spending as much time on this title since once you kill a spawn monster it is gone forever and you must go further to get your experience thus leading you to monsters you can't defeat.If you do get the game however, definitely buy the house early. it saves you 30 gold per hour of sleep by replacing food, which adds up pretty fast."
,Recommended,293160,17072834,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DarkSeraphim,"I didn't play long during my first session but I did enjoy the game for what it is. The only issues I had was every single attack and magic spell I use seems to miss. Its always a problem in my games when a ""healing"" spell can miss. Besides that the game seems fun and very much worth spending time with. I will need to spend more time with the game before I can recommend it though to be worth the 17.99$ it currently is. If it was perhaps 5$ or even 10$ it would easily be worth it to buy but at this time I cant recommend it based on my inital impression.I will update at a later date however once I have more time to evaluate its worth to me.________________________________________________________________Sometime Later...So having given the game serval more hours of play I am defiantly finding it much more enjoyable than my first time around. It still has some quirks with it that many other people have mentioned. One of those things is the resolution. I am not sure what has happened on the programming side of things, but if you want to play this game in full screen and be able to alt tab out, then good luck because thats not happening. I have three monitors so luckily I can still do things on a seperate one but it still is hard to alt tab out sometimes to even do something on one of them.Past the little things though the game is quite fun and I am still not upset that I purchased it. However for those hopeing for a lot from this game I just cant justify spending the 17$ it costs just yet. With more time I may change my mind on that but at this point I would argue this games worth is >10$.I am changing my review to recommend the game but I still feel the price is a bit much and I know the devs are still releasing patches for fixes so some of the gripes I have might dissapear."
,Recommended,293160,17149413,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,theretroman1212,"This is one of the best new 'Old School' style  RPGs I have ever played, as it really feels like something that could have been released back in the DOS / WIN 95 era and pays homage to classics like Diablo, Eye of the Beholder, Dungeon Master, and ElderScrolls even Final Fantasy. Is it something we haven't seen before? --- No, but it is a VERY well put together tribute, that has its own unique charm and atmosphere. I've already put countless hours into the game and there is still so much to do and explore. One can even purchase a boat or a house in the game, and there is a simple justice system for pickpocketing and looting from villagers.If you are looking for a sleek modern game with smooth mechanics, high resolution graphics, and the latest and greatest features in gaming, this title is not for you; however, if you are looking for a fun and challenging nostalgia trip with hours of entertaining gameplay, you might want to give Antharon a try!Overall I'd rate the game a solid 8/10"
76561198105346585,Recommended,293160,26034040,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Monokuma,Great Game. Had a lot of fun with the whole open world feel to it
76561197984481085,Recommended,293160,17116654,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Wink,A well balanced adventure.  You need to conserve your resources and think about your battle technique.I tried different party combinations and I am still not sure what works best.A very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,293160,17405019,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Blargendar,"This is a very challenging RPG in which you can customize your party of 4 to your very liking. The game can be really tough at first and I've found myself staring an a group of seagull's and thinking to myself ""Can I actually do this though?""The only downfall to the game I can see (though it may not seem this way to you) and would like to see implemented in the game is Abilities for non-magic users. Such as a form of counter attack for warrior or other simple skills. I'm not saying add 10 abilities per ""class"", I'm just asking for one or two simple things to be added to pose a difference between ""classes"".Reason I'm quoting ""classes"" in this game is because, though you can choose a ""class"" in the beginning, there is no difference. The only thing that changes your character is that he starts off with a few extra points into healing magic and starts off with a healing spell. Or that he's more accurate with a bow if you pick a ranger. Anyone can put points into any skill thus making every character capable of going down any path.Granted, I do like this, I would just enjoy the game a LITTLE more if there were 1 or 2 more differences to make me feel more rewarded for picking ranger from the start.Another pet peev of mine (though again, might be a good thing in others eyes) is how expensive equipment is. I've put in 8 hours so far and barely look any different than the starting equipment you found in the barrels at the  beginning of the game. Now there's a great chance that when I further in the game I'll get better rewards or bigger amounts of gold, thus feeling more rewarded for the equipment I'll finally have in the long run. Maybe this was their intention all along, so I don't necessarily feel its a con. But maybe some SLIGHTLY better equipment at a cheaper price would make me feel like I'm actually progressing.Though its labeled single player, my friends and I enjoy huddling around the TV screen and each of us control one of the 4 characters. Makes it a group experience and everyone makes their decisions during battle. Makes the game more fun and feel like we're all a part of it. Very D&D feel to this game. Especially with how much content really is in the game. Whether you feel like you're progressing or not, you find out that hours and hours have gone by and you've still got so much more to do in the game. Definetly hours and hours able to be invested in this game.8/10 in my opinion. Could use some tweaks, maybe skills to differ weapons/""classes"" but not necessarily needed to make the game worth while."
76561198090442495,Recommended,293160,20254907,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Baron ThunderCock,"This is a great game. It's very old school though. Isometirc, Turn based combat, etc etc.Though it's still awesome. Let me tell you why.Lets start with the RPG elements of the game. This game has a tonne of quests and massive dungeons brimming with enemies and treasures. All you have to do to find them is explore, this game 'requires' for you to explore. The map is considerably large spanning frozen wastes to large dune filled deserts. Each has their own towns and villages and to find these you need to explore. The quests are plentiful and interesting. Not many fetch quests as there are funny, dark, intense and awesome adventures. The quests keep the world feeling alive and also provide plenty of entertainment.Lets talk about NPC's. The NPc's of this game aren't anything mind blowing but ehy are interesting. You will DEFINATELY meet some interesting people on your travels. They all have their own agendas and some don't even have time for you. The diologue with NPC's isnt game breaking. In fact it's rather simple. It's a Dragon age: Origins type simple, couple of responces to the NPC's and thats about it. Don't expect 20 minute long intriguing conversations because that wont happen.The storyline isn't anything special either. It's not bad by any means, just your good old fantasy story. ""A evil power/man threatens the world you must to this to stop him"". But it's aside from that it is somewhat intersting.There is more i could say but I reccomend  you buy the game for yourself. There's so much to explore and find and its there waiting for you.8/10- Reccomended."
76561198259882214,Recommended,293160,22744445,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SpiderBite,"so far a very cool fun game.i never played anything like it before.dont let the movement of charactors discouage you.its a game you can take at your own pace.im totally into it.great music too.btw i use steam controller to play it,it works for all whose wondering."
76561198124765158,Recommended,293160,18181774,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,vinegrr,"Simplicity is the name of the game in this open world dungeon crawler. There aren't dozens of stats to juggle and combat plays out less like a strategy game and more like the turn-based combat of old console RPGs. If you enjoy exploration and completionism without a lot of stress, you'll find AntharioN very satisfying. There are tons of locations (caves, mines, wells, etc.) to explore off the beaten path of the main quest line, and the graphics are the best kind of pixelated charm.Just as a note, black magic seems to be less useful then other combat skills, especially at later levels. And unlike in many games, non-combat skills are actually incredibly useful. Bartering, foraging, lock picking, and lore will drastically increase the amount of gold and loot you acquire and are highly recommended. Stats are a much larger part of your success than gear, so save your money to train skills instead.I've had a blast with this game and can't recommend it enough. If you're looking for something that's not too complicated or difficult, but still offers that satisfying sort of tasking and exploration, this is the game for you. It's indie gaming at its finest and I look forward to whatever else Orphic Software might bring us in the future."
76561197963664525,Recommended,293160,17082224,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Terkala,"Fair warning: I've only played 3 hours of the game, and that appears to be 10% or less of the total game's content.This is a good game, if you like the genre. And by genre, I mean the sort of old school top-down RPGs that Spiderweb Software makes (particularly their Avernum series).There is a lot of customization in classes, though you'll find yourself relying on ""shield-fighter/barbarian/ranger/wizard"" in some combination. Simply because the game distributes loot based on one of those 4 character class's specialities. Other parties are possible, but a bad idea.The storyline is light, but enough to set a tone. Expect to do a lot of dungeon crawling.If this is your kind of game, you'll love it. If you've never played an old-school RPG like this, stick to Avernum because it is much more accessible."
76561198029452029,Recommended,293160,17080862,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,toriaezu,"Been playing for a couple of hours and so far it is a very nice gem.You can basically create 4 characters freely and will be send out into the world of adventure.Pros:- very nice music- typical RPG game- explore the world however you like- good itemizationCons:- story is a bit of the shelf so far- magic seems underwhelming and costs a lot of food to regain manaBang for buck it still very solid in my opinion, I am looking forward to exploreevery inch of this game."
,Recommended,293160,25647390,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CoasterCraft Gold,"Only played a little so far but I'm getting a huge Avernum or Ultima (like 6 and 7, before the bad ones) vibe."
76561198048900115,Not Recommended,293160,28394503,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Unturned,"The graphics are good classic rpg style and the dungeon crawling is satisfying.  However, as an experienced dungeon crawler/rpg player, I will list some stuff here that kills the game for me:1. monsters never respawn, ever.2. Skills are very limited, which along with #1 makes the game suck such as if you don't immediately raise foraging skill, you will be getting CRAP loot on monsters that never respawn.  Feels like ruining the game.3.  Same thing with barter skill - limited gold.  Better raise it quick if you want to buy items or train other skills.4.  Low level cap of 24.  They may have fixed it with nerfed leveling after level 24.  Not really sure.  Either way it seems like it would still suck, and I couldn't easily figure it out from the discussion forum or any word from the devs.5.  Can't rotate camera or move the view.  Seems like there will never be a chest or container against the wall on the bottom west/south indoors or north/east outdoors since you can't really see in those spots.  Hopefully they wouldn't do that but the thought is just annoying.6.  I've played about 10 hours I may pick it up again and change the review if it turns out better.  After reading about the foraging skill, barter skill, level cap, etc I lost interest."
76561198014229134,Recommended,293160,17186136,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dorok,"I haven't finished the first play yet (about 40H/50H in it playing slowly and a few load back), but it seems relatively long, I enjoy take my time playing it because I enjoy the ""travel"", and I enjoy it. So I wanted add my thumb up vote right now.This CRPG is hugely influenced by Eschalon Book series but with a party, and a better feeling of larger areas. But all design points compared to Eschalon are more simple, less sophisticated, less deep. For example Eschalon Book III has ton of interesting secrets  a bit tricky to find, more sophisticated stealing system, more sophisticated use of darkness/light with a stealth and vision system, many tricks to solve, and more.Antharion gave up on this quality level but offers a world and areas and dungeons that feel much larger, and the party approach is a huge plus. Its world filling quality and density can't compare to Eschalon Book series, but it's more or less a fair filling, and it works relatively well. An important point, it avoids the feeling to be overloaded of combats even if there's many.But the point of Antharion is the whole is much better than the sum of its parts. The more you play it the more it is cool. It's hard to say it's a great CRPG but it's very tempting to say it's a very cool CRPG. :-)One successful point of Antharion is to have succeed to provide a good freedom feeling despite there's no enemy scaling. It feels like a light mix of Eschalon Book series (main influence from far) and Morrowind because of the freedom and various little thing you can choose do as explore with a boat all around the world, find some uncharted islands, try a a long travel through a desert with a low level party with dangers around and risk to lost your path if you don't put care and travel by night, search in a backside area and have the good surprise to find a dungeon, open a secret in a dungeon and find behind a room filled of gold (and the game put care to keep them rare enough), talk to a peasant and get a rumor hinting you some stuff, start pickpocket everybody in towns, more.Remind that everything is light but the mood and the spirit is there, and again it is better than the sum of its parts, and the more you play it the cooler it is.Still you shouldn't expect:- Story and characters that grab you, nothing like that in it, just a modest writing with the only quality to be very fluent to read.- Sophisticated turn based party combats, use more magic will help have a bit more depth, there's elements like agro, obstacles you could try exploit, some more. But overall combats are just a bit deeper than most (or all) single character turn based CRPG, but quite less deep than all party turn based CRPG released those last years.- Sophisticated quests, the best you'll have is for some quests to find some location a bit tricky, based on some tricks or information or rumor.- Sophisticated pickpocket and stealing system, there's a jail and guards system, but overall it's very basic, the only plus is to offer some more freedom for players who would like steal all kind people or some people in peaceful towns they feel bad. :-)To conclude, a sort of last influence or link with previous CRPG, Eschalon Book series is definitely the main influence, Morrowind is a general mood and design idea influence, and the third link is Might & Magic 3-5 with an idea of a light and fast paced CRPG but with some depth anyway through party building, exploration, party and resource management, and with effort to find good tricks the combats can even be good despite they are fast paced. But remind it's a light CRPG and an indie CRPG, you can't except any Morrowind or Might & Magic 3-5 in it."
76561198030818245,Recommended,293160,18995425,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,elmonkoblanco,"AntharioN has become one of my favorite Steam games. Fans of classic PC games, such as those from the Ultima series, will likely come to a similar conclusion for themselves upon playing this title."
,Recommended,293160,22622805,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Heatherlyn,"Fun little old school game, great for little blocks of time."
76561198013226163,Recommended,293160,19393940,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kubepug,AntharioN is a real fun game!it was hard to exit since i thought it was great and would highly recommend it to people who like old school rpgs
76561198008599944,Recommended,293160,22669101,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Cheerupemokid,"What a great buy, its like final fantasy meets overland fighting of chrono trigger. Definitely a nice little gem. I like the aspect of being able to create a diverse team of people.  The only lacking part is being able to take on NPCs that can join you, or being able to take on hirelings.  You do get to own a house which is a nice perk."
76561198020586501,Recommended,293160,17336889,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Scribbles,"If you love Spiderweb Software games, this is somewhat similar. It's one of those RPGs that can really suck you in. Tons of dungeons, lots of quests, enjoyable/inoffensive writing (way, way better than most triple-A rpgs), and fun combat.It's a stock Western RPG with some unique tricks up its sleeve. Really fun stuff. It's a definite buy."
76561198075626137,Recommended,293160,18317301,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BenSt88,"I liked most things about this game, but there were a few things I didn't care for.Pros:Music & sound effects are good.Open-world (one of the best features)4-person party, turn-based RPGNice flexibility to build your PCsTrainersLots of questsCons:Having to talk to a trainer anew for every single damn skill pt you raise!No scrolling or marking of mini-map (very frustrating and would have been easy to implement)No marking of world map eitherAll PCs must be adjacent to cast spells when not in combat (why??)Lack of a clear ending (or even a good one)Undecided:Graphics were borderline too ugly for me; mainly the PCs.Monster choices were uneven. Some were cool, but why am I battling seagulls, sheep etc. in a fantasy RPG?Enemy pathfinding (though this usually worked in the party's favor, to be honest)I would play another game of this type by these developers, and hopefully they can improve on what they've started here."
76561197970781824,Not Recommended,293160,25933043,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,dburgin,"A disappointing game, frustrating and poorly balanced, which simply peters out with no clearly defined ending."
,Not Recommended,293160,17393161,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,smok3,"First game I ever used my refund on.Here are few of the reasons I didn't keep this game.ConsScreen size options:They are very limited, I was only able to play this game in a tiny box, and when you're on a 4k monitor you're practically face in screen to see.Controls:The controls are pretty poor and frustrating. An example, while in combat if your character stands over an enemy character it become very tedius as you search for the one pixel that allows you to target the enemy.UX:The user experience of trying to operate this game is just below standards for it's price. You're hobbled with cumbersome menus that are poorly layed out. Spell catagories menus that don't save what tab you're on so you have to tab through them all every time you cast a spell that isn't hotkeyed.Graphics:Now, I'm not a graphics snob by any means, I routinely play muds and visually outdated looking games. But this game is barely a step above amatuer RPG ACE productions for double the price! It really harkens back to those old newsground flash games quality.Price:This games cost is outrageous considering it's quality. There are several games'TOME','Eschalons Book Series','Serpent of Staglands'and many more priced much cheaper and not only provide more content but just over all raise the bar for this genre of game. At best this is a 5$ game, and I'll be honest knowing what I know now even at 5$ I still would of asked for a refund.ProsGame Performance:The game didn't crash one time while I was playing it.Combat Feedback:I do like the action point system, mixed with movement cost. It's a tried and true for strategy games, if you can get past all the other issues.SuggestionsLet me start off saying that I respect game developers more than most individuals, it's serious hard work to develop a game even a simple game. So I salute you and thank you for your work on creating a game period.But, with that said the price vs quality of this game just doesn't match and your team should really consider dropping that price point. I understand just about anything will sell on Steam for just about any price 'Here's looking at youSukura Clicker' but don't gouge starving RPG fans with this low production development."
76561198001637769,Not Recommended,293160,17132395,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,niteshade6,"Overall I had fun with this game in the beginning. It has a decent amount of exploration, and it's fairly difficult, which is something I like in my RPGs. However I got tired of it after a few hours. The problem is that it's very repetitive. Other then a few spells, there are no skills to use in combat. Combat is just a matter of hitting attack over and over, with the occasional heal thrown in. The monsters are the same way, so fights get really repetetiive really fast, and fighting a group of rats is identical to fighting a group of skeletons in every way except the graphics. Character development is fairly limited,for each character archetype there are usually only one or two combat skills that are worth putting points into, although there are some noncombat skills like persuasion which you can put points in as well.In the end I wouldn't recommend this game to most people. I know that it's meant to be retro, but I've been playing games since the 80s and most of the retro games that it's based on had at least a little more depth. The world does seem pretty large though and there seems to be a fair amount of exploration. So if you don't care about the repetitive combats, you might be able to enjoy exploring and looking for loot. For me though it felt a little closer to an Iphone game than a $17 game."
,Not Recommended,293160,18588239,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Chiktikka Fastpaws,"I understand it has been made by two developers. but it worth just for 8 bucks for several reasons. after 31 hours i've understood this game is very boring.- it is poor, big but really really poor of contents, unless you got an high level of foraging the quality of the items will be really low. so you will hardly have a satisfaction during a journey.- the world is really huge, but there isn't a real reason for it. many of the dungeons are very very big but empty. they are made to test your patience. really.- a lot of choices made by the developers are really nonsense. like the map : you can just see where you are (there is a really really tiny red dot, nearly impossible to see) and use the fast travel. but if you want to see what you have already explored you can't. you must to return in this specific place. or the fact of when you die you are launched automatically in the main menù...why?- you are obblied to kill every single enemy in the world because if your level isn't enough high you can't face all your enemies. it's an open world game but it fleels like you are on a rail.- it isn't immersive at all. there is a bit of lore from books and stories, but the world of antharion doesn't feel alive because it moves only when YOU move!!!...really???i do not recommend the game at all..look for something else."
,Recommended,293160,21557963,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,† Radson,"This game is truly terrific. It's a mix of Morrowind and Spiderweb's Avernum series, with a dash of ADOM for good measure. It's a ton of fun for those looking for open-ended adventuring. Fun pickpocketing and looting mechanics. My only problem with the game is the lack of Cloud save= I can't play my chars @ work :) 8/10!"
76561198045400475,Not Recommended,293160,22735296,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,walk.bear,"I hate this game, it's dice are always cheating, no matter how high your success rate is, it always make sure you will miss, and so it could kill your characters---- that's why your characters would auto return to life after a battle end."
76561197972995047,Recommended,293160,22199545,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Coup d' oeil,"Yea.. We have an Old school min/max RPG that requires THOUGHT.   Jack of all,  master of none, never rang so true. You get to choose 4 charcters. You have to have each specialize in something  different if you want to make it far. If you read the tool tips and have experience playing old school RPGs you can figure it out.  This is not your ""mini-map marker"" rpg. You better pay attention, and explore the map. However, once you discover settlements you can fast travel."
76561198006836122,Not Recommended,293160,17332367,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DutchBlak,"The story is bad but at least it isn't long winded so I can live with that but the combat is so basic it gets boring fast, if you're not a mage all you can do is move an attack an even with a mage you will probably save your mana on half the fights so guess how exciting that is.Postitives-The whole map is well crafted an thought outGood balanceNot to much loot so it's actually exciting when you get something goodAll skills are usefulI still think it's a pretty good game but the combat is to weak for me to give a thumbs up(at this price point) if you don't mind basic combat tho you should buy it."
76561198053422627,Recommended,293160,17080654,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Classic old school RPG goodness that is simply a joy to play and a refreshing RPG game that oozes quality and heart and soul.  I love this game, and I think my first video might help demonstrate exactly why...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJycimbfvm4If you love RPG games, especially the old classics like Ultima, Wizardry, Icedale, and even older RPG games like Bards tale, then this game is probably a ""must-buy"" for you!  It seems a little steep looking at the price now, but with the developer promising over 40 hours of gameplay.. and this is FUN gameplay and a whole new world to explore.. it's easily worth the price of admission!"
76561197991657927,Not Recommended,293160,21404053,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MrMuse,"Really really bad...don't be suckered in by your thirst for an open world rpg with plenty of lore. RNG is hoplessly broken and to-hit will be 75% miss for you and hit for enemy regardless of visible percentages, the movement is clumsy and rough as are the graphics. The engine alone makes it a no-buy. There are better freeware games available.  I realise this is a new company but there is no excuse for repeated death before you even leave the starting area. Even a ten year old kid would realise that doesnt make good gameplay.  I'm all for challenge and difficulty...but at least give the player time to realise how things work instead of stiffing them in the first few mins - refunded even at half price."
76561198017115042,Not Recommended,293160,22349953,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nuuance,"I've barely played it, and I'm not sure I'll go any further....trying.  Too hard, at least initally.  When it's 6 on four and your fighter goes down before you even had a turn, and you miss next four shots/spells, it's game over.  I may give it one more go and come back to this review, but right now...I can't recommend it, even if it was free."
76561198091240053,Not Recommended,293160,18018165,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,1984nomore,The Economy is broken to the point of absurdity.
76561198009485976,Not Recommended,293160,21643812,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jay,"Largely dropped this game from my playing list, thought it had good potential and expected to see it improved but, as others have noted, it needs work and the devs do not seem interested in fixing/improving it. There are plenty of other similar games that are WAY better supported and more fun. Antharion was a big waste of my money. Puzzled why there are so many positive reveiws?"
76561198019928788,Recommended,293160,17831463,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,breeze,Good.
76561198056682064,Recommended,293160,21431302,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,theskinsurf,my theft just got witnessed by a small pup. 10/10 would let Leo the Dog snitch on me again.
76561197985650755,Recommended,293160,17068283,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dagon,"Pretty sweet so far, really wish we had more games like this."
76561198032081611,Not Recommended,293160,20023546,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"Disappointing gameplay dynamics that sort of punish you for leveling up, and force you into certain skills just to stay alive.  Otherwise, a fun little old school RPG."
76561198142454765,Not Recommended,293160,25327642,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CommunistBot1000,"Good game, a good bit of character customization, but the combat is repetitive, the world is small, the graphics are simple, no mods and to top this off, 15 euro pricetag, which is a rip off."
76561198292461573,Recommended,293160,23282319,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,michelle.pogo,I guess I love these types of RPG turn based games.  I actually loved this game.
,Not Recommended,293160,21556145,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BleedingQuasar,"The controls are jerky, poorly thought out, and poorly implemented. I couldn't play it for long than about an hour."
,Not Recommended,293160,17804328,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Wesker Frank,"Only 2 Resolution option, I can't see the option and skill bar if I put in fullscreen.No key rebindI wich I could like this game but I can't even play it properly."
,Not Recommended,293160,21756486,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Pacioli,"Played a few hours.  Bad graphics, marching order weird and very hard to navigate.  Game did not seem balanced so went through several parties before giving up.  Quests very uninteresting."
,Not Recommended,293160,17103555,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Deadjack,"17 bucks for a tactial game where :- There are no informations about game's mechanics, especially fights and classes.[Correction: i've updated this review in front of my problems to , at least, inform people in a small review tutorial. Check the following to know more about the game].- You can't play the way you want because you are forced to make a team of melee fighters if you want to have a decent start.- Even if you create a balanced team (Warrior, Thief and 2 different mages) everything against you will have the upper hand or at least makes you load a save.[Correction: In fact the problem is more subbtle, the game forces you to have a basic team layout to be effective. Not every teams can beat the game so you can't play the way you like. To start without any major problems take a warrior, a fighter or both, take a ranger and a wizard ( Gray for utility spells like teleportation, White for healing, Black for damages)].- The only classes to have ""usable skills"" are wizards. The others just hit with their respective weapons.- During fights you can't even aim correctly to make your moves.- You can't show the grid that compose maps and battle maps.- Every time a character crosses the location of an other team member, they swap their positions.- You can't change camera angle so many times you don't see enemies around your characters.[Correction: due to lack of tutorials, the only way to spot hidden enemies is the mini map on top right of screen]- Character models shake their weapons but there is no walking animation when you move.- You can't change your point allocation when you level up. Wrong skill... you have to load a save.- You can't change key bindings.- You must use you mouse all the time due to lack of shortcuts.[Correction: you can find keys in options menu, if you play with an azerty keyboard press shift-alt to use keyboard movements because yes you're not forced to use mouse for moving]- When you need to use a potion ? You must go to your inventory...[Correction: Indeed you can store your potions into a shortcut bar, only 3 potions on the right side the rest is for spells. So again you can't change items shortcuts because basically i tried to put healing potion on key number 1...]- You don't need potions out of combat when you can heal everybody and everywhere, in few hours (few seconds in real time) with cheap food items...[Correction: Indeed healing is easy and resurrecting is easy too ! Even if you have only 1 last man standing, he will rise from the deads all your fellow comrades. Don't forget to sleep during few hours after that because death is bad. And no enemies with wake you up even into the ""Darkest Dungeon""]- There is no real Alchemy. You don't experiment or use alchemy devices but level up a skill to be able to use recipes and mix 3 components to get a vial that comes from nowhere.[Correction: Keep your money for spells and weapons, alchemy is only usefull when you start to have 15 or 20 in this skill and your team has allready some equipement. Don't forget that death is not important and few cheap food can restore all your health in a  matter of seconds].- A quest needs to check a basement to get rid of a rat infestation ? The quest is bugged because there's nothing in it ...[Correction: The quest is not bugged. You just can't identify objects/people/monsters. In this quest you just have to find a purple graffiti and come close enough to open a secret passage. For other straneg symbol like this you have to increase lore skill. Like for the passage in the mine where you need 10 in lore skill.]- You load all the time, save all the time, die all the time due to stupid dice rolls and movement errors.[Correction: No need to reload ! Only complete party wipe is a game over. Send your guys to death and beat the last monsters and everything will be fine. Life is so good in fantasy games.]TO CONCLUDE:This game is a pain especially if you're used to regulars rpgs. Many mechanics are not explained and many things are not polished. Even if there is no voice acting for important speeches, music is rather good. But the overal design/animations are poor, controls are bad, classes/ races even story are lifeless  and combats are annoying.You can't even choose the way you want to play contrary to what they DARE to say on the store page! Because indeed you will be stuck to the old-fashioned rpg team: tank, thief/ranger/ arrow dude, white wizard because light heals, black wizard because darkness does damages.Due to lying/false (laconic would be better) reviews i bought this game. And they stabbed me in the back. Potential buyers be ware this game is unpolished and positive reviews are wrong. And if you still try to play it, choose a team with a basic setup and many points in melee or range combat.Give them as much health as possible. With this you  can start your quests  correctly and maybe you will beat the game.I've updated and i will update as i play or the game progresses but for the moment my game experience was painfull and frankly after having paid such a considerable amount of money i expected more.To make a hard turn-based rpg is a thing, to make a game that gives absolutely no infos about some of its most importants aspects is punishing."
,Not Recommended,293160,26299508,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,claiminglight,"A cliche' riddled opening, a basic combat system and a character system that boils your character down into a set of 15 or so skills.The frosting that deflated cake is a frustrating user interface with unchangable keybindings and a lot of forced mousework to do simple tasks. For instance: if you want to equip a helmet, you'd expect that a shift-click would get the job done for you. Or, if you wanted to move an item from one hero to another, you'd expect that pressing '2' or 'F2' would move the item to your second character. Instead, plan on click-dragging everywhere.It's an annoyance I would have ignored in a game that otherwise demanded my attention. But this one doesn't. So the 1990s UI features were more than enough to tip me over the edge."
,Not Recommended,293160,22713464,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,springyb,How the ♥♥♥♥ are you gonna charge 15 dollars for a game that doesn't even have a walk animation?
,Recommended,293160,24046908,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Guts,gud
76561198051141671,Not Recommended,293160,32640122,Posted: 22 June,all,Benson,"Horribly boring, crap graphics, bad combat. -5 stars. Would not play for 33 minutes again."
,Not Recommended,293160,26298133,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dances With Fools,this game SUCS:ShallowUglyClunky♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,293160,25671304,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,lame
76561197993551920,Recommended,293160,21182198,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Crazed Possum,"Good game so far for me and I'm well into it. First off the random number generator quirk everyone is talking about. After starting and playing for 10 hours i switched to easy difficulty and never looked back. The game on normal difficulty is so hard to play there is literally NO FUN playing it. Well i buy and play games for the entertainment purpose and not to swear and throw things and trash my keyboard. Play the game on easy level and enjoy it. After putting it on easy all attacks and magic and lockpicking and pick pocketing worked much much much much better.That said.1. Armor ""seems"" to work better with a lot of points into defense. ( no matter what type of armor)2. Pick pocketing people and enemies and animals is a huge money maker at the start.Also everytime you succeed you get xp !3. Keep some items that give plusses to the skills you don't use often but think you will later in the game.........such as :A: Alchemy. All you need is the required point level to learn the recipe and then you can make that potion all the time. Such as invisibility is 95 points. Your character only needs points plus whatever they wear = 95 and boom you read the recipe and sell all the stuff that boosted the skill. Also everytime you make a potion you get ........you gueesed it more xp !B: Lore. Keep a few items on your one character with lore points and when needed suit up your lore items and when your done switch outfits.4. Get everyone a range weapon quickly. Either magic or bows.5. Everyone gets a staff to cast magic and everyone needs to get WhiteMagic up to level 15 points so they can have minor heal.6. Dexterity simply equals speed and thus action points to manuever with.7. Persuation. Nice to have for a few extra xp during a conversation or avoiding to fight it out or keeping a nice quest item. But even after using it and getting the extra xp you can still just kill the quest giver anyways. I persuaded all the guardians and got what i wanted from them and then started a fight and killed them anyways for more xp.8. You can train all the skills up with trainers for cash but points into your stats come by increasing your level. You can find blue crystals that also raise your stats too. And some gear will add to your stats if worn. So points into your stats are going to be more useful and overall beneficial to your adventure.9. Just about everything has weight in the game so keep increasing your strength for whomever carries the heavy stuff.10 Enjoy an old style RPG on easy difficulty."
76561197964563358,Recommended,293160,20463204,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,NicoFar22,"I love this game... let me say that with some feeling, I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!! I have been looking for a good turn-based RPG and this scratches that itch that has been pestering me since Front Mission 3. The story feels like a fairly generic D&D story, but that is ok by me. It has some great gameplay, beautiful art, and a ton of gore. It is a very well made dark fantasy game. Buy it, love it, get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at it because it can be ♥♥♥♥ing hard!10/10 will die many more times!"
76561198000466618,Recommended,293160,22731773,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Olmy,"This game has had me hooked, Its an old stlye rpg set in a big world with lots to do. The price bing low makes this a must. The only downside for me is that the marching order cant be changed which means my mage is vulnerable as he is first. This is supposidly a design choice but it is stupid and further development seems to have ended so it wont change."
