user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,293440,14061848,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,seorin,"As an obvious homage to Zelda 2 for the NES, Elliot Quest largely succeeds, but a handful of serious flaws hamper what would otherwise be an easy recommendation. As such, I'd only recommend it to players who like the style of game enough to enjoy a budget version that falls short of its potential.Awkward and frustrating mechanics really cut down on the fun in leveling up and exploring. The low level cap prevents you from maxing your abilities. Experience loss on death punishes you for falling down some pits while others contain secrets. Several abilities only have a small chance to activate, meaning you will often die from something that you easily could have beaten if only your abilities had worked.Exploration also feels extremely limited and unrewarding. In contrast with other games of this style, Elliot Quest has you constantly running into walls instead of finding new areas to explore. Often you'll finally get past one barrier only to find another on the other side. Your eventual reward is then too little too late: mere coins or exp for finally getting through the area you've revisited three times.Elliot Quest is not a bad game, but it suffers from numerous rough edges that take quite a lot away from the parts that are supposed to be fun."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,293440,13220014,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,gonzo191,"A wonderful old school inspired game that's hamstrung by its obvious design inspirationsPros:- Graphically beautiful game- Music is great, there are hints of another game's music in the composition- Runs smoothlyCons:My biggest problem with this game is that there is literally no aid whatsoever as to what anything you find does. You get an item, what does it do, who knows. You get key item with a message ""you got key item X better store this at home"", what is this item and where is home who knows. There is no description\flavour text for any item or spell. Hell the game doesn't even tell you what the controls are. Is this fun, not for me it isn't and I'm from the NES era where I grew up playing a ton of jrpgs.My second issue is with the experience loss upon death, why is this here anyway. I really wish this MMO mechanic was not implemented as it makes makes levelling up a chore and a grind when you die as you lose huge chunks of XP.Another issue I have is the 'pay off' for finding chests. I really dislike that money is all you get from chests, normal chests give you small amount of money, blue chests require a blue key and gives you more money. To me this was extremely unfulfilling as there's nothing really to buy besides a few upgrades and potions.Verdict:- Did I enjoy my time yes and no. It was fun when it worked like a game, moving from dungeon to dungeon, discovering secrets and beating bosses and not when you're lost and frustrated as to where to proceed next. So who do I recommend this game to, those of you who are into old school games alone but in general I don't see my recommending to anyone else."
76561197961737040,Not Recommended,293440,21400700,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,vigg,"I really, really wanted to recommend this game, but I just can't.  I've never been so torn between giving a thumbs up / thumbs down.  2d metroidvanias are my favorite genre, and even still this game was 60% fun, 40% frustration.  It was just *barely* more fun than frustrating.  That's not something I can feel good about recommending, unfortunately.Other reviewers have written about it in detail so I'll skip that, and just say that I abandoned it in the endgame, when I realized it was essentially impossible for me to beat the optional secret endgame bosses and get the good ending, because I hadn't maxxed out my magic skill.This game is a real shame; if the developers had spent just a liiiiittle more time on it then it could have been an indie classic."
76561197983276600,Recommended,293440,12907875,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Buckets81,"Awesome Metroidvania (more in the vein of Zelda 2, though) side-scroller."
76561198061253326,Not Recommended,293440,14157366,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jndala,"I want to like this game, but I can't.  It has nothing to do with the presentation or story, but with how horribly broken it is.  Maybe this only affects the linux version, but the controls consist of spacebar, directional keys and D, with no way at all to change it.  This is simply not a control scheme that works.  Controller support is also almost entirely lacking, with only a handful of keys mapped to my logitech pad, not including movement, and again, no configuration at all.  There isn't even a way to display it fullscreen.  Sorry, but this gets a thumbs down from me until it gets fixed."
76561198010303643,Recommended,293440,13505034,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cole,"Elliot Quest is one of the best games I've played this year.  Playing through it, you can tell that a lot of heart was put into making this game.  The sense of exploration in Elliot Quest is far greater than any other game I've played recently.  It keeps pulling you back to find out where else you can go and what else you can find now that you've gotten the next powerup.  The art style is wonderful and unique, and the music and sound effects are great, too (there are also some well-placed Link to the Past references).  The game does sometimes fault in not explaining enough of what is going on, but I feel this is better than erring on the side of explaining too much and ruining the chance for discovery and exploration."
76561198056880035,Recommended,293440,14458600,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dewhi100,"40+ hours so far. The most frustrating feature of this game is the obscurity. Controls are L-shift, S, D, Esc, Enter, Space, and arrows and cannot be changed. They are not explained in the game. The max level is 20 for a total of 19 upgrades. This was not explained beforehand. I could not figure out how to progress at one point until I tried using an item in a slightly different way. And I only just realized what an item I found days ago even does.But this is where the lack of explanation in-game enters the gray area of pro/con. To some, it's a barrier. To others, it becomes an invitation to experiment and explore. I was incredibly frustrated while I was stuck, but when I progressed it was extremely satisfying. I've died again and again trying to find out how to even damage some of the later bosses. But slowly learning their weaknesses and taking them down has been incredibly rewarding. The exact order in which to explore the progressively open map is a little foggy, but the overall direction is clear.Exploration is where the game truly shines. Many areas are more accessable than they first seem. Enemies can be tackled with more practice as opposed to more items. Many puzzles are solved not by finding a new upgrade but by creative use of Elliot's existing abilities. There are many side areas with their own rewards, and one or two decisions for Elliot to make that will stay with him for the rest of the game. There are always multiple uses for an upgrade. None of them are spelled out, but some are made clear by the design of the area they are found in. The clever puzzles make yet more applications for Elliot's powers clear.In summary, this is a game that is difficult to get into at the start due to the complete, *absolute*, UTTER lack of hand holding. But it quickly builds momentum and continues building it the longer you play. For those who enjoy exploring their surroundings, their alternatives, and the hidden mechanics of their game world, this is an experience I can't recommend highly enough."
76561198029294992,Recommended,293440,31721230,Posted: 13 May,all,Earl of Lemongrab,"So im playing the game after the full remake, and i can absolutely say this game is fantastic, the Zelda 2 vibes are very strong but with much better mechanics. If you like zelda 2, youll love this game."
76561198143501091,Recommended,293440,31631225,Posted: 8 May,all,EnormousPun,"This game is pretty good. The two things I didn't like both reminded me of games from my childhood in a bad way, but aren't really issues with the game itself...First, only the d-pad on my [pc] Xbox 360 controller works. This makes it feel like I am holding a tiny NES gamepad in my adult hands that want to be holding something comfortably after being used to earn wages all night. Obviously this also has something to do with my controller, but I was not pleased about d-pad movement.(The game has since been rebuilt, so the d-pad issue has ostensibly been fixed)Second, getting stuck in an area and needing to start a new game after playing for a few hours because I happened to go there before getting the fireball spell. To the credit of the game, it did not take nearly as long to recover and it was pretty fun after getting used to the d-pad...if a bit tedious, which still caused me to not take the game back up.Now that the game has been tightened up with a rebuild, I'll definitely revisit it and recommend it to anyone who enjoys retro-style metroidvanias."
76561198297902060,Recommended,293440,28248910,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,loons5150,"What an unexpectedly fantastic little (big) game! As others have mentioned, this does have a Zelda 2 vibe. But, expect to enjoy a Metroid vibe as well. Lots of exploration for loot and upgrades. The game throws you into the environment, and the world is your oyster! You can make it as difficult or as smoothe as you'd like, depending on what stats in which you invest and progressive upgrades you have.So, the easiest way I've found to outline a game's points is to list the pros and cons...Pros:- 8-bit feel with near-modern control scheme- Lots of exploration, lots of upgrades, lots of secrets- Great boss fights...and lots of 'em. There are 4 main dungeons before unlocking the last, but plenty of other side dungeons. Each dungeon comes with at least 1 boss; some have mini-bosses as well. It's a weird construct, but it definitely works.- It's unconventional. Yes, it resembles Zelda 2 and Metroid, but it has its own style. It doesn't hold your hand...it has very little in-game prompting. You need to discover things for youself.Cons:- Honestly, I really can't think of any. For an indie title, it feels polished and rewarding...Great job!In summary, for $10 and nearly 24 hours until the final cutscene  (not 100% - other higher level areas to explore), this game pays dividends. That's what I love about Steam. These little-known games creep into your ""Recommended"" list, and, after perusing the reviews, you're enjoying another hidden gem! Pick it up; give it a try.Just an addendum with regard to another game Elliot Quest feels like...not the difficulty...the construct. Dark Souls. There were only a few, but, in the negative reviews, a common ""complaint"" existed...unreachable areas and circuitous routes to backtrack. In its defense, the game is intentionally designed to have barriers between sections of the world. And, after exploration and lots of enemy fights, shortcuts begin to appear...much like Dark Souls. The first playthrough of an area is a real challenge, twisting your character through a maze. But, as you unlock the shortcuts, the map and game design begin to unfold before your eyes. I view this as a postive for sure!"
,Recommended,293440,26013077,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kcaso,"If you're searching for a game like Zelda 2, you have found it!Surely you will enjoy this game...but, there are some problems!The max level of experience you can reach is 20.For each lvl you gain a point you can spend to upgrade a stats.There are 5 stats (stregnt/agility/magic/vitality/critic) and a max of 5 point to distribute each.So.... you can't max all the stats, you can only gain 20 points through all the game!If you want to play and enjoy the game, finding all the secrets (items/places/boss)I recommend you to MAX the MAGIC stats because it's essential! (you can't reassign the exp points).Nice pixel art.Nice music.Obviously it's an hard and challenging game."
,Not Recommended,293440,26073462,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Carly 2000,"Beautiful, Challenging, but Ultimately FrustratingThis game is so close to being a classic. It's clearly influenced by the likes of Zelda 2, Super Metroid, Kid Icarus, Castlevania and Demon's Crest. It's got a great visual aesthetic, music, and game feel. The world, villagers, and monsters all feel great. The bosses are challenging, and have respawn points beside them if you mess up and need to retry.However, there's a lot of frustration in this game. First, there's no instructions to tell you what the controls of the game are. There's only movement, shoot, jump, and secondary item (arrows, D, spacebar, S) so you'll figure them out pretty quickly, but that's still not great. Could have just been a quick screen accessible from the main menu, even if they weren't remap-able. There's also a lot of unexplained things in the game. Your new abilities are always unexplained. I can sympathize with not wanting to hand-hold, and have condescending tutorials like most modern games have, but you can't just chop them out of the game. The powers could have had a short little cutscene, ala Megaman X, that show your guy using the new power. You'll probably figure it out in a minute or two, but it's still annoying. A really bad one, is that there's an unexplained level-cap in the game. So you'll be playing along, thinking that eventually you'll be able to fill out all the little level-up skills, that are all shown from the beginning of the game in your inventory screen. Instead, you'll eventually hit the cap, and find out that you spent your level-ups wrong, because you didn't know you'd run out.The real killer, however, is the sheer volume of time-wasting you'll do in the game. There's no quick-travel in the game, and almost no short-cuts, so you'll spend a lot of your time back-tracking through levels you've already traversed numerous times. I know the games I listed as references have backtracking, but in this game it's a lot worse. It's aggravated by not knowing where to go, your character's painfully slow movement speed on ladders, and slow walking speed. Finally, there's the time wasted by the economy in the game. There's some plot-essential things you need to buy, which need hundreds of coins. However, you'll only be scraping a few dozen coins per hour of real-time, from the enemies and crates in the game. There's some one-time bonus coin-chests in the game, but those really just feel like a reminder of the stupid grinding you're doing for gold, rather than something to be excited about. Plus, they're usually locked behind some metroidvania-style doors and item-requirements, so they also serve the purpose of confusing and annoying you, because you thought there was going to be some useful item behind that locked door, or a new area to explore. Instead, it's just a handful of coins.If I were to wave a magic wand, I'd get rid of the coins in the game. Just have the villagers who sell you things, instead make you use your metroidvania abilities in a small little mini-dungeon, or room in their house. I'd also make your level-ups tied to main-plot progress, and maybe a couple hidden optional items, instead of killing monsters for exp. Actually, the chests that used to contain coins would now contain level-up items (and maybe some ability-items), since I've gotten rid of the coins. Finally, I'd make your character move faster on ladders, and throw in a fast-travel system, like Super Mario World, or Shovel Knight. (Actually, Shovel Knight is a good comparison, because I have 8 hours in that game and 100% of the secrets. After nearly 8 hours of Elliot quest, I'm about 1/3 done the game.)Unfortunately, I don't have a magic wand, so I just have to recommend not playing this game. :C"
76561198028253012,Recommended,293440,13076844,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ghin,"Did you enjoy playing Zelda 2? If so, you will like this.  If not, you're probably going to be frustrated and get stuck in the first area. The art and music are enjoyable, the obstacles and secrets are mostly well done, and I feel glad I took the chance and bought it. There's a lot of stuff to find (and miss) and it's enough to warrant two or maybe even three playthroughs.Overall, I had a good time with this game and I would recommend it. If you don't like NES games, then this will be outside the range of your enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,293440,14704705,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ApricotStyles,"There are too many things wrong with this for me to recommend it. A game like this needs good controller support, but the current support is rubbish and glitchy. The control schheme is unbearable on keyboard and the lack of a settings screen makes that worse. Thheres no tutorial or anything, which isnt necessarily a bad thing, but more intuitivity on thhe map and menu screens could hhelp that out. The game itself is fun, the difficulty is not too bad, but the strong lack of checkpoints is ridiculous. I understand the appeal for perhaps those who wishh to chhallenge themselves, but this is not the 20th century where checkpoints are difficult to work into games for whatever reason, leaving them out does not help an aesthetic it hurts gameplay. The lack of checkpoints can put you back 2 - 3 minutes of gameplay, and up to even 5 if you wish to be thorough like me. And this is only at the beginning of the game, I do not know how much worse it gets late game. If there were better controls, many more checkpoints, and a bit more intuitiveness I may not have ragequit as many times as I did."
76561198022204686,Not Recommended,293440,31865346,Posted: 20 May,all,trappums,"The game: An unabashed Zelda II clone. In fact, some of the music is so similar I'm surprised they weren't sued by Nintendo.The good: Really nice pixel art by Luis Zuno. I highly recommend checking out his youtube channel. The game also has very nice, tight controls.The bad: The game is difficult. And not in a fun way. It starts off at a really enjoyable and rewarding level of challenge, but about halfway through it abruptly switches to overpowered enemies and constant instadeaths. The story also blows. Normally I wouldn't really comment on that, because no one plays a game like this for the story. But this game makes you constantly sit through a bunch of boring cut scenes and read droll, emo rubbish.Not the worst game I've ever played by any means, but it really feels like a beta that needs a lot more work and refinement."
,Not Recommended,293440,26481607,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Evilass,This game has terrible controls and rips off Zelda sound effects and music left and right. The game is trying to be a Zelda 2 clone which I guess in that regard it actually does a decent job.If you really loved Zelda 2 or wish to play frustratingly hard game from the NES era then maybe this game is for you… but for anyone else not so much.I couldn’t stomach the game for longer than the min review time. The sprite art work is pretty good and the music is mediocre. Like I said if you are looking for a NES style game or a Zelda 2 clone then this is your game.
76561198024989523,Recommended,293440,30802941,Posted: 28 March,all,mauro7inf,"This game is a fantastic Zelda II/metroidvania adventure.  It was lots of fun to play, very addictive, and it only became a drag at the very end when trying to beat the superbosses.  I 100%ed this game (well, I didn't get all the coin chests or all the endings, but I don't think that counts) and I have to say, I enjoyed it quite a bit!  I did not use guides for most of it; I did get lost at one point and used a guide there, and I also got guidance for the superbosses and the final crystals, but other than that, a careful explorer can get pretty much everything.  So:Things I liked: the metroidvania gameplay, obviously, is the main draw.  It's not a straight metroidvania: each area is self-contained.  Basically, there's an overworld map filled with impassable areas raising exclamation points, and you go into these places to cross the map to the other side of that impassable area.  These areas often have challenges requiring the use of upgrades or spells, so you may not be able to cross them at first but have to come back with better stuff.  The game also has a nifty story told in flashbacks, a karma meter (which I never got to move), EXP and level-ups (it would have been nice to know what's actually important to have late-game, because you get 1 skill point at level-up and with the level cap you can only get some of the upgrades).  Also, every new thing on the map is exciting to explore and discover!  I guess that's what kept me playing for so many hours.Things I didn't really like: the lack of direction.  The game is deliberately designed with a ""retro"" feel.  I honestly wish developers would stop doing that.  I buy the simplicity in graphics, that's fine, but the game could well have explained more.  For example, at one point you can find a blue book.  It goes into your upgrade grid.  What does it do?  The forums aren't sure.  The game sure doesn't tell you!  I think, for the most part, you can kinda figure out where to go by just looking around on the map, but maybe also someone in the towns could kinda say something to point you in the right direction too?  You also collect crystals -- why?  What's the point?  Turns out they open doors if you have enough of them, OK.  So they're... door counters?Other things of note: the game is pretty hard.  There are lots of puzzles, lots of challenging platforming, etc.  There's a very nice Hell-Temple-esque challenge area that's quite a bit harder than the rest of the game.  And then there are... the superbosses.  MASSIVE DIFFICULTY SPIKE, even compared to the Wizard's Tower.  They're not required, of course, but yeah.  My last week of playing this game was spent getting frustrated against one of these guys for a bit and giving up for the night.  On the other hand, it felt damn good to kill the last one and open the door they were guarding!Anyway, I had a lot of fun playing Elliot Quest.  Other than those superbosses, the challenge level is great, though you may want to look things up on occasion in case you missed something big (I missed a crucial game mechanic, for example, that nobody bothered to tell me about in-game).  Enjoy!"
76561198165442724,Recommended,293440,18961763,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Andrew,I'm still only about 30 minutes in but I absolutely love this game. Difficulty ( thus far ) seems VERY FAIR and there is even a bit of story and cut scene. A++
76561197983353237,Recommended,293440,31649507,Posted: 9 May,all,batmobilly,"One of the most under appreciated platformers/metroidvanias. It's just perfect, and now with steam achievements so there is no excuse not to but it."
,Not Recommended,293440,30602060,Posted: 18 March,all,Kev,"It's an excellent game. A fun and difficult platformer. Good music and style. I like it.But it's incredibly buggy. It's built in JS with an HTML5 engine and I've had no end of game breaking bugs and floor clipping. Random behaviour. Playing through it on another platform I broke through the floor and it autosaved in an unrecoverable way and had to delete my save file from near the end of the game. Maddening.It also does not in any way work in the Steam Link. White screen and crashing.So the game is good, but it's plagued by technical problems and is no longer supported."
,Not Recommended,293440,15167636,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Scornado_YT,"This game, is a good RPG like game, but it is hard to solve the puzzles without looking at the guide online on the internet. It is not recommended"
76561198042022665,Recommended,293440,15665915,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MealsOnWheels,fun
76561198087096351,Not Recommended,293440,20233955,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,vagrantEleven,"The game is pretty but the controls are laggy and somewhat unresponsive (I'm playing with an XBone controller) the dificulty is high and there are some odd level and gameplay design choices. I did pay full price for the game but I'd say if you really want to play it, wait for it to be on sale or just skip it. Nothing worth it here."
,Not Recommended,293440,25105997,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,eldee,"really wanted to like this game, but man is it poorly designed. I get that they wanted to do the overworld thing and tease future abilities by blocking progress, but they do it ALL THE DAMN TIME. Literally every stop on the map when you start the game with the exception of the village is a progress blocker, so you go in- turn around and leave. With no explanation.There might be a really solid game behind the first 30 minutes- but I don't even care enough to find out anymore."
,Recommended,293440,29697126,Posted: 4 February,all,arbor day,"If you're one of the cool kids who likes Zelda II: The Adventure of Link, you need to play this game. It's a love letter to that game, and expands upon the core mechanics a bit to add some depth.If you hate Zelda II, this isn't for you. ps whats wrong with you?"
76561198194881228,Recommended,293440,13960757,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CoalWhite,"Excellent for all lovers of old school, or for those who simply enjoy a good adventure. Equal parts exciting and challenging, it doesn't tax my Mac Book Air, and runs silky smooth. Great soundtrack, excellent atmosphere and an original slice of a story makes this a sure thing."
,Recommended,293440,14507600,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TeaEarlGreyHot,My wife says this game rocked and she wishes there was another.
76561198196514867,Recommended,293440,19165480,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,angotti81,"Zelda II: Elliots awakening.  A far more gorgeous version of a NES classic.  Has the same crippling difficulty.  Doesn't provide any hand holding to a fault.  Yet once you complete a task that killed you 17 times, you breath a sigh of relief.  Not for anyone looking for an easy ride, or those prone to throwing controllers.I hope for a sequel!Pros: Zelda 2 beautifully reimagined, yet unique in it's own right.  Huge number of secrets.  Well thought out bosses, level design.  Tough yet rewarding gameplay.Cons: These are not game breakers, rather quips that are worth mentioning: No item explanation, Sometimes it's tough to figure out where to go.  Bombs can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get, Level cap, No ability to redistribute skill points9/10  Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,293440,28628888,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,HangryZombit,I wish this game was a bit more explanatory; I bought it for my son but even I can't really understand it... Dev's please add a tutorial or something...
,Recommended,293440,12920569,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"Makes me feel like a kid aqain playing my NES lol ...I love it! Make one like metroid and i will be so happy lol . Good job , good game!"
76561198098777917,Recommended,293440,13213239,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,jairo_acosta02,"This game is really good (for lack of better words), i've been enjoying the adictive game play. it has a ton of stages to explore and secrets all over the place, that are unlocked as you get new abilities and explore.the music and art are outstanding, to me as an artist are just an inspiration.i recommend this game, and if you was born on the 80s or early 90s this is a MUST buy."
76561197987873558,Recommended,293440,13099938,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Rixonomic,My real name is Elliott and I have red hair IRL. 11/10
76561198026492892,Not Recommended,293440,13011214,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,paalia,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's just a terribly frustrating experience. Pick up something I presume to be a potion, what is it? No idea. Consume it, nothing happens. Huh, I guess it's a health potion as I was at full health and nothing happened. Doesn't matter, as you will never find another one. Pick up a scroll, what does it do? No idea, as it's not even in your inventory. Pick up some sort of amphora vase, game text tells me I better keep it at home.. mmm, ok? But it's not in my inventory! And I won't even go into the rest.. Frankly, I'd like my money back.."
76561198102254021,Recommended,293440,30678530,Posted: 22 March,all,hilariousjello,"An absolute delight.  Gorgeous, packed with areas to explore, and sporting an array of multifaceted items with uses both in and out of combat.  An easy recommendation to anyone who likes platformers or Zelda-likes (it's an obvious homage to Zelda 2).The difficulty can be a bit steep, and, as you'll see the other reviews here mention, you're often lost as to what's next.  The engine has some quirks, too (for me some sound effects appear and disappear from day to day).  But, if you're willing to work with a few rough edges, and not above glancing at a walkthrough occasionally, you'll be rewarded with a jewel of a game.  I'm playing through it a second time now, and I feel it's a real shame more people haven't heard of it.  So give it a try."
,Recommended,293440,25458030,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"If you liked kid icarus, or any metroidvania titles, or zelda II, you should play this - it's absolutely amazing. Polished, fun, and VERY good pacing.This game will obviously take from games from the past - but not in a cheap nostalgia sense - in a sense that it takes the best parts of a good dessert to make an absolutely perfect finished products. The sum of it's parts is much greater than some of the obvious inspiration.One of the most helpful reviews almost discouraged my purchase, and I'd like to address some of those points from the perspective of an absolutely ravenous consumer of metroidvania and platformer games.Experience loss on death does suck, a little bit. It sucks more, at first, but you'll NEVER have to grind. I spent 20 minutes grinding out levels early on, frustrated with a boss - nearly 3/4 of the way through the game, I was max level. You'll never, ever NEED to grind, and will hit max level through normal play. You also retain experience when you die and go back to a check point, so rather than as punishing as zelda II or many other games with death=reload, it's actually pretty nice unless you're trying to zerg your way through something. On death, you seem to lose about 10% of your XP towards the next level.I never at any point found a pit that didn't have some sort of visual hint that dropping down it offered rewards.In the same way, many of the other hidden areas are clearly marked - the walls are cracked, or the shadow stops at the entrance to the secret area, etc. Classic metroid tropes label almost all secrets, and you won't be forced to ever run into walls - your arrows won't stick to anything you can interact with or pass through, so if your arrow dissapears, investigate. This is only necessary if you don't have a very keen eye - I had no issue 100%ing this game over the course of... oh god, 28 hours in 3 days. You will be locked out of some areas, a lot in the beginning, but at no point did it♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, just made me wonder what would get me around that, I never felt stuck or frustrated that I couldn't advance through something.As for random activation abilities - some of them, like occasionally double health/magic collection, average out to be very helpful. Others, like half damage 30% of the time, I skipped entirely, as the earlier perk required to get health regen was far, far too unreliable. You won't be able to take all the perks - skip the ones that don't sound helpful.Some reviews were critical of items without descriptions - all items in the game are pretty obvious. Again, in following the metroid trope, every main item you get or usable item you get traps you in a room forcing you to use it to get out. Some of the very non-obvious ones, dash, and one other, had a tome describing how to use it near it.The only item that's really a mystery is the blue book, which is optional, and extremely hidden. Some folks think it makes you magic regen faster.The boss battles throughout the game were tough, especially the optional ones, but rarely frustrating - classicly difficult bosses that are well patterned, or well telegraphed makes it much, much less frustrating to deal with - pay attention to what you're looking at, the boss will tell you what it's going to do. The only really frustrating thing for me was that many of the optional bosses are very, very far from potion shops, and don't include a full heal save point, which just seemed mean - it's worth noting, try the boss several times before you take any of your potions, for your own sake and time.A lot of this review has been spent contrasting against other reviews - I have trouble seeing how anyone who's a great fan of the metroidvania genre could toss this aside - this game was absolutely, completely amazing end to end. I had so much fun figuring out every little puzzle, never feeling as challenged as La Mulana or Environmental Station Alpha left me to google up answers - and the puzzles constantly evolved from block puzzles to shadow puppet puzzles to an area of the game that was clearly just frogger. The way puzzles evolved throughout this game was a huge testament to what made all the zelda games so popular, and so absolutely perfectly executed.my only real criticism is that it started a little slow - it's hard to figure out exactly what you're doing. Just push forward, it'll come to you. (go right, not left, at the start) You have two hours before you have to decide to return it, so I'd heavily advise, unlike some negative reviews, you give it 90 minutes of good, hard playing and see how you feel.This game is a masterpiece, and again, if you like metroidvania games, you owe it to yourself to give this a fair shake - it's a brilliant game and long enough to feel absolutely worth the 9.99.Some final thoughts/spoilers/helpful tips -There are 3 endings, depending on your character karma. You can look it up if you want to aim for something, but usually it's pretty obvious what is good and not good. Don't rob people if you want to be good, you will overflow with money by the end of the game anyhow.The only not so obvious thing - A goddess will at some point ask you to turn back. turning back is good, and the only way to get a specific item. If you don't, this item is permanently lost. I wish the game had detailed this.At one point you will be in a cave and it will be all dark and shadowy, the whole foreground will be black. Don't light the torch in this cave or you cannot complete this little side area. These are the only really rough missable things that come up on the whole adventure, and neither is required to finish, but both are required for 100% item collection.Game keys are NOT remappable, but although I'm familiar with xpadder and have used it many times to compensate for bad keying, I loved the key layout in this game and didn't need to."
76561197970640078,Recommended,293440,30497240,Posted: 13 March,all,Sir Cormac,"Man, this is a tough one to give a thumbs up or down, and I'd say I'd give it 1.5 thumbs up, due to what could have been a truly amazing game that is held back by some curious decisions on the developers part, some of which could have been fixed by a week's worth of programming.Overall, the game is gorgeous, and the music is a good homage to the bit tunes of yesteryear. The gameplay is solid, with good 2D shooting action, and the level up system is very good and dynamic. The boss fights are fun and each one is different, and each area gives you a different feel, but now for the bad points.1. This game does not hold you hand, in the slightest. While hand-holding (I'm looking at you, Navi) is generally discouraged in games nowadays, I'd still like to know what the heck I am doing, or what a powerup does that I just got. Occasionally, the game will tell you, but othertimes it doesn't. I picked up this book atop a mountain that, after completing the game, I still have no clue what it does. Further, when the game starts, there's basically no cutscene or story, you just find yourself in a forest (more on this later) and have no idea what is going on. I went to the left, and before I knew it was on the overworld map, wandering around aimlessly. Eventually I went back and did the area, but this happens ALOT in this game. You'll explore and explore until you are blue in the face, only hitting wall after wall until you give up and look online where you are supposed to go next. Also, once, I went through this temple and afterwards it said a new area had opened for me in the East. Where? What area? A little cutscene or a show on the map would have helped tremendously. This game desperately needed an Exclamation point on the Overworld just to tell you where you can go next. All the great open world exploration games do this. Fallout 3, Zelda games, Skyrim...They all tell you where you can go next if you get bored or lost, but don't force you to go there. This is a simple feature that, if the developer makes a 2.0, I'd highly recommend.2. The leveling system: Now, before I said the leveling system was good in its inner workings, but in the way that you level, I feel it is broken. When you die, you lose a % of your XP earned on the current level. AND all the enemies respawn. There were many times where I was stuck in an area that I had gotten too deep into (got halfway through and got a save stone) and then realized I was over my head and tried to go back, only to die a bunch and lose a bunch of XP. Or, in tough dungeons, you will die alot to monsters and traps, and so halfway through the game I realized I had to go to the next area, and it was kicking my butt. So then I had to farm for XP. Luckily, I discovered an exploit in the mountains where you can grind a level for only a few minutes of grinding, but this should not have happened. Half the problem is that when you go to a save point, you only get half health and half magic. The original Metroid did not refill your health at save stations, and there is a reason no game has imitated it since. It either leads to boring grinding for health, or that you die alot. So when you die, these three things happen: 1. Lose some XP, 2. Enemies respawn, 3. Down to half health and half magic. This means that it is very easy to get into death cycles, and get behind in the XP game. My simple suggestion to the developer would be to simply eliminate the lose in XP AND to give full health at save stones. Or least create two difficulty settings, where the easier one did as I suggested.3. The story. Now, I love stories where you wake up and know nothing and it is slowly revealed to you who you are and why you are here. My favorite game of all time is System Shock 2, and it did this, but it needs to make sense, or at least have some story to start you out with. This game literally just starts. Bam. Time to play. That's ok, but it doesn't make sense from a story perspective, since, as it becomes revealed, you didn't have amnesia or anything, and thus should have known the story from the beginning. Now I am not opposed to telling the story over the course of the game to not bog-down the beginning, but something would have been nice. Some little cutscene, 20 seconds. Even Sonic 3 has a small cutscene at the beginning. Later, in dungeons, alot of the story is told in text while you are playing, and half the time I miss it, but it is so vague that it doesn't make sense until almost the end of the game. Again, my suggestion to the developer would be to add a simply 20 second cuscene at the beginning so that the player can get their bearings as to the general plot.4. The final boss fight: The final boss fight is probably the most boring slog of a boss fight you will ever face. Once you figure out his patterns, he is easy, but he has like 8 different attacks, and, if I understand correctly (looked at an walkthough online), you can only damage him on ONE of them. And they are totally random. You can go for 5 minutes not being able to attack him, and man does that get boring fast. And that one time her actually does the attack you can hurt him on, and you screw up and do no or little damage? Well, welcome to 5 more minutes of not being able to attack him. It...just...won't...end. It is also disappointing that, over the course of the game, you gain all of these spells, but only one of them actually does anything in the battle.  My suggestion to the developer is to change the random % that procs the attack you can actually damage him to 50%, or at least 25%, but it feels like right now it is somewhere between 5-10%, and that makes the battle drag on forever.5. A Warp System: This game deperately needed the ability to warp to and from locations. Sometimes, you get stuck in a place that is too tough for you, and you just want out, but you're stuck. A few key areas, containing portals, would have been awesome. One time, I climbed this tall mountain full of tough enemies and I finally ascended to find a strange building, and when I went to open it...It's locked, and I don't have the key. So now I have to scramble down the mountain, find the key, and go back up, AGAIN. If, by climbing, I had activated a portal, so that I would never need to climb again, not having the key would not have been so annoying as it was.So, after all of that, why do I recommend this game? Overall, the game was fun, but exceptionally frustrating at parts, and while some of the deeper game elements could be improved, my main gripes with the game where simple things, some of which would require very little effort to fix, and thus aren't deep-rooted problems. It's unfortunate these problems made it through playtesting. Thus my recommendation has an * attached. If you like this style of game, you will like Elliot Quest, but until these problems are resolved in 2.0, it will be annoying to play it."
,Recommended,293440,14111582,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,iddqd,Memorable experience with and interesting and basic artstyle. Controls work great with an Xbox One controller.
,Recommended,293440,15204112,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Toki: Going Ape Spit,Elliot Quest has reaffirmed my belief that there are people in this world who still know how to make video games. Imagine Zelda 2 without the flaws.
76561198135491752,Recommended,293440,13347570,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Baddudez,"Great game. If you like Zelda II old school, this is it.It's not too easy.It's not hand holding.You will die.You will level up like in Zelda II.Defininitely recommended for those that appreciate old school NES RPG. You won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,293440,13327531,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pibaxj,An awesome game. A metrovania 2D sidescrolling RPG action adventure inspired by Zelda 2. They did a fantastic job.
,Recommended,293440,15466384,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Wu_Shin,"Wish the quests and direction you had to go was more clearly defined. Once you understand the games story development logic and enjoy the style of game play of a side scroller and dungeon explorer this game is for you. A nice blend of somewhere between Kid Icarus, Metroid and Zelda. Good Job."
,Recommended,293440,13933617,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Evil Mr. Clean,Elliot Quest is a game I can't recommend enough for fans of the metroidvania genre.ProsA compelling world that encourages exploration outside the main quest and backtrackingAn visually enjoyable atmosphereConstant accumulation of skills and items keeps the game interestingLevel up system that allows the game to become progressively more approachable for those of us less skilledSolid gameplay mechanicsController supportThe development team seems intent on constantly improving the game and squashing bugsConsAreas of the game seemed sparse or unfinishedEven with all the side exploration and secondary bosses the game feels shortXP penalty for death discouraged exploration and led to mundane grinding at timesStoryline seemed derivativeNPC personalities and interactions were flatOne of my favorite games this year. Definitely going to try for 100% completion on this one!
,Recommended,293440,15339790,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,FELIX,"Basically Zelda 2 and Metroid had a baby, but the baby was really good looking, and long!(Why the hell are the cutscenes so fricking slow?! Why can't I skip ahead in the dialogue?!)"
