user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,293480,30656740,Posted: 21 March,all,Pity Pit,"Ah FRONTIERS, what a great idea for a game, what a huge amount of effort and what a sad state the project is in right now.Now look, I love the idea of FRONTIERS. Traveling around in a huge world with so many different things to explore, so many different towns to wander through and so many fantastic views that was waiting to be enjoyed by your big bright eyes. The game didnt rely on combat or leveling up, magic or anything like that (but FRONTIERS does have all of these things if you want to use them, the game just doesnt rely on you using them) which is sort of a big turn off for a big buncha people, but I loved the idea of it, I wanted to explore the ♥♥♥♥ out of FRONTIERS and uncover it's mysteries and also see if the game managed to pull through Early Access.Oh, wait. Early Access. Yeah that's one of FRONTIERS biggest problems, most people like to play their games in a finished, pristine and polished state. If an Early Access game takes too long people will usually start bashing it. Now usually this wont be a big deal towards the developers as they'll turn their cheek and continue to work on their ambitious games. But to Lars, FRONTIERS's main developer, it kind of is.Oh Lars, how ambitious you were back then when that Kickstarter succeeded, how starry eyed you were. Lars is and has always been FRONTIERS main developer, he has made mostly if not all of FRONTIERS. Now if you think about what FRONTIERS is, what engine it's running on(no offense I love Unity to death) and how many people that's working on it you KNOW that this game isn't exactly going to be leaving Early Access soon. The guy works almost 24/7 on FRONTIERS, the rest of his team from AAD Productions making other smaller games on the side.FRONTIERS hasnt been doing well and that's no good. The main problem here is that you'll probably be running the game at it's medium settings even if the game isn't exactly the most realistic looking game and nobody really likes that unless you can put up with it. The game will also be confusing to most players (including myself way back) and doesn't hold your hand at all, you will also be facing things such as: Weird NPCs walking about, strange and confusing trading and crafting systems in the game and the previously mentioned low framerate.But hold up! Before you decide to leave, hear me out. An update is coming soon, Lars has been working hard as hell on pulling it off but he actually managed to get FRONTIERS from Unity 4 (a very old and outdated version of Unity) to Unity 5.5 (the very newest version of Unity)!! What does this mean? Well, you'll hopefully be experiencing way better framerate, development will probably be a lot smoother for our good man Lars and FRONTIERS will overall be a better experience for people who are interested in supporting the development of FRONTIERS as well as play it's current state of being.You can say whatever you want about FRONTIERS, but I love this game. It's a project that has potential and is being worked very hard on, it simply doesnt desserve to be left behind in the mud. Help pull the game back up on it's feet again and encourage Lars to keep working towards finishing this beautiful dream project of his! Help him by giving feedback, tell your friends about it, writing bug reports and write a review for the game wether you like or hate it it's feedback and Lars needs it.If you read through this whole review then I thank you for your time :)Please consider supporting FRONTIERS."
76561197970491298,Recommended,293480,13418265,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Bloodyhell2,"First the positive. This game captures that wonderful essence of games from days gone by - it has that sense of wonder and really makes you want to explore the world and see what is out there. The graphics fall somewhere between Morrowind and Skyrim - certainly serviceable. I read another review that said the game is unplayable on mid-level machines. My PC is the embodiment of mid-level and it ran fine, although the frame rates need to be improved a bit - other wise I had no problems.Now for the downside. I know that this is a survival game but if I eat a loaf of bread, a sausage and a banana, should I really be  starting to get hungry less than five minutes later? Honestly, I don't mind foraging for food but in all these types of games, your character must be an insatiable, gluttonous hog-demon for all the food and water that they need. Also, by all appearances it seemed to be mild weather outside with people milling about, yet I am freezing to death in a matter of minutes and need to run to the fireplace to get warm again. There isn't a backpack or wheelbarrow big enough to get you a mile down the road for all of your ""needs"".  I hope that this gets tweaked - I'd like to see a survival game that actually let you explore for five minutes without your dashboard flashing red for some trivial thing that you took care of three minutes previously.That said, I am enjoying exploring the initial town and hope to be able to get outfitted to explore further. I'd recommend this game highly to anyone who misses that good old fashioned game that doesn't hold you by the hand and doesn't feel the need to knock you over the head with contant tutorial style gameplay. I really hope this game succeeds and wish there were more like it."
76561198006889979,Not Recommended,293480,28322551,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Pops,"Lars.  Lars.....Lars....LARS!   Frontiers is dead....DEAD.   Stop talking like there's ever going to be a functional game...because there isn't.   Stop with the business plan and charts and graphs and lawyer goobledy-gook.  When I see you writing about VR and see you in pictures with a VR set on your head....I know this game is dead.  You've moved on already in your heart.I recommend you let the game go and remove it from Steam.  It's actually been almost a year and you've done nothing major on it.  It languishes.  The game, and the excuses, make you look bad...even if your explanations are honestly given.  The absolute right thing to do is take it down so that noone else spends any of their money on it.Chalk this one up to a learning experience, Amigo, and let it go at that.  Now go forth and make better games!"
,Not Recommended,293480,26639567,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jov,"This should not still be for sale on Steam. It's essentially a dead Early Access product.The dev is still working on it half-heartedly, seemingly just out of obligation, but at this rate it will never be finished. The idea for this game is so great, and the dev seems like a nice guy. It's a tragic situation, really.Buy if you want to vote with your dollar, but don't expect something playable or expect it to be completed."
76561198066827911,Recommended,293480,14234500,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,gshinks,"A game like Frontiers is the reason Early Access exists--to give independant game developers the time, money, and resources to develop great tailored games at an affordable price without having to rely on compromising with the big name developers.  Unfortunately Early Access is riddled with so many games whose developers do not honor the implied code of the privelage they have been granted with infrequent updates, total lack of communication, and their own closed vision of a game that is not open to input from the community who paid to develop it.  Frontiers is not one of those games.This is an outstanding example of how an early access game should be.  The game, although buggy, is still enjoyable and playable.  This alone does not make this a great Early Access game; what does is that the developer is in CONSTANT contact with the community regarding what he is doing and asking for input with what he should do and he is fixing problems as fast as they are being discovered all-the-while continuing the development of the game.  This does not give due credit to a scripted story of great quality uncommon to not only independant developers, but the ""big-guys"" alike.  What also makes this a great game is a currently small active community of players who were excited about this game since it's Greenlight on Steam.  The majority recognize that this is a work in progress with a great foundation and a committed developer and are regularly submitting their bug reports in a helpful and professional manner--not ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning about how this game is nothing like Call of Duty.Though the balancing isn't quite there yet but I'm sure will be very soon (as the Developer has stated so and let nobody down yet), this is a unique game and the first of its very specific type to the genre--a successful hybrid adventure-survival game.  As this game develops into what it's potential dictates, it will wake the sleeping point-and-click adventure enthusiasts and reel in the survivalists.  Whatsmore, if the player is only interested in one of those aspects or even if they simply want to explore without the dangers of a true survival game, they are invited and able to do so.Whatever your interests are, Frontiers has something for you.  Well, actually, it's not like Candy Crush... F!@# that game."
,Recommended,293480,15555343,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,tworules,"A game that gets my enthusiasm juices running again.Fantastic what I have played so far (I walked out of the university building thingy lecturehall after the intro and fell into the unrendered village and got a bit...lost) Felt a pang of emotion having to tell characters they weren't cut out for the expedition, which instantly made me think that this game has huuuuuge potential.I love the RPG feel of the game without the spending numbers to invest in your anti-flame death to get screwed over by the pointy-spear death monster 2/3 of the way in and feel like you just wasted your life -_-. It captures the feeling of exploration in a kind of Jules-Verne Journey to the Centre of the Earth (or Atlantis' frankenstein amalgomation of the above and 20'000 leagues) kind of way and is very relaxing to wander the world and see what mysteries contront you.It's like the perfect blend of Morrowind meets Myst without the tedium of either.It is also refreshing to show off that games don't always have to be about maiming and slaughter. That is not to say there is no element of conflict or danger in the game, but it takes a very much backseat to emphesise the scope of the world and the people around you. It is a very vast project and I do have some reservations when it comes to early-access titles, that some devs bite off more than they can chew and end up releasing the game unfinished because of time, money or sheer boredom and begin working on a 4x Strategy instead.I can see there is a passion for the genre they are trying to encapsulate here and I am feeling enthusiastic about the project. As Darth Vader would say... it's a feeling I've not felt since....Keep up the phenominal work guys and I cannot wait for as many people to play this that it becomes a household name to go down along with games like The Elder Scrolls, Myst, Baulder's Gate and Minecraft."
,Recommended,293480,21404428,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mr Retro,"The game is really good as far as concept and being really fun and interesting. The bad stuff currently outweighs the good. So am I saying that you should not buy this? No thats not my verdict at this time. I say if you are a patient person and dont mind waiting a while for a polished experience and want to support the games development then buy now. The game is packed full of content and lots of areas to explore and systems to learn. Only problem with that is that half the time you have no idea where you are going or even why you are going there. This is mainly because of the map being bugged, buildings and towns dissappearing, yes thats right! locations gone and nothing there but good ol terrain. If you are lucky and the buildings are there then the quest item or person is missing. I have been playing this game for what feels like forever. I backed the game and been with it since the very first build was released. The game has improved over time but honestly I really dont think a game of this magnitude with only one person working on it can be finished without dropping some things in the game that are really not needed or just boring. I will give it to the developer, he has stuck with it and never once have I felt this guy is going to burn us and abandon the game."
76561198021308169,Recommended,293480,14210044,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Shovel Lover,"(I will update this review from time to time, as I make it further though the game.)Ever since I booted up Morrowind for the first time over a decade ago, I've been looking for a game to help me recapture that since of wonder and fulfillment I felt while exploring the island of Vvardenfell. I bought Frontiers hoping that it finally might be that game.I crashed shortly after finishing the Prologue.Well, that was mightily disappointing!But I'm still plugging away at the game, optimizing and prodding game settings until I can finally manage struggle past the post-prologue. Until then, I'll leave off by saying that this is one of the few games I've purchased since last year that has given me hope for another classic experience akin to the early Elder Scrolls games. cannot give the development team enough of my support and wish them the best in making this extremely ambitiously promising game!UPDATE!So I made it out the area immediately after the prologue! Hooray!!!Without spoiling the post-prologue region too much, I can tell you that already I am pleased with what I see. The environments of the game, even on lower graphics settings, still manage to inspire a tingle of excitement. You'll be treated to sweeping grasslands and sparkling seas, foreboding mountains and quaint, if slightly static, villages. Whenever I begin to wander, I am immediately reminded of when you first clambered out of that prison drainpipe in Oblivion. You are bluntly presented with the game world, which is both tantalizingly open and slightly intimidating. You are given a rough direction and a license to travel, but if you want to go off rails, you have complete freedom!Mechanically, the game rides comfortably in the ruts of previous survival crafting sim trailblazers like Minecraft, but with some very pleasing additions. You can move and interact with most objects in the game with the right mouse button or by pressing the 'use' button. Some objects and even NPC's have descriptions attached to them that either give some insight into your objectives or are just a morsel of humorous fluff that fleshes out the game and gives its sometimes worlds some additional character. While that itself is probably not too amazing, I was impressed by the amount of objects with which you can interact right at the start (Note: picking up entire cabinets/tables/crates of baked bread is possible, though not advised).You also have your basic survival meters of health, hunger, thirst, etc. Rather then plain bars that decrease over time, these needs are represent by icons that grow larger as your character's desire for them increases. Fulfilling these needs currently gives you a boost to certain stats and encourages you to make yourself as comfortable/prepared as possible before starting an arduous journey to parts unknown. I haven't investigated crafting very much, and will do so later on.Stylistically, the game actually reminds me a bit of the Thief series, albeit brighter, cheerier, and significantly less claustrophobic. Yes, that is a strange comparison, and I will do my best to elaborate. The NPCs, for one, remind me so strongly of the old character models from Thief that I have began mentally referring to anyone in the game wearing face paint as a 'woodsy one'. Mind you, this isn't a criticism! I loved the look of those angular puppet people back in the day, and the character models in Frontiers much more detailed than the taffers in Thief 2 ever were. The models in Arx Fatalis might also make for a good comparison. The game also toys around with the same pseudo-medieval/early modern vibe that Thief perfected. You carry around an oil lantern, but many rooms are also lit with torches or candles. Character wear sometimes robes and tunics. while they also don long-cuffed gloves and knee boots while no doubt searching around for their heavy, leather greatcoats. While there isn't yet quite as much world building as Thief yet, no doubt it isn't far in coming.To end this next installment succinctly, I'll just say that I still have shaken my strong sense of excitement for this game. I can't wait to dive back in as the builds get more stable and I can explore further!"
,Recommended,293480,14503395,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Smith7778,"The game has some serious bugs and grphic issues. Grass growing inside most buildings and seem to keep falling through walls and having to reload. Trying to complete a quest to give items to the uncles friends and have a seriously difficalt time locating them. Not sure if I just can't find them or if they are not loading, hard to tell since I only find about 6 different NPCs and all with the same 6 names. Princing of items is silly, A cool ring for 1 cent and a potato that cost 8000+ cents? lolThat being said....... IT IS BETA!The concept and model are awesome and once the bugs are worked out, this game will be epic, I have spent 6+ hours just getting a grasp of the beginning, can't imaging the hours of game-play when I start building skills and striving to explore the open world.If you want to play an awesome completed adventure..... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME....... YET!If you want to watch the growth of an EPIC GAME....... GET IT NOW!First look - AWESOMENESS IN PROGRESS!"
76561198068220519,Recommended,293480,13404739,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ApeShot,"Aside from not being able to get past the ""six months later"" area in the school (crashes), I really have enjoyed the first 40 minutes of play so far. The graphics are well done, character movement is smooth, and the music is flat out fantasy awsomeness. I'll give it a few more tries getting past the area that has been constantly crashing, and hopefully will succeed - I want to explore!So far I'd say 7/10.Edit*I have finnally gotten past the school. It seems it was the graphics settings that lagged the game to crash - was running everything maxed on desktop gtx 760, quad core i5, 8gb ram. Strange becasue I thought my computer would easily handle this game... Must need to be optimized better. Other than that I have been able to explore more so that is a good thing."
76561198021411774,Recommended,293480,13975064,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,setonix26,"The introduction text of this game seemed very interesting. A game like Daggerfall, which I played on DOS box, but after playing 2 hours, there are just soo many bugs in this game: items disappearing in the inventory, Books that you steal or barter don't even end up in the inventory. The world doesn't load all places and you simply sink through into nothingness. That part is very much like minecraft when digging through the bottom of the world.One of the houses has an elevator and 9 out of 10 times, it lifts right through the player and it doesn't take you up. NPC's don't fight back they simply die and when you want to take their stuff, you can somehow magically still barter with them. Be careful to follow the paths or you might end up in the part of the world that doesn't yet contain any trees or cities, which makes the game look empty.Ok I've revised my review. I will recommend it, since the game as a lot of potential, but just be aware that at the moment there are lots and lots of bugs. It will take them at least half a year to fix those before they should add new functionality. Hopefully the new programmer will do a lot of good."
76561198031946445,Recommended,293480,13464021,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GreatLordBigler,"This game is great even at start, the base of the content is ALL there. BUT this game isn't playable currently, i'd say wait at least a month before buy. I'd give this game a 10/10 when it's completed most likely. But at the moment 6/10, obviously you shouldn't mind my current rating because its still in Beta. The base of the game is all there and its pretty good. This game will be amazing when its completed. But again, I do not recommend currently buying it. But I am not going to give this game a thumbs down, I will give it a thumbs up for now even though I do no recommend to buy it currently."
,Recommended,293480,13437043,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,walkmandosch,"At the time of this review, I had not put a SINGLE minute into playing Frontiers. (A minimum of 5 minutes is required to write a review) However, I am giving it a thumbs up simply on the basis of pure honesty. You may be thinking I am crazy to do such a thing, but try to hear me out. I have been following the progress of this game for awhile now, so I can assure you that I have been sincerely interested in it since it was announced on Greenlight. But when I read a recent article about it, I was sold right then and there. The developer of Frontiers has publicly announced:""A lot of folks have told me: I'm buying this game for my kid/friend/spouse for Christmas, they love exploration games! And I say the same thing every time: DON'T!""""The only people who will love it are players who seek it out for themselves, because it's NOT FINISHED. Your kid/friend/spouse will just be annoyed with you. I'm proud of this game, and with everyone's help I believe it's going to be great - but it's not great yet, so in the meantime get your kid/friend/spouse Dragon Age or The Binding of Isaac or something, trust me.""I must say.... How REFRESHING. I am speaking from a position of having a very bitter taste of early access nightmares on my palate. Now you may be thinking that it's a genious marketing ploy using reverse psychology, but I find this to be doubtful considering this is major revenue the developer very well may be losing, especially during the Holiday Steam sale...a very opportune time to make some excellent dough. This takes guts. The game may have a long ways to go, but I believe this incredibly responsible attitude needs to be encouraged in a selfish new era of gaming where the end product is a often a deliberate farcry from an honest game players can enjoy. Here is the original article that sold me on this:http://kotaku.com/dev-on-steam-warns-do-not-buy-this-game-as-a-christmas-1671913955"
,Not Recommended,293480,25891663,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Docdra,"No updates, no communication whatsoever = no purchase for anyone reading this..."
,Recommended,293480,13403831,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,B-17:(,"Cannot recommend a game that i cant even play, have done the prolouge three times now only to get stuck on a loading screen when leaving the starting area.....Everything was fine just until that specific part i don't understand what the problem is buy hopefully it gets resolved.*******Edit after the fifth retry the game is now working correctly and i'm able to play it through, explore etc.... This is game is built for people who enjoy exploration, building/crafting items from scratch with a minecraft type system. I didn't reccommend this game at first becasue i simply could not play it but as of now i have changed my mind and i DO recommend this game, there is a lot of content for a 15$ price tag hopefully this review helps you figure out your deciosion of purchasing this title."
76561198006715206,Not Recommended,293480,25525095,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kerbox,"Progress is down to a standstill, I might change my review in the future if there is significant progress made for the better."
76561198095238422,Recommended,293480,13413004,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PsychoticTeddy,"This game was a bit confusing at first, but after 30 mins of gametime i learned most of the mechanics and i must say i was immersed into the game's enviroment almost immediately. That said, this is still a early access game and thus is obviously prone to bugs and glitches, but surprisingly i didn't notice that many. This game has alot of potential and it will definatly go far if the developer sticks to it and updates it regularly, but before you consider buying the game, look up reviews and gameplay vids to see if you think it is worth a buy in its current state."
,Not Recommended,293480,29755564,Posted: 6 February,all,A nub,"I can't reccomend the game, and for many reasons. For starters, the game is dead, no more updates, the developer use to be updating this game 24/7, but as soon as the game got bigger, the game got more difficult to continue. Another reason why I can't reccomend this game is because the game is not optimized, the game is so poorly optimized that if you set it to the lowest graphics, your still going to experience lag, which I find ridiculous. If this game was optimized, I probably would have leaned toward a yes for a review, potentially because the game does have a lot of content, the poor optimization just makes this game impossible to give a good review.  4/10 for me, if the developer ever optimizes, I will consider in changing my review."
76561198027836952,Recommended,293480,20933996,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Aleluia,"Games fun! looking not to bad so far, i really love the ideas and theme of it, found a bug with the cache under the tree it glitches and doesnt let you complete the quest.Found some other minor ones but those dont really matter all to much right now. I like the game so far, keep it up!"
,Recommended,293480,14729485,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,WillyMcBride,"They have made adjustments to the game which now make it playable. The negative is that all of the trees look the same (The trees were what was causing the FPS drop.) But it really does not matter. The game is lovely and fun, and i'm suprised that the developers have accomplished what they have with Unity!! A few things need some work: like the animations for weapons, adding in some arms to make it look like the items arn't just floating in front of you, saves not working, ect.All together as it stands i would give the game a 6.5/10I would still recommend waiting for it to be fully optomized and hold all the features it should!"
,Recommended,293480,24956989,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Merlin,"My First Impressions and 53minutes of Gameplay:Game looks like it can be fun, if you do the whole Role Playing and just let yourself merge into the game and take your time, reading everything, looking and exploring all items in the room before you leave to the next room. The Skills that you have to aquire and level of detail makes this a great game.Suggestions to the Creator of the game.I would definitely add in these to make this a top notch game probably even better than skyrim if it's done right:1.Voices to every Dialogue/interaction with people (there is lots of reading)/ although it does not deter me away from the game, this might be a major turn off for other gamers who don't have big screens or enough patience or good readin skills, it would be wise to add voices, not even necessarily moving lips to it, but good RP games have good voice overs. Heck im sure people you know would even be willing to do it for free.2.NPC movement (not just circling around) or at least add line of sight, so you are not always being spotted during a murder or theft, the constant ""don't bother me now"" dialogue is a bit excessive.3.NPC features: they go to sleep when it's late, shift rotations, (this allows for thievery to be more exciting and even just exploring)4.Shadow Meter:  it would be nice to have a visibility system and noise  to give it that real world i can choose my own path effect.5.Lockpicking Skills6.Music: needs to be more medieval/villagy feel at times7.Graphics: this is always the hardest part and time consuming and takes lot of resources ($$) to run it, but going little more into the detail of faces and character creation would be nice.While i understand the early access idea is to generate the income necessary to make it all work, there are several things that you have in this game that can be optimized already, especially the list i made above. I believe this could be the ultimate game, but waiting too long can also thwart any plans of it.I am looking forward to more gameplay and I hope you consider these mechanics into the game."
,Recommended,293480,30657332,Posted: 21 March,all,qptain Nemo,"Seems to live up to its core ideal. Freedom to roam around wherever you want and set things on fire, even if you're currently sitting on them, just like grandma used to make it. Very much looking forward to the final release.Seriously though, this is an early access game, it's rough around the edges, it misses content and mechanics might not be spot on, the performance might not be quite optimal, but the magic of free exploration is what it gets right. The ability to pick a direction and just head there at any point is definitely there and it's satisfying. It might not sport the last gen graphics, but the aesthetics are very pleasant and it's full of nice details. The world is very vibrant, it looks pretty and it feels alive. Which is kinda the things you tend to care about in an open world exploration game. So yeah, we don't know if this game will live up to all of its ambitions but I every time I launch it I end doing the same thing: aimlessly wandering around, gazing at sights and seeing what's over the next hill, which is already pretty satisfying. That is not by any means the limit of what this game aims to offer, but that's what pulls me in."
76561198001762742,Not Recommended,293480,29305550,Posted: 16 January,all,Ranja123,"Dead game, no updates and lots of flowery promises with no action. There is potential but competing projects make this an impossible task yet dev asks for more money...Don't buy into the promises, the results arent there to prove Lars is trustwothy of any further fundinggg"
,Not Recommended,293480,25533012,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lord Nefarius,"This game is dead long time ago. No more updates, not even on the forum, since last year. don't waste your money in this ""early access trap"" because is just a money trap."
76561198094270424,Recommended,293480,16072325,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,МихаилZ,It will be great game!  I cant wait release date.Thanks to developers for Linux support!
76561198007301981,Recommended,293480,14071900,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Serkas,"IMPORTANT: This review is based on my expectations on the game and the early build thats out for the time being, as I like those kind of games and have  high hopes for this one. If you are looking for something to start playing right away, don't buy this yet, as it will take quite some time till it is finished.Pro:-Solid, colourfull artstyle that fits the fantasy-like setting of the world-Interessting landscapes to explore-A lot of interaction with the enviroment (you can litteraly take every object that is standing around, rearrange furniture and gather ressources-Many nice features of sandbox and RPG games in one package (learning-by-doing skills, plants to experiment with and alchemy, crafting, bartering and stealing etc.)-a unique world setting-not only basic needs like hunger and thirst but also temperature, endurance and diffrent damage types-civilitation system: being in a town or near civilization gives you buffs and encourages you to build camps to have those boosts in the wilderness too, or you will suffer from cold/heat and danger in the wildsCons:-many features not or semi-implemented as expected of a beta-no real response of the NPC's to your actions (stealing, murder, reputation)-crafting only has a few recipes-a lot of bugs and glitches (clipping, camera, the second city has a road that ends in some kind of garden area, if you drop down from it you are trapped, as the road is a floating 2D platform above ground ad you can't get back up, etc)-the sandbox and RPG elements seem to hinder each other sometimes (more info below)-no tutorial yet to explain key bindings and mechanics-graphic details are very low, especially NPC's, faces, animations and enviroments need a lot of work-very clunky interface, inventory managment is a chore, and mouse movement seems buggy in menus, especially the menus for Quests/Logs and skills are unintuitive and hard to navigate through or find information in them-world and story are quite short to this dateThe civilization aspect is a really good idea: It gives you this feeling of an explorer, that conquers the unknown and sets up an outpost to bring the comforts of home with him. This makes building a proper, fleshed out base a worthy goal, rather then just carrying a bed with you to sleep through the night in minecraft-style.I really could see me enjoy the story, if it would lead me directly into adventure, but the current quests are more a standart RPG approach from the book of roleplaying 1O1. They have quite a nice touch to them, but they are boring if you aren't into this kind of imerrsion right at the start of the game.The game has definetly a lot of potential, but it also needs a lot of time, maybe a half year or more, untill it will be enjoyable. And it would be very nice, when there will be a more survival focused start to the game, that seems to be in the works. The mixture of the genres is quite new and interresting, but the devs will need to balance the elements out some more or give players the decision to play either a explorer in the wilds or roleplay as a hero, because right now those two parts kind of split the fun, as you have to quest a lot without any hints when the survival and adventuring will start. Of course you could just run of into the nearest forest to set up a tent, but this just makes me feel like a kid that imagines to be a pioneer instead of actually BEING a pioneer.But I'm sure that the devs will find a way to combine the genres and as it seems now, there will also be a free sandbox mode to play your own way in the future. I just hope that progress and update will be coming in frequently, since news are the best way to keep this game alive."
76561198050929555,Recommended,293480,14628687,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bud598,"I just started playing this game and it really reminds me of minecraft (without being another clone, dont take it that way) with the elder scrolls series. There is so much detail put into this game and a great customization and crafting system. There is also a huge map to explore with lots of lore."
,Recommended,293480,14367525,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Rune,This game appears to have a lot of potential. However it still needs a lot of work especially with the controls. I would recomend waiting for it to get out of early access as I suspect once they fix up some of the early issues this will be a fun game.
,Recommended,293480,15332711,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Axon,"I'm a friend of Lars Simkins (The Dev) and he is an awesome dev, he constantly puts out new patches and hotfixes he is an amazing developer please support him he has put years of work and hundreds of hours creating this amazing game."
,Recommended,293480,31368598,Posted: 25 April,all,Torso With Eyes,"I bought this game years ago, and its been utterly unplayable since the day I bought it, completely broken with no way to really progress. So why am I recommending it?Essentially, I just really respect what the developer was trying to do here. He made the sort of ambitious game that, in an age of nostalgia-bait 2D platformers and terrible Unity FPS games, is utterly refreshing. Its the sort of game every developer wants to make, but none have the drive to do. Its big, its beautiful even despite the game breaking glitches, and while I'll never be able to experience any of this game, somehow or another I can't bear to uninstall it, and am wishing to try again as I type this. It reminds me of the days of the days of games like Braid, Fez and Dust, games made by a small team with a lot of ambition.TL;DR this game is a broken, unplayable mess, but it makes me nostalgic and somehow or another I have faith in the developer.Rating: if you have 15 bucks its worth a look, I think"
76561197993329462,Not Recommended,293480,32857416,Posted: 27 June,all,Theneoseraphim,"This is a broken hot mess that will never be fixed or finished, avoid like the plague."
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,293480,16691376,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zeph Grey,"I want to love this game, I really do.  The concept is great, the dev is passionate and invested in making it......but it's a hot mess.It's loaded with game breaking bugs, AI pathfinding issues, the controls feel swimmy and loose, the menus are confusing and hard to navigate, combat is servicable at best.It really feels like the dev should have started with a smalled area, gotten the engine hammered out and functional, then worried about story and content after.  As it stands, it's pretty unplayable, and despite several updates, not much ever really changes.Getting the world working should be the priority before deciding how players should buy things.All in all, worth a follow, and maybe a causious purchase to support the dev as he really does seem dedicated to making his game happen, but if you're looking for something to play, you may want to hold off.  Can't recommend it for now, but will keep checking back on it."
,Recommended,293480,30982961,Posted: 6 April,all,fiftydwarves,"I remember the first game of my childhood - it was Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, a faintly primitive arcade with linear design, and nothing special in any aspect, except, well, for the sense of magic and wonder it brought. Partly because it was my first game. Partly because it was about magic after all.It's been years since then, and a lot of games. Well-written games. Interesting games. When I launched Harry Potter not so long ago, out of pure nostalgia, I regretted - not everything ages well, and some impressions are better kept where they are now - in the memory. But when I launched FRONTIERS, some of that sense of wonder and magic came back.It's a well-written and interesting game. It's very raw, yes, but even in its current state it's capable of intriguing and entertaining. It's well-written. It has a lot of nice concepts. And most importantly, it's fun. Can't wait for it to get released fully. Did I mention it's well-written, though? Can't stress it enough.(Will be updated)."
76561198043574296,Recommended,293480,33062532,Posted: 30 June,all,Lyndari,"I've been following this game for years and love the main dev on it as he is trying to make an outstanding game mainly by himself.  I give him serious props for that.  Yes, the game is probably in too early of stages to be on Steam (like how I strugged to figure out how my inventory worked), but it still works just as well.  At the moment, it is mainly a walking simulator, but has awesome graphics (aside from the character models) and has so much potential.  I will be continuing to support this game and am super excited to see what the dev comes up with next.  Just give it a chance.  If you expect a polished game, then put it on your wishlist and buy later, otherwise, I strongly recommend it."
76561197976516861,Recommended,293480,15286980,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Morhaugn,"1. Set falling damage to 'Realistic' during setup2. Logged in, started in a tent3. Pressed 'spacebar' to jump 1 foot in the air and broke both legs when I landed4. Started over and set falling damage to 'Forgiving'5. Logged in, started in same tent6. Pressed 'spacebar' to jump - successful.10/10"
,Recommended,293480,14510366,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SirNiloc,"Went throught the first camp/tutorial. Ended up in a University. Talked to my professor bought a magic light. Made a bench float, sat on said bench, lit it on fire proceeded to run at lightspeed around the world eventually dying.10/10"
76561197973299468,Recommended,293480,16147580,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mentalkase,Considering the (very) small team working on this game it's a mighty achievement. Soon as the majority of bugs are ironed out I plan on delving into it for a long time.
76561198148676717,Not Recommended,293480,18373191,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Vinnie Mack,"i am not going to do a full review of this game. My 14 minutes of game play wouldn't warrent such. However, i will give you my impressions of the game. Thankfully, it looks like i will get a refund. If you want to try it, keep the refund policy in mind (14 days after purchase, less than 2 hours of play). And this is early access. I knew that buying it, but didn't want to take a $15 hit for a game that did not live up to its bold vision.3 good2 average1 badgenre: 2open world sandbox. My actual game play time was almost 2 hours, so i did see some of the world. It is open. You can wander off in any direction you want. That is good.character, customization: 1 and 1/2you have very limited choice in what your character looks like, and it wouldn't matter anyways since it is in first person view. There really aren't classes. Not bad. Means you can play and develop your character as you want. Can play as male or female. i believe there are skills or a perk system you can choose from. This part was passable.story, mission, relevance: ?gameworld: 1It claimed to be a throwback to Morrowwind, but the game reminded me of Morrowwind in no way, shape, or form. didn't see much of it. There are towns with npcs you can interact with, in a very limited way. Doesn't seem to be any wildlife in the world. At least not in the first portion of it. Nothing spectacular stood out to me, other than how incredibly ugly and distorted the npcs looked, and how generic the village environment looked. Generic at best. The reviews said it was a big and wonderful world to explore. Didn't get much of a chance to do that. What i saw was not wonderful.innovation: 2it has some good ideas that it has borrowed from other games. Nothing wrong with that. It wants to be a survival game and has stats for hunger, thirst, and rest. It wants to be a mining game. I never got to that part. It wants to be a crafting game. Didn't get to that either. And it wants to be an exploration game. It failed miserably in this respect. The game talks big and dreams big. I applaud that. It just isn't there yet.mechanics, combat, saves: 1/2for me, the only thing that would have made this game worse in this category is if it did not load at all. It loads, but it takes longer to load than my Skyrim game on the PS3 console. Once it loads, you get to the character development screen, and this was pleasant and kind of inspiring. It gives you hope that maybe it was worth the wait. Not so. As i said, the game world looks generic.I am not one of those gamers that needs a game world to look pretty as long as plays pretty, but it plays ugly. The controls are upside down. To interact with the world, you have to have things positioned perfectly. The NPCs don't seem real. And when you go out to explore, you are moving at a mind-numbing 5 to 10 fps. And that lag is the reason i requested a refund. I can not play a laggy game. I have read full pages of books and turned them faster than my first person blob moved. As for combat, the game doesn't want to be a COD stepchild, so it isn't in the front end of the game. That means i do not know anything about the combat.Not all was negative, though. The game lets you save anywhere, just as long as you have the time to wait for it to finish. The user interface that stretches out at the bottom of the screen looks nice. And it seems to give a lot of useful survival information. I think it is useful. I don't think hovering the mouse over the interface tells you what the symbols represent.replayability: ?uniqueness: 2it is true to its claims: it is an open world exploration game with survival elements add in. I wanted a game like this and knew this was what i was getting.graphics: 1the wilderness doesn't look bad. The village is mediocre. The npcs are horrible. Worse than unmodded Morrowwind. Meaning, this game would have looked bad even back when Morrowwind came out. But i have no issue with this. I played and loved Daggerfall, which had god-aweful graphics. I am currently playing Darklands, which makes Daggerfall look like Witcher 3. No one would have bought this game based on the graphics, including myself.10 out of 27 or 37%. If we rate the game minus the two sections i was unable to explore, it gets a little better rating: 10 out of 21 or 47%.i guess i lied. I did do a full review. Before doing this review, i went to the game's forum and looked at some of the posts. One of the gamers had a lag problem that he was able to fix by doing some sort of fix to some sort of file. Didn't understand how he did it. So there might be a fix for the lag. As for the developer, he seems to do regular updates and is very responsive to feedback. Which makes me kind of sad that i can't approve his game at this time. If he gets everything figured out, or gets an understandable fix to the lag problem, he will have a fun but ugly exploration, crafting, survival game. When it is fun, i will not care about the graphics. And maybe i will buy it again at that time. For now, i have to get my refund so i can try out another exploration game that i passed up to play this one.Conclusion: has potential, has lag. If you try it, make sure to not mess up your refund."
76561198062114294,Not Recommended,293480,15411526,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,joakof,"Nothing works, for real.WAIT A YEAR AT LEAST.Almost everything it's buggy or incomplete, got potential, but it's wayyyyy to early.The first task is going to your home, but there is no way to get there unless you see it on the youtube gameplays of others. I really try to put some love into this, but there is no way."
76561198060763780,Recommended,293480,15073738,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,belaviaair,"Very good game of you like questing like World of warcraft this is kind of the same, but it a whole different look graphics wise, so far its been an adventure game with quests. Some fps issues but that should be fixed in the future. Worth the money for sure...."
,Recommended,293480,30700248,Posted: 24 March,all,Sempras,I was an original Kickstarter backer and recently found this game on Steam again after a long period of time. I'm absolutely in love with the game and hope that the development continues to make it even more awesome.
76561198061612382,Recommended,293480,13901743,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Capt.Nico,"Beutiful game, great soundtrack, a few bugs. overall 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,293480,17546024,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,YUMYUM,aside from all the potato faced monsters (the ai) this game is pretty awsome.can't wait to see it when its finished!
,Not Recommended,293480,13964182,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ghulthos,"I'll try to make this as brief and accurate as possible. I will try and highlight what little the game has to offer if anything and the seemingly insurmountable amount of work that will need to go into this game before being a legitmate title worth money.Pros:-Landscape is massive.-Fast traveling is useful to go back and forth.-As of now death is impossible.Cons:-Death is impossible to achieve.-Npc's will not attack you no matter how hard you try or how many people you murder in front of them.-Bought every item in the game for under 20 gold. (I seemingly started with over 150 gold.)-Upon reaching one of the six wonders of the world I was delighted to see that absolutely nothing was there and that the whole are in general was not even complete as most of the enviroment was floating in mid air.-The game's formatting is among the worst in recent time. Your computer will not be able to run this game properly no matter what GPU you have. i.e. NVIDIA, AMD.-Aimless exploration that offers no satisfaction or reward.-You have the ability to equip over 15 items on your person however no items have any stats or weight or for that matter any characterisics what so ever.-No customization or ability to see your character from third person.-Almost every interaction is bugged.I'm going to cut myself short on this con list of mine because there is no limit to the problems this game has at this time.. All I can say is that I am very disappointed in what I thought would be a promising game, and I feel mislead by the advertisment around this game. All the features you see in the trailer are either yet to be put in game or just not realized. This game has a lot of potential I will give it that, but until you can run the game at 30 fps this game literally has nothing to offer. Slow choppy animation, horrible graphics, consistant game crashes and I would be hard pressed to honestly tell you any actual piece of content this game has to offer. STAY AWAY FOR AT LEAST A YEAR. The developers have a lot of work ahead of them if they actually want to complete this project, but in my opinion based off most early access games this will be another incomplete garbage cash grab."
76561198040900493,Recommended,293480,13424020,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Moose man,I got a list with stuff to do.- Reallifesimulator 201411/10
76561198016638391,Not Recommended,293480,24916671,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,LittleCookie(aka WIZZ),PLEASE DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME!!!  IT WILL NEVER BE FINISHED AND SUCKS THE WAY IT IS NOW. THE DEVS ARE GONE.  THEY WERE TOO SLOW ANYWAY. TOO BAD WE THAT HELPED PAY FOR IT CAN'T GET OUR MONEY BACK. OH WELL...SCREWED AGAIN  :/
76561197984600843,Not Recommended,293480,33150006,Posted: 2 July,all,TheStifmeister,"Will probably never be released as a ""finished"" game. NOT approved by the Stifmeister."
76561198145424372,Not Recommended,293480,16862072,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,OFTHEMIND,"Too many Load screens, too much reading, too much waiting.buying a game for what it could potentially become is a marketing ploy , i buy a game for what is at the moment."
,Not Recommended,293480,13416042,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Marybelle,"Might be worth something one day but it's too buggy to recommend right away, sadly. This is still too early in early access.Here's some gameplay footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P89b1fX76IA"
76561198158231173,Not Recommended,293480,30112193,Posted: 22 February,all,Johnyy Fourthest Twenty,♥♥♥♥ this game id rather eat a handfull of rusty nails then to ever install this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on my harddrive again.
76561198034300207,Not Recommended,293480,15109869,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,corn5euro,"Thumbs-up from me, concept and potential are great.Yet at this point there are too many issues  though (graphics, GUI, performance, everything :) )being a smart♥♥♥♥♥ i give my humble advice to keep an eye on the following:- Interface: the amount of functions, items and options is going to be vast. keep the menus accessible. e.g. not only give hints what to do with an item, but also quick access functions for things you are about to do very often (example: dont make it necessary to open a menu and click around when you want to eat or fill yout water bottle). Always hide options that are unnecessary in a given situation (crafting menu is horrib...erm... difficult ;) )- mood: the great open-world titles are so good because their teams had the capability and resources to spend months of development on millions of tiny details that make the world alive.  i know speech, sounds and all cannot be finished at this point but theres much to consider: npc activity, pc-character animations, ""unnecessary"" social interactions, tiny animals, wind, ..., ...- balance rpg vs. crafting: i suspect many folks expect a skyrim with way more interaction possibilities. dont get lost in crafting only and keep an exciting  character development in mind. for some social, stealth or combat skills are equally important in an open world that feels real.i'll keep watching :)"
