user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,293520,16028831,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Poet,"As a throwback to the original Carnivores games, this does that series great justice in improving the graphics and overall game mechanics.However, if you're going to compare this game to theHunter: Primal, which most people will do, then there are some things in this game done better and some things done worse. That will always be the case. This game plays MUCH easier than theHunter: Primal since you're not scavenging for weapons and ammo and not being eaten by an OP t.rex after 5 hours of playing. You can literally jump right in and start hunting - taking down dinosaurs with as little as a single hit. Arcade-like feel? The perks you can upgrade are much more limited than in Primal, but satisfyingly easy to get.As far as graphics are concerned, this has a lot better shaders than I thought it would have had (from early screenshots and video), though the textures and models of dinosaurs and the terrain do need to be polished... a lot. Still not as bad as the stuff  you see in a game like Beasts of Prey though. I also love the fact that you can visit different islands and areas to get different terrain, for example visiting a calm beach or a dense forest.Overall, when it costs as little as it does compared to similar dinosaur hunting titles, you'll have fun with it."
,Recommended,293520,16034496,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Shipwreck,"A great remake to a classic game.Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn, does most things right, and only a few wrong.Pros:Wide Variety of maps.Easy to pick up.Fun if you like dinosaurs.Cons:Wish there were more dinosaurs, there are a few, but there could be more...Game gets a little tedious at times, but not too bad.Overall:A great remake of one of my favorite games. I'd even by DLC for more dinosaurs/maps/etc. (I rarely do this with most games)I recommend this game completely."
,Not Recommended,293520,20353782,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ooMIGIToo,"What can I say about Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn? Well having come from playing the first Carnivores back in 1998 a lot has changed.The game looks great! The animations are well done, even though minimal, and the levels are vast open worlds with bits of lakes here or there that dinos like to hang around. Sometimes you find a mutated dino and it looks cool! That’s about it for the pros.As for the cons of the game, let’s just start with the AI mapping. Seriously the dinos running away from you when you get spotted is hilarious! Not in a good way mind you. The dinos constantly running into trees and rock and random bits of debris can cause the hunting to slow down and it doesn’t happen just once. All the time. Especially when you are hunting the Mighty and Fierce T-REX!!! This would be scary if he didn’t bump into all the trees, rocks, and random bits of debris everywhere. You can also just jump on a rock, call in the T-rex, and snipe him with the .50 Cal. This is another problem I have. The weaponry. How is a crossbow more powerful than a .50 caliber rifle? How come when I max out the .50 Cal for max damage and hit a T-rex, or most dinosaurs for that part, in the heart they don’t always collapse instantly? How come I can’t hit the dino in the head and cause severe brain damage? Maybe I’m being too nitpicky here. Moving on. The Mutant Dinosaurs was a cool idea, but I feel it should have been implemented as a different level of danger and appearance. I shouldn’t look through my binoculars and not get a reading of what it is, because it looks slightly different. I shouldn’t call for it and it not respond to my call.Let’s talk about the lack of content. Can we please get some different weapons? Can we please get more dinos? Can we please get more levels and not just 3 levels with different lighting and fog. If anything make the level with RNG fog and different times of the day or even let you pick when to start the hunt. What about a challenge mode? Anything to draw out the life of the game!I think the game could have been so much more, but I honestly enjoy the first game way more. It was a challenge. T-rex could only be killed with a shot to the eye. And if you missed you didn’t get another chance. That is why they called it the big hunt. I also remember sitting forever calling in dinos getting them to come within sight and they would just run off if they caught your scent. That doesn’t happen in this game.Working with what we have I would rate this game a 5/10. The elements are there, but needs a lot better execution."
76561198000485799,Recommended,293520,16029441,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,malavolpe,"The Good:Easy hunting game playA good assortment of weapons and unlocksNice diverse enviromentsEDIT: Rare Mutant Dinosaurs that add more challenge and incentive to keep hunting.The meh:Not enough dinosaur species (Raptors are weirdly absent)The scary:Still need to  shoot T-Rex in the eye -.-Overall the game is well worth its 15 dollar asking price.EDIT: Comparing to Carnivores 2, not theHunter: Primal."
,Not Recommended,293520,16043096,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sir Russianlot,"Carnivores 2 and Carnivores: Ice Age was the first games I got on my PC back in the day, and I played them to death. I even got my original copies somewhere...I even got mobile versions of both games on my android phone and play them from time to time. Those versions are actually superior to PC, since they both run extremely well and got some new creatures thrown in for free (18 in mobile version as of time of writing this review compared to PCs 9).So how does this hold up?P.S. For short version, see TL;DR/ Conclusion at the endP.P.S. Many people will probably compare this to theHunter: Primal, but I haven't played that so only comprarison you'll see here will be with previous games in Carnivores series.Starting with positives:1.Even though it's a port of PS3 version, it runs well on PC. I tried it on both a hi tech Alienware PC at my friends house and my 6 year old scrapheap, and didn't experience anything wrong with this game whatsoever. Settings are a little bit limited, but decreasing LOD and turning off advanced grass will make it run even on laptop without any hickups.2.Graphics, while nothing amazing like Skyrim or Witcher, still look pretty well, even on lower settings. There are some neat effects here and there, and if you're observant you can even track a dino by following his footsteps and blood trails, which is awesome.3.Sound design is pretty good. There are some great ambient sounds and one time, I almost started swatting at a fly which I thought was flying close to my ear even though it was in game. Believe me, it was that realistic.Dinos also make different growls and sounds and even though Stegosaurus sounds like a bear, which I personally find a little bit silly, it works when you are trying to locate a specific dino by sound.4.Animations on dinosaurs are pretty good and their movement feels natural. Watching Ankylosaurus in his defensive position, stomping and hitting his tail club on the ground was extremely awesome.5.Speaking of dinosaurs, they look way better and are more ""up to date"" compared to mobile and and prequel counterparts. Don't get me wrong, those dinos weren't plain bad, but a lot of things has changed in the field of paleontology and some things like size and looks are a bit outdated. Ceratosaurus for example, is bigger than Spinosaurus, which is just plain wrong.Devs probably didn't do their research properly or got something of it wrong, but they sure did it right this time, and it shows.6.There is a ""progression"" system of sorts, where you can spend diamonds on upgrading your guns, player and Gadget. I say ""progression"" since upgrades are not permanent, and points can be taken away from one upgrade and be used on something else instead at any time or liking.7.Shooting mechanics have been improved, and now, if you're skilled or lucky enough you can one shot dinosaurs if you aim at their weak spots, which will award you with more diamonds and better rating. Weak spots vary but with a little practice or with a help of one specific perk, you'll be be on top of things very quickly.8.This game is also pretty cheap, NOT in early access, and support with more dinosaurs is already planned which is always nice.Unfortunately this is where the positives end and facepalming begins:1.First things first, there are only 6 dinosaurs to hunt...Yes, you read it right, 6 dinosaurs. That was the biggest disappointment IMHO since, as I said before, mobile version has 18(!) completely different dinos to hunt. They really couldn't add more dinos?2.There is also fewer weapons this time around.Previous games had 6 (Pistol, 2 types of stotguns, 2 types of Rifles and Xbow) but this game only has 3 (4 counting Revolver sidearm perk). You could also carry all 6 if you could afford it, so why isn't it possible here? Your could go for a ""realism"" argument, but personally, I would like the option to be at least available.3.AI on dinosaurs is pretty random as well, and feels like a downgrade compared to prequels.When it works it looks great and all that, times when they manage to get stuck between  2 trees and rocks, are just... bad.One time, this Stegosaurus I was hunting got stuck in a rock and when I got closer, managed to go through it and with some struggle, out on the other side. While I watched this ""rebirth"" my lower jaw almost hit the floor.Sure, it doesn't happen too often, but when it does, it kinda ruins the immersion... COMPLETELY.4.Their reaction to gunfire is also pretty random.In prequels herbivores ran away like maniacs when they heard gunshots while carnivores looked at it like a dinner bell running up to you and chewing your face.In this game however, Herbivores usually don't care if their mate is shot in front of them or close by, unless shot themselves. Carnivores are a little bit less relentless, which is a little bit disappointing.5.Levels themselves while big, are still smaller and less varied compared to prequels. Some of them are also covered in this weird fog, which in turn makes hunting dinosaurs more frustrating than everything else, since you can't see them 90% of the time.One thing that I also found annoying personally was that some maps doesn't feature all dinosaurs. For example, default map only features Stegosaurus and Ankylosaurus and nothing else. Want to hunt ALL dinosaurs on your favourite map? Can't do that! Must choose last map available!My only questing to this is WHY?! In previous games you could hunt any dinosaur on any map, so why this feature is unavailable in this game is just bizarre.TL;DR and/or conclusion:Recommending this game is hard. With every step it takes in the right direction, it also takes a step back and if feels disappointing.I like the new visuals, updated dinosaurs, sounds, upgrades and other new features but unfortunately, mobile version has 3 times the dinosaurs, double the weapons and environments are more varied and interesting.I was really looking forward to this release of the game, but after 6-7 hours in this game, I had basically unlocked and upgraded everything this game had on offer and hunted all the dinosaurs, which is kinda disappointing compared to amount of hours I used on completing mobile versions.I'll probably recommend this games to the long time fans of the series, but new arrivals will probably be disappointed and bored fairly quickly with the amount of content available at the moment.I'll update this review as the game gets updated with more content etc."
76561198157376258,Not Recommended,293520,32065206,Posted: 30 May,all,artspiegelman,"This game is fun to play in the first few hours, but I get bored as soon as I`ve collected eveything. Also, this game haven`t changed a bit since 2015. They really should make a big update. I wish to see more dinos, include those who were living in the sea and the sky. I`m tired to see only 3 kinds of maps, I want to see more terrains and weathers, like the storm, cliff, ocean... I also wish to use more weapons. There should also be other game modes, even online modes.All in all, this game has potential, but the game is currently not as good as it can be."
,Recommended,293520,17665112,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,The Dapper Allosaur,"Man, this game shocked me. Being a big and supporting fan of the carnivores series, ive played all the carnivores games, except this one for the PS3. I never saw this one, but wanted it sooooo badly. I had no idea what it was like, but then this appeared on steam and i was shocked. This game is brilliant, the great AI, superb optimization, stunning graphics and amazing models, sound effects and maps make this game the best carnivores game so far.Pros-DinosaursOptimization is too good to be trueGreat GraphicsAmazing MapsSound effects are greatWind, Sound, Smell, Sight for all DinosaursGreat Dino models and animationsCons-Not many DinosaursNot many weaponsAll in all, this game is stunning. All that i can say right now is more weapons should be added, along side more dinos, like raptors and large pterosaurs. And one more thing i forgot to metion, is carnivores ice age, still in the carnivores series, so i played it and loved it, so please, please make a Carnivores: Ice Age Hunter Reborn!9/10"
76561198049022765,Recommended,293520,16321846,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TysonY2,"Quick a dirty breakdown:Pros-Followed suite with many of the characteristics of the original game. Very nostalgic.Smooth gameplay, very little fps stutter.Great gameplay mechanics as well as gunplay.Very immerise and is more than capable of getting your adrenaline going.Open world (while limited) leaves the player to make their own choices.Cons-Periodical crashes, could be simply on my end.Rather unoptimized, can be difficult to run for lower end computers. Not many graphic options.Rather few choices considering  gunplay. You either roll with an OP snper rifle or enjoy challening yourself.Conclusion:I love this game. Absolutely reccomend to anybody who enjoyed previous installments in the series. I would love to see the addition of more dinosaurs (There's only 6 you can hunt in regards to a trophy. Kind of dissapoitning) and more weapons. Would absolutely spend more money to aquire that. It's sad that it was rather difficult to find a gem like this, as it deserves much more attention than it's given!"
76561198070111623,Not Recommended,293520,32703058,Posted: 23 June,all,GRBurster,"Carnivores .... wow that was 15 years ago. Game I loved for it atmosphere ofc not for graphics . What I am experiecing is just terrible cartoonish animation no scare atmosphere no hunt atmosphere . I love dino games but  this ...  this is just bad bad bad  game .. bad with imho ... :(( shame, unplayeable"
76561197990314940,Recommended,293520,16030196,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MadCat,A beautiful remake of the original Carnivores.A must buy if your:A Dinosaur fanAn Original Carnivores/Carnivores 2 fanA hunting simulation fan10/10
,Recommended,293520,16141599,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ImortalFalcon,"This is the return of Carnivores I always wanted to see. With great graphics, well done dinosaurs and a retooling of their credit/gadget system with new found upgrades. You're going to have an awesome time traversing their lush and expansive maps looking to fill your tags.Having played Carnivores 1 and 2 religiously back in the day this game is childhood bliss. It doesn't have near as many huntable dinos as 2, so it's a lot closer to the first installment but a great return nonetheless.My only gripes are a few bugs and some of the dinos don't sound as authentic as they once did, but what they've done right outshines those negatives for me."
,Recommended,293520,21064245,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Doctor ☢ Apocalypse,"First off...this review caters to only a specific and special crowd of people. The Sim Hunters. An Interesting and rare breed we are.Having said that if you are looking for the next action packed, no holds barred, intense Oculus Rift driven FPS shooter of the year then move along because I can guarantee that you will not enjoy this game.Who will enjoy this? The methodical, patience and slow sim hunting enthusiast. The hardcore Sim Hunter may not enjoy it as some will but I will touch on that.This for all intensive purpose is a remake or reimagining of the wonderful and classic 1998 Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter. If you ever fell in love with the original or its many expansion packs then this gem may have a special place reserved in your heart. Well enough rambling, time to talk about the game.What is it? Simply put it is a Dinosaur hunting game set in a distant future where you the hunter are scuttled about to numerous mysterious Islands of some unknown planet. There are a fair amount of set pieces to visit and each location is fairly large and varied with different themes and observable distances. Some may have heavy fog which can reduce and limit your viewable distance or some may be clear as day with a variety of Dinos to hunt down and add to your trophy room.Before each outing you have the chance to modify and tailor your hunting gear a bit. In the beginning you are limited to a few locations, weapons, gear and Dinosaur types. As you confirm your kills and return back to ""base"" you earn two different types of in game currency, Gems and Score. Gems are rewarded for confirming a kill; these are the basic currency for upgrading your player, weapon and gear. Gems also unlock addition gear and weapons. Score is rewarded based on many factors. Kill distance, number of shots, size and tonnage of the Dino and Dino type as well. Score allows you to unlock the different map variants as you progress.Once you suit up and pick a location a dropship plops you down on a fairly random section of the selected map. From here your senses are your only allies. Using a device called the M.I.S.T, this digital pda will allow you to observe a topographical map and can be upgraded to make your life a little easier. It also acts as a rangefinder and can be used to zoom in and scout around for nearby Dinos. Now it is up to you to locate, stalk and down your first Dino! Once you have confirmed your first kill (and maybe even added it to the trophy room if you purchased the corresponding hunting license) time to use the M.I.S.T to call for a pick up. This is the basics of the game.So now that you have a very basic idea of how it works let’s talk about the good, the bad and the ugly.GOOD-Dinosaurs ""act"" like Dinosaurs. They themselves will seek out food and water, call out, sleep and move throughout the world as realistic as we could ever imagine.-The hunting grounds look pretty solid and give a great sense of being on an alien world. Unknown planets lurk in the skyline, Volcanoes erupt, winds bellow and the world feels fairly alive.-The weapons and gear feel great and offer players a small variety of options. Do I invest in more weapon power to down the T-rex or will I forgo damage for some scent masking options and maybe that camo vest?-The thrill of the hunt! In later maps the hunter can easily become the hunted. Noise, wind direction and concealment all come into play.BAD-The current selection of 9 maps are but a few variations of each other. Some are midday, another may be the same map but at dusk with more Carnivores lurking about. The lack of day/night cycles and changing weather could have really changed the way the game was meant to be played.-Small amount of gear and weapons. A larger variety would have been appreciated. Some of the gear can really take the challenge out of the game.-Graphics: To me this is a none issue, I think the game looks great. However it is a bit bland in some spots. Once you see all of the Dinos and Island variations you pretty much have seen it all.-The Dinosaur diversity is really low. Only 6 main Dinos to hunt and collect. The maps are littered with smaller stuff running around but they cannot be collected and do not act as a threat. A larger pool of huntable Dinos would have really benefited this game.-Once you get a swing of things the game can become really easy unless you are constantly hunting the higher threat Carnivores while handicapping yourself on gear selection.-The Sim aspect is not as hardcore as some Sim hunters would like. This game rides a fine line between casual and mid-sim range.UGLY-Chances of seeing a sequel are slim to none.-Updates have stopped and the devs are in limbo or dissolved.-Many users report crashes and graphical issues (I have not)-Dinosaurs can be downright stupid sometimes, they will sometimes get caught on the terrain while trying to escape…totally killing the feeling of immersion.-Mutant Dinosaurs: Apparently they are out there but I have yet to encounter one. Not sure what is so different about them.All in all a very enjoyable shout out to the Classic Carnivores. While fun it is a bit flawed but defiantly worth picking up if any of this sounds cool, it just doesn’t have the depth of some of the more hardcore hunting games that will keep drawing you back in for hundreds if not thousands of hours. Pick it up if on sale for sure! Thanks for reading!"
76561198098264031,Not Recommended,293520,28333438,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Epithumous,"Let me begin by saying that Carnivores and Carnivores 2 were my all time favorite games as a kid. I spent an irresponsible amount of time playing those games.I saw yesterday that there was a remake of the game on Steam and almost fell over from excitement. I was disappointed for the most part after putting seriously hundreds of hours into Carnivores 1 and 2.Pros- I respect that they kept a lot of the features from the original games. The weird hovercrafts that take you to and from the game, the trophy room, even the map names.- The upgradability of your weapons and character is neat, but the pursuit of upgrades seems to be the only driving force of the game.Cons- The graphics are very cartoony, I'd honestly prefer the original graphics- The frame rate is capped somewhere between 30 and 50. I shouldn't be getting 40fps on a gtx1080. It stomps on the immersiveness of the game.- The dinosaurs are laughably huge. So large in fact that the smallest dinosaur cannot easily run away from you in the woods because it's colliding with too much of the foliage.- They cut the number of weapons in half- The number of huntable dinosaurs was also cut in half. Which is a huge deal breaker.- Gameplay feels like it should be a mobile gameI really wanted to love this game. And I'll continue playing it until I've unlocked all of the maps and all of the upgrades, but I'm going to stop immediately after that. Why? because there's no incentive to play after that. I am forecasting a lonely 4 hours of collective gameplay to finish. For the price, that isn't that bad. But it does not live up to the original games."
76561198018585597,Recommended,293520,16587228,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rannochmuir,"I've bought just about every dinosaur game ever released, and none have ever quite acheived the holy grail of immersion splendour and terror that theJurrasic Park/ time travelling concept promises. However I've always retained a soft spot for the original Carnivores; prehistoric reptile-hunting pared down to the bare minimum, and without the tedious weight of plot, or survival aspects to get in the way. I was disappointed over the years to find that Carnivores would no longer run on newer versions of Windows, so when I saw this my heart leapt a beat. I have to say I'm just an hour or so in, but I'm liking it for all the same reasons as before.The graphics have improved over the first outing (given its been nearly 15 years)  but the feel is the same whacky future hunting scenario as before. As everyone else has commented it could defintely do with a few more species (hopefully some potential DLC?). The game size is tiny (less than a Gig) and I'd love to see this game format used in a big full budget environment like Cry engines latest 'Dino Island revisited' tech demo.Conclusion-Pleasingly pared down gameplay and solid immersion, the graphics are good but far from spectacular. Devs - More dinos and a hi-res texture map set please.9/10 (1 point for nostalgia's sake!)"
,Not Recommended,293520,25192835,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,♦ Harley Quinn ♦,"While the graphics are gorgeous and the gameplay is pretty simple, is the game really worth the $15? Well... No; but why not?First and foremost, it's important to say that I grew up playing the original Carnivores games. I was five when I got the first one, and I've been playing them for almost two decades. That should tell you of the love and dedication I feel towards this series. It should also tell you of the excitement I felt when I learned of this remake; I bought it immediately, without even considering the pros or cons. All I knew, and all I cared about, was that it was Carnivores. I ended up regretting that blind loyalty.Let's talk about some pros, first. As I mentioned earlier, the graphics are gorgeous. They're a vast improvement over the original games and while the experience in the originals isn't by any means unpleasant, you can never escape the feeling of playing a game. The graphics are pixely at best and a mess at worst. In this remake, however, the graphics have been stunningly updated and the experience can quickly turn into one where you feel a part of the game and get lost in the scenery.The gameplay, while not necessarily better, is definitely not hard to get a handle on. It took me a few minutes to get it, but when I did, the game became much easier; they also don't thrust new mechanics on you halfway through a hunt. Once you've got everything, you've got it, and you can go on your merry way.Now... on to the cons.While the originals didn't have a crazy variety of dinosaurs to choose from, they certainly had more than this game. Yes, the dinosaurs are probably harder and take longer to produce, but there could have been patches or expansions that added more animals, and there haven't been. It gets boring hunting the same animals over and over, and unlike the originals, you can't mix and match what you hunt and where. There's a set list on each map, and once you've done it all, there's nothing left to do.There are very few maps, as well. The originals had many more options, and they were all fun to explore, as each one had secrets and easter eggs to find. Reborn, while the graphics are beautiful, has very little variety in the way of locations. There are three overall, with separate options for Dawn and Fog, giving you the feeling of more while actually giving you less. Despite the wonderful graphics, they do not make up for the lack of options in this game.If you're here for nostalgia, which there's a good chance you are, you will not find it here. This game is nothing like the originals. The dinosaurs are overall better, with significant improvements to their looks and AI, but the maps are nothing like the maps they were named after (for example, in the original Carnivores, Basmachee Rocks was not a desert). The gameplay, while easy to master much like the original, is nothing like the original gameplay and is not necessarily smooth.Overall, Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn does not feel like a remake or even an ode to the original Carnivores series. It comes across as a half-baked product that was shoved out at the peak of the Jurassic World hype and was then abandoned shortly after. In the year+ it's been out, it's received two patches (and only within the first few months of its release), no updates, and no expansions or added content. If you want to spend $15 on Carnivores, buy the mobile version, as it's identical to Carnivores 2, has more dinosaur options, more weapon options, and more map options; and it's only $7."
,Recommended,293520,16283444,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Some {SG} Guy,"This game is the fantastic reboot of the Carnivores sceries that I have been hoping for for several years, I enjoy the gem system, my only gripe is that there seems to be a lack of available guns, and would love to see more."
76561197960887681,Recommended,293520,16034957,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PSYCHOCAT,"THANKS TO THE DEVS WHO DID THIS REBOOT!  You brought back a classic from extinction for me :)Back in the day I purchased the original Carnivores.  As a dino lover I was intrigued but didn't expect much.  But this became one of my most cherished hunting games of all time. Went on to get Carnivores 2 and Ice Age.  Now the reboot is out and I'm happy to say that all the wonder and awe from the when I played the original are back.  Beautiful and open hunting locations with freedom to roam around and hunt how you want.    Great sound design and graphics.  As you wander the lush jungle of the first few hunting locations you'll find a lush green hunting zone with scattered rock outcroppings (which you can climb for a good view).  Shadows of lazy flying dinos criss cross the ground below.  On a distant island an active volcano rumbles.   You'll hear the mournful moan of a herbivore as you walk or the growl of a meat eater who just sniffed out your scent.  It all adds up to a great immersive environment to explore.GOOD:Great graphics especially for a ""budget priced"" title.Great sound designIf you bought the tag when you kill a dino you can put it in your ""living"" trophy room (and similar species of dinos will scale depending on their weight so that 3 ton stegosaur will look pretty big next to your 2 ton one).Great reboot of a classicBAD:A few bugs here and there.Sound of evac ship getting stuck in a loop on one expedition and drowned out all other sounds.  (only happened once in 4 hours of play time)Deleting trophies from my trophy room seems buggy.  Maybe I'm doing it wrong but when I try to delete one nothing happens and then after several attempts then I lost 3 trophies.   Hmmmm like I said might be doing it wrong but if that's the case then boy is it not an easy task.All in all it's a great title and great price for what you get.  If you're a fan of the original I don't think you'll be disappointed.I'd LOVE to see Carnivores 2 and Ice Age updated or added into this one as DLC :D"
,Not Recommended,293520,29479096,Posted: 25 January,all,Dino the Shitking,There are only 2 carnivores
,Recommended,293520,16029447,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Immortal Kai,"Loved the original games - Dinosaur Hunter, Ice Age and Cityscape (which I hope will be remade as well - fingers crossed!!).Was an insta-buy for me. Greatly improved graphics since the originals, big open world. Game is a little too easy so far with the occasional dinosaur glitching about everywhere, but so far I'm having great fun. You'll be walking about and then hear a roar, you'll be like what the ♥♥♥♥ was that, darting about everywhere trying to find it.  You gotta take your time and be stealthy when tracking your chosen dinos. This means avoiding to walk downwind, keeping silent, keeping out of sight. I haven't got to the meat eaters yet but I can tell its gonna be fun, all those memories of my childhood running the hell away from the T-Rex's who were trying to eat me - good times.All in all - it's a good remake of the original.Right now stop distracting me from playing this game!"
,Not Recommended,293520,29464236,Posted: 24 January,all,MasRellim,"I mean it's OK, but a very small amount of content for £11. I only played 5 hours and unlocked every gun and killed every dinosaur.If it's on sale, then maybe but otherwise it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,293520,17840818,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zebidas,"I love this game ... very good graphics , good gameplay , great sound ......The worst thing of this game is the few classes of dinossaur and weapons , hope the game get new updates!"
76561198043410690,Recommended,293520,16091617,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ken158,"I really enjoy playing this game.  I would like to eventually see is the dinosaurs interacting with other dinosaurs, and of course more carnivores. As of right now there are only 2, which is a little disappointing.Even if no changes are made to this game I would still recommend it to others. It brings back fond memories of playing Carnivores 2 when I was a kid."
76561198062661147,Not Recommended,293520,21397012,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Monster Boy,"If you have played the original Carnivores games them prepare for a MAJOR disappointment, there are only 3 guns, the AI is pathetic, and it is unrealistic, the trailer is a total lie, don't buy this game, the devs didn't even try.  I say play the original Carnivores games instead, and they should be on steam, not this piece of garbage."
,Recommended,293520,16203800,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,XxTrickShot360xXfourtwentyomgman,"Thank goodness this still came out!!unaware that there was ever a kickstarter for this game, I am EXTREMELY pleased to see it come out. I presume none of the devs who worked on this will see this, but should they, I just want to say Thanks!The carnivore series was a staple in my childhood. If I had known about the kickstarter, I would have gladly pledged as much money as I could have. this game has lived up to my expectations and I hope one day we see an iceage expansion  pack ;)"
,Recommended,293520,23699081,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Morning Dove,"Good arcadish shooter, not as frustrating as theHunter Primal, but not nearly as challenging or satisfying.  This is a more kick back and enjoy blasting some dino's game.  The Hunter Primal is better if you have the patience for it.I would love to see this game enable mods.  That would knock it way up in my book."
76561198191978335,Recommended,293520,30371256,Posted: 7 March,all,Rexkiller,"It's the best dinosaur hunting game. It's very addicting and i like that you can tranqualize Dinosaurs instead of killing them. And i like that the dinosaur sleep, eat, and drink."
,Not Recommended,293520,33413581,Posted: 9 July,all,ElasticJyration,"If you're considering this game out of nostalgia for the original Carnivores games, do not buy it. Its style, feel, and mechanics are those of a knockoff mobile game. If you want to play the old Carnivores, I'd recommend the app (free for Android); it's exactly like the old game and works surprisingly well on mobile.As for the problems with this updated version: the controls are awful, the GUI is poor, advancements run on some diamond/coin system you'd find in a game like Candy Crush, the intructions and hints read like they were written in another language and copied straight from Google Translate, and it offers nothing reminescent of its predecessor other than concept.My PC is decent enough to run games like GTA V at maximum settings, but couldn't manage to run this with a decent framerate. When I went to adjust the graphics settings, I found the menu was not only poorly designed, but lacked any real options. You can't change key bindings or graphics quality. It looks like it was poorly adapted from a mobile platform, not designed for PC. The only graphics setting it offers is subpar to begin with; the visual quality is comparable to the originals.It isn't worth its price, even when on sale. Don't waste your time."
76561198008414102,Recommended,293520,16032440,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DamZe,"Its a fun throwback to the good old Carnivores hunting experience, the visuals are decent and its a fun casual dino-hunting game that doesn't take itself too seriously."
76561198109204973,Not Recommended,293520,23261605,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,mattlacoursier,"Cool game, feels like a return to the original. Got to play this game a whole 20 minutes before it crashed. Any time i try to reload the game it will continiously crash. So untill the issue gets fix i would say save your money until then. I'm a huge fan of the series so i am bummed i can not play it right now."
,Recommended,293520,30207927,Posted: 26 February,all,OG BOOBIE BLACK,"TL;DR: Hopefully more content is added to the game. Nostalgia-seekers welcome, newcomers beware.At the moment, it is very similar to what the original was. A couple of weapons, a couple of areas, a couple of dinosaurs. For nostalgia, it is amazing. For a newcomer, be aware that it is a very simple game (at least at the moment)."
,Recommended,293520,19946246,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"Carnivores Reborn is a well done remake of the 90's titles and keeping the same formula, it does lack a little bit of content but gameplay makes up for it, if you loved the old titles, you will enjoy this one too!"
,Recommended,293520,16030606,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,refpuz,"PROSNostalgia is a huge pro for me as I played the original.Lots of replayability with new weapons, items, and maps to unlock as you progress through the game.Tutorial is a definite plus for new players who didn't play the original.CONSGraphics engine needs definite optimization. I know its DX9 but i can't max out LOD on my 290X with an i7-4790K without getting lag spikes in certain parts of some maps.  With that said graphics options are severely limited. Only FOV and LOD are configurable (excluding resolution). Hopefully some mods correct this in the future.Once you unlock everything I don't see anything else to do other than beat your high scores.Hoping for multiplayer feature sometime in the future now that the game is on steam, as of now there is none.OTHER THOUGHTSGame overall is a bargain of a remake for only 15$. Buy it if you want a good game to kill time with. Hope the developers add more maps, weapons, and dinosaurs in the future to update the game or as DLC."
76561198032276126,Recommended,293520,16029185,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,j-f.bernier,"Excellent remake of the original Carnivores game. Graphics and AI could be a little better. I hope the DLC will be worth it. More dino species would be great, like velociraptor hunting in pack at night only... baryonyx in the swamps... A valley full of iguanodons, hadrosaurus, Corythosaurus and Maiasaura resting peacefully around a nesting area (even baby dinosaurs? why not)...  giant apatosaurus or brachiosaurus whipping small dinosaurs / player with theirs tail ... Pachycephalosaurus charging as soon as they see you... maybe some compsognatus that try to bite your arm (like the snakes of far cry 3/4) and making noises revealing your position to the closest dinosaurs. If they could interact with each others it could be really cool to watch some raptors jump from the bushes, take down a large herbivore and steal your kill right in front of you..."
76561198004711546,Not Recommended,293520,20228134,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Squiggles,"First up I'll admit a bias I'm not at all a fan of hunting games. I bought this one because I used to have Carnivores 2 and Ice Age, which I enjoyed quite a bit. This game however was quite boring and very limited so I'd recommend watching some gameplay videos before you decide.Pros:Hunting dinosaurs! Same as others but it's a pretty epic concept and of course dangerous when hunting carniverous ones.Good graphics.Cons:Limited dinosaurs to hunt.Only a few weapons to use to hunt.Of the upgrades or perks or whatever most of them reduce your score when using. It makes sense for things like radar but why would you hunt anything without camo or cover scent, but both those remove 5% of your score each.Inconsistant AI, shooting some dinosaurs and they won't even recognise. Shoot a carnivore once and it runs away for a bit, yet most of the time shrugs it off. Also when running they get stuck on rocks and such and end up running in place.Minor personal complaints:Stupid freaking ship drops you upwind from everything 90% of the time.Crouching seems to just be for noise reduction as they see me just as easily as if I were standing.Getting the Gem things for unlocks feels grindy."
,Recommended,293520,22163701,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Streak,"I am a huge mega fan of the Carnivore series.  Ever since the first one that was launched back in '98.  This is definitely a refreshing blast from the past and the minute I started the game up I felt like I was back there.  It has many improvements and many additions, the graphics are superb and the world very lifelike.  Only negative I can say is that some of the dino's seem to act a little weird from time to time.If you loved the original, 2 or Ice Age then I HIGHLY reocmmend you trying this one, I'm sure you'll love it!"
76561198023319831,Recommended,293520,25537645,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shipwrecked,"So where to begin.... well, first off this game has been abandoned in the sense. The devs are apparently not working on this game anymore (check the steam forums more info), but don't let that turn you away just yet. Maybe if there are more sales they will return to it, but don't hold out for that. So here's how I rate the game:Graphics - Are good. The game looks just as good as the pictures if not better. The enviroments are well detailed, with insects, plenty of plant life, and excellent textures. The Dinosaurs look pretty realistic, as well as the water, which looks amazing. The sky boxes are a little pixalated (at least on the higer res'), but look good.Graphics: 5/5Sound\Music - The sounds are.... well... a hit and miss to be honest. Carnivores, like the T-rex, sound really good, while others, like the Stegosaurus sound like grizzly bears. The Atmospheric sounds are good, and do a decent job of submersing the player in the game. There is some music in the game, both for the menu and during hunting. I have to say, it's pretty good stuff, being an interesting mix of mechanical and techno, so thumbs up for that.Sound: 3/5Music: 5/5Gameplay - Gameplay is good - but glitchy. Even glitchier than Carnivores 2, which is what this game is based off of. The good bit of gameplay is pretty intense and fun. It's your typical hunting scenario (well, minus the whole alien world with dinosaurs thing), but unlike a lot of hunting sims you can track an animal by following it's footsteps. You can use calls to lure dinosaurs to you, or if your hunting a carnivore, you can shoot a herbivore to lure the carnivores over.Dinosaurs will also have to drink, so camping around watering holes is also a good technique, if not a time consuming one. The few open world maps also feel pretty alive, with insects, smaller dinos, and of course the larger ones all living on the map, eating, drinking, and sleeping. All this is negated by all the bugs though. There's not too many, but the ones that are there are enough to kind of kill the ""simulation"" in hunting simulator. Dinosaurs often get stuck on rocks or trees, and a few of them, like the Ceratosaurus, have some movement issues, turning unrealistically fast. This doesn't ruin the game as a whole, but it's enough of an issue that I feel like it should be mentioned.Gameplay: 4/5Content - This is maybe an unfair way to judge the game, but I feel it's worth mentioning: there is not a lot of content to this game. It actually has less content than Carnivores 2. There are 3 maps (it may look like more, but it's the same three maps with different weather conditions), 6 large dinos and 3 smaller ones. There are also only 4 weapons: a sniper rifle, a bolt action rifle, a cross bow, and a pistol. I don't think this detracts anything from the game, but it does leaving you wanting more, especially wehen you've more or less completed the game.Content 3/5Overall, I recommend this game to either Carnivores fans, or those of you looking for a semi-realistic hunting game. If you can overlook the lack of content, and the bugs, it does provide a decent amout of fun. I'm not sure I would buy it for full price at this point, seeing how there's probably not going to be any more content added, but if you can get it for around $10, I'd say it's a good deal.Final Rating: 5/10"
76561198037529965,Recommended,293520,25575383,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Andromeda,"Loved it and is the best game first 5 minutes. Everything is great, the graphics, for some reason my computer can handle, the dinosaurs animation, AI, and everything! Just the game consept is the best! Only one thing missing.You bred NO raptors?"
,Recommended,293520,16038891,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hadrosaur Hero,"Fun game, but still needs work.I haven't been killed much, but the ceratosaurus that does kill me doesn't seem to have the promised kill animation.Without any multiplayer or any expansion from the PS3 game, I have to say you should only get this game if you like dinosaurs and hunting.Wish their were more features, but it's still fun.I advise waiting to see if the game gets updates later before buying."
76561198091591509,Recommended,293520,16190735,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dayman,"I absolutely love this game! Anyone who enjoyed the classics will have a blast, honestly the graphics make a huge difference and the game just feels up to date. Would definitely recommend purchasing and supporting this awesome team!"
,Recommended,293520,16317345,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RadioG00se,"The gameplay is very good, especially for the price. Its very similar to the original carnivores (obviously) which is good as I enjoyed that game as well. The graphics are decent, the controls are solid. Only complaints I have are that the dinosaur's AI is sometimes pretty bad, specifically the anklosaurus which just runs into rocks when you shoot at it."
,Recommended,293520,16041417,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TactiCat,"Not sure how to feel about this one. For comparison, been playing a lot of The Hunter: Primal, to which this game is slightly similar to. There aren't that many dinosaurs to hunt, granted, but the guns feel very good and the scenery is downright gorgeous. The worst thing is how long it takes to walk around the environment and how hard it is to find ammo and how easy it is to die even after you've got good gear. It's rather unforgiving at times.So with that said, Carnivores: DHR, has a little more on offer in my opinion. It's a more arcadey type of game, with cartoony art and a UI that looks like it was made for smart phones (because former versions were developed for iOS and Andriod in mind) for very casual gamers in mind. So far I have been having fun with it. There doesn't seem to be much consequence for dying and there isn't really much to lose.Has way more dinosaur types than Primal does, though less guns, however there are attachments you can buy to improve your guns which outnumber the ones you can get in Primal. The gun handling itself also feels very arcadey.Carnivores is also sadly SP only, while Primal you can hunt online with friends or strangers.Arcade vs Realism isn't exactly bad, it's just a different feel. I'm not sure I can rate one game over the other even if they are similar. Carnivores is almost too easy though, so you don't really feel much risk as you do in Primal. It's a far more casual experience.So to sum it up, TL;DR:CategoryTH: PrimalCarnivores: DHRWeapons:More Realistic, Better Feel, More Variety (11 types), Limited Upgrades (May be able to attach a scope on some weapons)More Arcadey, Less Variety (4 types), More Upgrades (3-4 per weapon, though not visual)Scenery:Very realistic, detailed, one very large map, very prettyMore cartoony, detailed, several moderately sized maps, nice to look atDinosaurs:Very limited variety (5 species), mostly carnivoresLarger variety, (9 species) carnivores and herbivoresDifficulty:ChallengingCasualModes:Singleplayer and Multiplayer (PvE & PvP)Singleplayer OnlyPrice:$29.99$14.99It's rather a very good game for what it is."
76561198044709703,Recommended,293520,16723703,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"This game is fun for what it is. Buy equipment, drop off on a map, hunt and harvest dinosaurs. Its not a long game as you can unlock all the maps and equipment pretty quickly, once you do I think it loses its replay value as there isn't really much else to do. However, I enjoyed the game none the less."
,Recommended,293520,16032189,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chalkstar,This takes me back to my childhood! It's great and at $15 it is simply a steel! I highly recommend!
76561197995566346,Recommended,293520,16033183,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Cuppasoop,"Seems pretty good so far. Probably a little too simple/easy for those looking for a real hunting sim, but fun nonetheless. My only question is...WHY ARE STEGOSAURUSES MAKING BEAR NOISES?"
,Recommended,293520,16035120,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Orlee,I bagged a Stegosaurus and two Ankylosaurs pretty quickly. The only thing that ruined my celebration was getting eaten by some red mini T-rex a**hole. Good game.
76561198059414925,Recommended,293520,20536741,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MadLittleGamer,"my only complaint would be that there are not enough dinosaurs to hunt, i would love this game 10 times more if they added more carnivores and gave us the possibility of a co-op feature to share the hunting experience with a friend."
76561197992035921,Recommended,293520,16095416,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,| n s a n i t y,"A nice remake of the original Carnivores game. People who are fans of dinosaur hunting games should definitely give this a try. No doubt there are some bugs and glitches, but you will be too busy hunting T-rexes to notice them."
,Not Recommended,293520,22602234,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Well, would like the game if it stopped crashing all the time!And when I get it working, I just can't stop laughing at the stupid AI of the dinosaurs. They keep getting stuck on rocks/trees so you can just get behind and kill!The visuals aren't too bad, for an indie game. The sounds could be much better... I mean, hearing a bear sound for a dinosaur? Really?The fact that it is only three maps, recycled with a few variations, lacks variety. The three weapons is a major disappointment too! And how could the crossbow deal more damage than say, the .50 caliber?Game seemed promising but I can't recommend something I didn't liked nor had a good experience with.Save yourself some money and get something else... or if you wanna risk it, get only in a sale!"
76561198042266287,Recommended,293520,24378673,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,cynaak_888,"A great remake to my favorite game : Carnivores 2Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn, is a great gameI only wish they were more features because I like it so muchIn my opinion the game need a few things to be the perfect Carnivores game- Needs a few more dinosaurs (cause everyone loves variety)- Needs more customisation (like choosing which dinosaurs to hunt were, it would give the maps more versatility, so for example: T-rex hunters could choose from more maps )- Could use more weapon types but that's not a critical thingWhat is great about that game ?- Its easy to learn how to play- It lauches you right into the action no waiting- The hunting mechanics are perfect- There is several map to choose from- The Ai of the dinosaurs are good- The graphics are amasing- Its a Very Fun game if you like hunting dinosaurs.I recommend this game completely."
76561198078760628,Recommended,293520,16036780,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,docszoo,"If you liked the previous Carnivores games, you'll like this new and polished up one too. To me, very much worth the $15."
,Recommended,293520,22211123,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Faceless,"much fun, very nostalgia5/7 would nostalgia again"
,Recommended,293520,16208637,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,🐧 crow,it's a hunting sim where you shoot dinosaurs.
,Recommended,293520,16028276,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"The bad:CartoonishConsole-quality texturesMore arcade than simJungle environments don't feel like actual junglesNo multiplayerNeed to buy a license to collect different dinos (why??)Somewhat limited choice of weaponry, all hidden behind unlocksQuestionable AI at times: I saw a flying dino literally stop and fly backwards, then forwards again, without turningDinos glitch through rocksInescapable kill animation if you get too close to a dinoThe good:$15Better environment variety than Hunter PrimalDino collection/extraction mechanics are visually satisfyingNice dino varietyEasy to kill flying dinosEasy to learn control schemeThe ok:Ambient dinosWeapon/gear upgradesOverall: Recommended but only for people who really love dino hunting games. Casuals shouldn't bother. This will probably not replace Hunter: Primal for you unless you can get past the cartoonish visuals and arcade-like sessions. If you can, though, it's a decent enough game to play until Ark hits."
76561197987786000,Recommended,293520,16041130,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,VORTEX,The good old days. Glad they brought this back.
,Recommended,293520,16163672,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kazuno,"I can not recommend this game enough, yes, it is basically the PS3 Version of Carnivores HD, I can look past that seeing as it's finally on PC, like a proper Carnivores game should be. After having played Carnivores 1 as a little kid, then Carnivores 2, and Ice Age. It's just a nostalgia trip for me."
76561198273418581,Recommended,293520,21380725,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Stealth_MasterFlex,"This game is BA!I still own the orignal Carnivores for windows 98/95.... Yeah, that's right I'm a true fan. That game scared me a lot. When the T-Rex chased you, it was over. It would grab you and swing you around in its mouth and slam you against the ground... Awesome! The raptors just ran you over then ate you while you were shaking and screaming... lol! Anyways this game is a little more what I wanted back in the day but wished it had more blood and guts. You could also swim in the old game.I will always love this game. Nothing better than killing dinosaurs!I own it on every device I have. It's really fun on my tablet and phone.You should buy it too!"
,Recommended,293520,21614351,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,radical_chic,"If you're nostalgic for the original Carnivore game, this will give you the fix you want.If not, don't bother."
76561198105480744,Recommended,293520,16078258,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TheIndieAnimal,"I remember playing this game on the app store a while back, i didn't quite like it and the graphics weren't all that great so i was able to recognize the title of this game and the amazing transformation from a app game to an actual steam game...I loved this game it has beautiful environments as my favorite part of the entire game, amazing upgrades and awesome dinosaurs. however i do hope they add more dinosaurs in the future. i also hope to see the sequel to this like they had on the app store which was the ice age version...In short, if you like hunting and absolutely love dinosaurs, you will love this game..."
,Recommended,293520,19872740,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zilla,"I used to like Carnivores. Not to love 'em or something but still like it. Now on Steam Sales there was this and I couldn't resist. After playing for like 2 hours, I can give my thoughts about the game.The game offers us a trip to a planet inhabited by dinosaurs provided by a fictional hunting firm DinoHunt. Our job is simple. We get one of the available weapons (those are pretty limited to 3 kinds), get additional equipment like a camouflage and we are thrown into a prehistoric landscape. We have to stalk through jungle to hunt like 7 or 8 kinds of dinosaurs, including ferocious T-rex. Every kill is awarded with gems and score (depends on how many shots we took to take down the beast, what was the distance and stuff), which is a somewhat a currency in the game for opening new levels. With gems we pay for our equipment, weapons and license for a particular species of a dinosaur. We can hunt freely for every type we encounter, but only licensed dinosaurs will be in our thropy room. And that's pretty much it. We get the score quite fast so sooner or later we get access to new levels until we get it all and then the game loses it's replay value. That's pretty much all in terms of gameplay.The graphics are nice but compared to other games it looks really decent. The dinosaurs are quite well detailed but I've seen better. Also beware to not turn on the advanced grass. It will slow ur  PC to a calculator mode from the stone age era.Next thing is the sound. We get a simple, forgetable music in the background and the enviroment sounds which are mostly re-used stock sounds like crickets, wind sound and typical jungle uproars. In case of dinosaurs, we get really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stock sounds, took from cartoons I guess. Really, in old carnivores games, there were better sounds than in this one.Overall I would give the game 6/10. It's an good game for a dinosaur maniacs, but people who are not used to stalk'n kill games and are not into dinosaurs at all, should look for another game. I would highly recommend for the devs to add more dinosaur species (really? Only 2 carnivores? No Velociraptor? No Allosaurus? Shame...) and a larger variety of weapons. That way this game would have at least some replay value. At this point, it's just a decent dino-shooter."
,Recommended,293520,18173203,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DinoGeek65,"Very good remake of one of my favourite games. I dare say remake because while it has the same feeling and style as the original, it is quite a different game. The visuals have obviously been significantly improved since the original and there are many things to upgrade and buy using this new gem currency. You can use the gems for so many things, like buying dino licences, purchasing different weapons, upgrading those weapons, buying equipment to make hunting easier, buying upgrades to your character such as running faster, being more difficult to smell, hear or see. You can also buy upgrades for your M.I.S.T, like a bigger dino spotting range, a dino roar decoy to make them come closer to you, and being able to call the drone faster for capture of dead dinos and evacuation. And none of these require you to spend real money, all you have to do is earn gems by killing dinos. There is also another currency called Score, which lets you explore new maps and allows you to buy the licences to more dinos using your gems. If I havent made it clear enough, there is a ton of replayability to this game, and if that isn't enough, there are also 12 achievements to unlock if you are an achievement hunter. The only gripes I have about this game is that, while the optimization isn't terrible by any means, it has clearly been ported from the PS3 version of this game, and i myself had to turn down the settings a tad to maintain a steady 60fps. Another small gripe is that there are only 6 dinos in this game, while the original had over a dozen, but Its not a big deal. In conclusion, if you love hunting games, dino games or are just looking for a fun game to pass the time, for just £10.99 this game meets and exceeds those expectations."
,Recommended,293520,23092354,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,NegativeVortex,"It's like a punch In the balls from nostalgia.A really, really weak punch."
76561198049486361,Recommended,293520,25086489,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,drkhunter13,"the game was ok, altho i couldnt play it anymore because it whould either lock my computer to were i have to reset it comepleatly when i select an option in the game or kick me to desktop 1....it isnt exaclty like it was when i played carnivores or carnivores 2. there isnt much of a variety of dinosaurs to track/hunt. however it was still fun while it lasted till it whouldnt run compleatly"
76561198151367484,Recommended,293520,16038412,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,milokamilo,"Really cool game, definitely worth of the 15$.If only devs will add more content to it- it will become just great!"
,Recommended,293520,33583008,Posted: 16 July,all,DarkKnight,If you remeber the old Carnivores from the late 90's early 2000's and liked that this one is just as good but more up to date graphics.
76561198256002894,Recommended,293520,25403276,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,StreamyPlane,"Great game, we reccomend it to anyone who likes hunting games or Dinos"
76561198024187954,Recommended,293520,16033442,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SpagYeti,if you liked the original you will like this
,Recommended,293520,16032897,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,BillyR,This is a dinosaur game where you actually get to hunt the dinosaurs rather than just joining them FOR dinner!
76561198045043988,Recommended,293520,32365924,Posted: 12 June,all,ginos,"very good, but not enough dino's. needs more than 2 rype's of carnivore"
76561198057484015,Not Recommended,293520,24068067,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JimmyBoy,"A shell of what carnivores used to be, the ai is terrible, all you need to do is stand on top of any rock and the carnivores just ignore you ( a trex literally walked over me as I stood on a small boulder.) I remember in Carnivores 1 & 2 they would evengo as far as to swim after you, it was frightening. As if all that other stuff was not bad enough the selection of maps guns and dinos is much to small. I bought it on sale because of nostalgia and I am disappointed. DO NOT BUY!"
76561198070463454,Recommended,293520,16533955,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AAbattery22,Awesome throwback to my younger years of having my trophy room filled with Trex... Little buggy dinosaurs clip a good amount and I have had some problems with audio and had to restart but overall really awesome.
76561198118667774,Recommended,293520,18607618,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MotherOrganoid,"This game is a fantastic remake of the Action Forms classic. The graphics are gorgeous and the AI is good, and the variety in individual dinosaurs even from the same species in terms of size, mutated colors, and behavior is very refreshing. The environments are gorgeous and the weather very immersive. Even with only five dinosaurs currently licensed the replayability is practically endless. It's a great value for the money and the devs have left further improvement and features open for addition and improvement. I highly recommend it, as both an avid player and longtime fan of the Carnivores series!"
,Recommended,293520,16557952,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SampleMagpie,"This is a good game. it has the best hitboxes on dinosaurs and very exciting and fun game.And the T-rex cant see you if you dont move,so that's kinda cool. There are some glitches and the dinosaurs movement does not look very realistic (Ceratosaurus) but over all it is a good game. i love this game and i hope you do as well.i rate this game  8,5/10"
,Not Recommended,293520,29170870,Posted: 10 January,all,Aaronator2005,This game generally doesn't have much good about it to be honest as the graphics are probably the best thing about this game - at least compared to the original Carnivores dinosaur hunter games. It might seem quite exciting at first especially during the first 2 levels but after that it starts to get very slow and tedious. The gem system plagues the game as it requires players to hunt dinosaurs that don't offer players a challenge as they should attack you but just run into shrubbery where they are hard to hit. Dinosaurs should be all over the place but it makes them feel like rare animals as they were as common as any animal today.It just gets boring with nothing to engage you with.
,Recommended,293520,20047697,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LandScrape™,Never turn on advanced grass.Don't do it.
76561198135635707,Recommended,293520,16068749,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Aspooker,"I love this game. It is a great remake of the original classic carnivores.Pros~>Amazing graphics>Amazing maps>Love the dinosaurs>A good amount of weapons>You get to go observe the dinosaursNow, You may be thinking ""this is the best game ever!"" But.... It has some cons to.Cons~>Low amount of weapons>Low amount of dinosaurs>Bigger map sizes (I got around the entire island within 5 minutes)>Less complicated to use the crossbow plzThe overall is really good. But here are some recommendations for new dinosaurs. Spinosaurus, Utahraptor, Brachiosaurus , Iguanadon.Think about it now. Buy the game! :D"
,Recommended,293520,26359636,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Baylee,"If you're getting assertion failed errors and crashes, try running in windowed mode."
,Recommended,293520,26644538,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Magicisreality360,DINOSAURS
76561198105246781,Recommended,293520,16048655,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Obummer,"I bought this game within a couple hours of its release and i've been playing it every hour since. Below I have a list of what they got right and what they needThis Game Has:-Really good graphics-Relatively challenging and engaging gameplay-Very good projectile dynamics, especially on the crossbowThis game NEEDS:-Marine Life-Multiplayer-A few more weapons-A perk for an ammo drop-A few more dinosaurs, maybe some smaller ones?I would not be surprised if DLC's became a thing for this game as more people would be buying it, which would most likely address the suggestions I wrote above.Ogreall, 8/8 gr8 r8 m8"
76561197964866568,Recommended,293520,16089100,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"If you remember the old Carnivores series about dinosaur hunting... Well, this is it! :)It brings back the good memories, but be warned that it doesn't bring phenomenal graphics or too many innovations.Even without them though, it is fun to play and it kept me surprisingly allerted and entertained. Trying to bag as many dinosaurs with as little bullets and actually living to tell the tale is still a blast.For someone who never played the series and doesn't feel that nostalgic drive to get it again, it might be too expensive for what it REALLY is, but I higly recommend it during some kind of sale."
76561198204424117,Recommended,293520,35096472,Posted: 20 September,all,Kaandyman,"Simple casual game, easy to pick up and run through."
76561198398406459,Recommended,293520,32862109,Posted: 27 June,all,SSagajiSS,Where is brachiosaurus ?. I think i saw the brachiosaurus in old Carnivores game. but now in new Reborn brachiosaurus disappeared. I love brachiosaurus. where is brachiosaurus.
76561198164952192,Not Recommended,293520,24057910,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,killjoy8880,the game works well but even though the first games had liminted dinos it was ten times better.  you should by a copy of those before you ever think of paying for this  game id give it a 4 out of ten
76561198062607391,Not Recommended,293520,24528634,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Frodo T Baggins,"Steam really needs a neutral optionThis game has a few very good points, but it is let down by some quite bad points (in my opinion ofc). The bad side of the game consists of average physics such as dino's getting stuck on trees and rocks etc, no real replayability, lack of weapon variety, only 4 maps (with a few variations such as think fog, dusk and clear sky), direction of sounds (sounds seem to come from the wrong direction) and last of all is the amount of dinosaurs you can actually hunt........its 6.........Stegosaurus, Triceratops, Parasaurolophus, Ankylosaurus, Ceratosaurus and last but not least the T-Rex. There are also 3 other dinosaurs that you can shoot in the face but sadly these cant be collected. For a dinosaur hunting game it really doesnt make sense that there are only 6 to hunt and collect, as many others may have thought when buying the game.The good points of this game, for me, just about make it neutral. The 6 dino's you hunt all have their own personalities, with the T-Rex being the dominant force......until you arrive. Each dinosaur can be seen eating, calling and running away each in its own distinct way. The noises the dinosaurs make are fantastic, eating, calling, roaring at you, all add to the feel of this game. These sounds really come alive when you're on one of the maps thats blanketed  by thick fog, when you hear the calls in the distance, while not being able to see them, creates a great sense that you're actually there in real life. This thick fog can be a menace however, with it being so think mixed in with the poor direction of the noises it can often be a nightmare trying to find the dinosaur. Once you have either killed or tranquilised the dino you can then store it in a sort of show room with 17 spaces. If there had been more dinosaurs to collect it would have made a huge difference. The maps on this game are well designed and pretty big which may be good or bad depending or your point of view i guess, i liked them. Graphics are decent, ive seen far worse. The final good point is that there are mutant versions of the 6 dinosaurs, however these versions are only cosmetic, they still look quite cool though!Overal this game has to be called neutral, siding towards negative. It just feels a bit to much like an app game rather than a full blown £10 game. The good areas are great but the bad ones really let it down, mainly the small ammount of dinosaurs, if the developers made dlc which added more maps and dinosaurs that would at least be somethig but they havent sadly. In my opinion only buy this when its on sale, if you love shooting a T-Rex in the face or if you're like me a love gaining the achievements on games!"
76561198073961258,Recommended,293520,16108337,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Scanova the Carnotaurus,"You guys know for the most part i keep my review blunt, this one's no exception. Basically, it's worht the $15 however my main beef with the game is that the way they prevent the dinos is wrong (anky's pretty much a coward for example) and game is too easy with the radar."
76561198189233510,Recommended,293520,35018979,Posted: 17 September,all,GoldoGamin24,I LOVETHIS GAME!!but i think i might be the only one still playing it
76561198345367264,Recommended,293520,34523055,Posted: 27 August,all,Captain Toker,Awesome game brought me right back to my childhood.
76561198056247550,Recommended,293520,21331148,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,hawkman97,"You stalk your prey.A measly stegasaurus.You take careful aim and hit it in the heart. It dies not knowing what killed it.Your shots attracted a different predator.A Ceratosaurus, it rushes you before you could reload,You yell an explative as you only have two bullets.You don't need two though as your first shot pierces its heart.You look at the bleeding corpse of the primeval predator and yell,""I am the baddest predator on this island."""
76561198047422074,Recommended,293520,24061436,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Aemilius,Good game to play when I'm worn out of my other games.
76561198236826858,Recommended,293520,17303780,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,kiefer24mw2,"This game is great if you like to kill the same 2 Dinosaurs over and over again for hours and hours before actually ranking up.  You run out of ammo quickly and have to teleport out of the Dino Zone to get more ammo.I guess this game could be cool and maybe I'll play it again soon and have deja vu.  The Premise is actually stolen from Bill Murray's GroundHog Day movie which is outstanding and I'd highly recommend it if you haven't seen it yet.the game itself reminds me of the Great Extinction Hunt of Teddy Roosevelt back in 1904, the Rough Riders set out to kill as many endangered species as they possibly could.  Turns out they thankfully forgot Manatees, those poor cute sea cow things.  Now the motor boats just scar them or take them out accidentally, the creatures cannot buy a break!The Dinosaur game does have a GPS unit that Teddy and The Rough Riders didn't have available due to the lack of technology.  The Regulators from Young Guns were said to have been the original developers of the 1st GPS because of the incoming forces constantly trying to acquire Mr. Tunstels Estate.  Charlie Sheen's character died trying to fight Billy the Kid over the rights to hunt Dinosaurs on the Prairie.  Dirty Steve took over as King Regulator, the Master of all Slayers.The GPS used in this game is basically the same device but it tracks Dinos, Rush Limbaugh's Pharmacy script receipts, and Sarah Silverman's tour schedule.Thanks to the developer for making a great game, I'll probably give it another 0.4 hours before changing my opinion but for now I'm going with Positive review just to prove that I'm not a Troll.  Mr.Z knows from prior communication that I'd never dream of writing a Bogus review.  I'm all Heart and Balls.This game is really worth a shot for 20 buckeroos.  the graphics are OK but you'll probably be ok to run to the bathroom whenever you want without hitting the pause button...and likely miss nothing.  This concept reminded me of the last time I did exterior painting and stood there watching the drywall absorb the paint.  I was inside when this happened because Drywall is seldomly found outdoors.In case you do come across a time when you need a professional painting contractor, my buddy Brett aka 'Muscles Marinara' is outstanding and YES he is for hire"
,Recommended,293520,16557962,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SampleMagpie,"This is a good game. it has the best hitboxes on dinosaurs and very exciting and fun game.And the T-rex cant see you if you dont move,so that's kinda cool. There are some glitches and the dinosaurs movement does not look very realistic (Ceratosaurus) but over all it is a good game. i love this game and i hope you do as well.i rate this game  8,5/10"
,Recommended,293520,29452391,Posted: 23 January,all,Sizzy,"I'd like to say this is a must have for Carnivores fans... but I do have mixed feelings. I've been playing the Carnivores games since the first was released and I own all the hard-copies: Carnivores, Carnivores 2, Ice Age, and CityScape (even played the ios version)... needless to say I'm a big fan and I'm glad the franchise is still around.That being said... the game seems like it was left unfinished and has been seemingly abandoned? What a shame. There are actually very few dinosaurs in-game (6 huntable dinos total) which you are forced to 'farm' over and over again to progress. It gets old pretty fast. I was hoping with the game's popularity and positive reviews that we would see updates with more dinosaurs being added. Nope.This game is very fun for me, but I feel like It -could- have been great.PROS:- Def and update from the graphics of the old games.- Beautiful, high quality, immersive environments.- Dinosaurs look good, move nicely (definitely not scientifically accurate).- Great game for longtime fans.CONS:- Game is dead? No new updates for ages <<<BIG DEAL- Very few huntable dinosaurs in-game. Especially when compared to the previous games (Carnivores 2 for example; had 9 dinosaurs and 6 ambient creatures).- Repetitive gameplay gets old very quickly.- Dinosaurs very retro looking and scientifically inaccurate.- Dinosaur AI is very simple and mostly predictable.Once again. It may be fun for fans, but doesn't make a lasting impression."
76561198329978132,Recommended,293520,29533475,Posted: 27 January,all,Zaptoid007,"I have played the first carnivores game, in fact I still do from time to time, and this one feels like a newer, better version. Good times."
,Recommended,293520,19773894,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R.,Great game!
76561198156656341,Recommended,293520,16329889,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Doodledan,"If you played Carnivores before, buy it. What a nostalgic, fun game.Like dinosaur? Hunting game? buy it.This is awesome. But Its only hard at the first and the very last. Once you get a certain gadget, it'll change the game and it gets easy as flipping your hand. So I must set up my own challenge to enjoy this game. Hunting T-Rex is still a challenge for me. And I believe that's the end of all the challenge. Will I still enjoy after I got T-rex? I dunno. I guess Im gonna finish every achievements in 10 hours only. I hope I still have the fun after that.But it is still worth it."
,Recommended,293520,16730896,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SpursBaconPKT,Amazing graphics!Terrible Ai!Can sneak up to dinos!Shoot stuff!Have stuff!Money stuff!yey.
76561198024512894,Not Recommended,293520,25297005,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PIN34PPLEXPRESS,"A game with so much potential abandoned by devs, constantly crashes, stuttering gameplay, half completed AI and left with so little content. Such a shame to waste such potential...even the appstore version was better. Good graphics cant even be used as a selling point if everything else is half done, you just can't polish a turd..."
,Recommended,293520,27027213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lippy,It's great for about 3 hours
76561198165729622,Recommended,293520,16101388,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,AlphaCommander42,Great game! The graphics and models are awesome. The dinosaurs move realistic and even sleep. There are two different skins of each dinosaur. All in all it's a beautiful dinosaur game.
76561198130621061,Recommended,293520,16178568,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,katrina3rd,"GOOD NOTES. ( could go in bad notes )  can be clocked in 1 day,. more realistic dinos then the hunter primal. realistic dino behavour   ( exsample )  dino drinking water.BAD NOTES. 1 crossbow shot kills a Triceratops.  ... really ....  No raptors  ( why not there so cute ).  No prone stance for shooting.  Easy too obtain new equipment      ( in other words too cheap ).  No shotgunOVERALL SUMMARYVERY NICE TRY - BUT THE HUNTER PRIMAL WOULD EAT YOU FOR SUPPER - YUM YUM"
76561198220327955,Recommended,293520,34384001,Posted: 20 August,all,Arik,Very good hunting game!
,Not Recommended,293520,16287247,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,bvbblepop,"The game's novelty wears off really fast. I've never played any of the other ones from this series but if they are anything like this, I don't know how people keep from getting bored. It turns into an arcade grind fest. And there seems to only be 5-6 dinosaurs that you can ""actually"" hunt. I'm not counting the random Pterodactyls you can shoot down for extra crystals. On the plus side, I will say the dinosaurs look good. Their AI is really buggy sometimes but that makes for some really funny hunting moments. My recommendation is that you wait till a big Steam sale (aka the incoming 2015 Summer Sale)."
76561198123353995,Not Recommended,293520,19089918,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,abramswolfdriver,"I fell in love with Carnivores, the original, when it first came out fifteen or so years ago. However long it was. But this game is far less impressive than that old gem of a game. Fewer dinosaurs. And horrible issues. My computer requirements are more than enough for this game yet it wouldn't play. It kept crashing and bullet registration was next to nothing. It worked fine shooting the targets in the shooting range. But out in the hunt. Nothing seemed to happen when shooting the dinosaurs. Pretty graphics, much better than the original ofcourse. But pretty graphics is not what a game makes. I requested a refund not even forty minutes into 'game play' because half of that time was dealing with it not opening or working. It's a shame that I have to say to save your money and maybe visit this game a long time from now after more fixes or patches have occured."
76561198069676158,Not Recommended,293520,16433094,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,kodylittleman,Game was boring and not nearly as good as the older one's.
76561198081517496,Not Recommended,293520,16511498,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bomb Ninja,I used to play this when i was a kid many years ago and it terrified me. I want to re-live those experiences but its impossible with the fps i get from this. I can run any other game smooth as can be on 1360-780 with ease. Its just not enjoyable how slow it runs for me and i cannot find a fix. I've tried contacting the website for the game and asking on steam with no luck. Someone please help me get this game running good so i can experience my terror of being eaten again.
76561198055431714,Recommended,293520,16871422,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,E-Dog,Really fun but major complaint...You can't hunt a Spinosaurus
76561198045622614,Not Recommended,293520,21063426,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Eyekill,"I remember playing Carnivores 2 as a kid and thought hey this could be fun. It's some how worse than a game that was made over 15 years ago. Less weapons, worse controls, and a very odd points system. This one however plays like an IOS mobile game. For example they award gems for dino kills, it has the stink of a micro transaction all over it. I was expecting a blast from the past, but i ended up with a mediocre IOS to PC port. I am currently steam refunding my copy."
76561198055210152,Recommended,293520,28995070,Posted: 3 January,all,floridatgurl,"its definately a hunting game,hunting when i was young was kinda boring,looking forever for prey,same here in this hunting game,your wandering around looking for a dino,its slow but fun,i only use the darts and check for a pulse,lol"
,Recommended,293520,24410531,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jopsoremon,This game brings back hours of nostalgia from when I was a kid and played the original carnivores. Lots of people complain about what it DOESN'T do. People should instead think of the pros.Pros: Has MUCH better graphicsHas more realistic huntingDinosaurs have realistic placingWhere you shoot on the dinosaur actually mattersCons: Should have a few more places and guns.P.S. I bought this game at full price and DID NOT think it was a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,293520,16062920,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SourNipples,"As much as I wanted to recommend this because the originals were childhood favorites of mine, there's just so little content in this game, 5 dinosaurs and 4 weapons if I can remember correctly. Also it looks like it was ported straight off the PS3 (I'm pretty sure it was, it was released on PSN as an arcade game), and that's not a huge issue, I just hate ugly UI's. The gameplay isn't bad, just sprinting around an island until you find a dinosaur, but the AI isn't the smartest, they'll get stuck in trees/rocks/spin in circles a lot. I'd wait to see if they patch, or update this. If anything, you should go check out Carnivores 2. It's waaaaaay outdated graphically, but a much better game, more maps, dinosaurs, weapons, ect."
76561198183842129,Not Recommended,293520,24977375,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,God.,The game overall was pretty bad and not only that the first time i logged on it worked fine but the second time the whole game just crashed and never reopened again and you know what it didnt even matter because the game has horrible graphics and game mechanics the developers have just given up on this game and it is just a downright a monstrosity and a fail game that tried to copy the hunter primal i expected much better from this absolute piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥because i used to have the ios game on my ipad carnivores dino hunter and it wasnt that bad definitly do not reccomend pls do not waste your precious 20$ on this garbage and if any body knows how i can get a refund evem if i have had this game for a while and played for over 90 mins pls help me.
,Recommended,293520,20885672,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥It's a dinosaurJesus ChristWhat the ♥♥♥♥?Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing God♥♥♥♥ing dinosaursHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥What the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck?
76561198263345767,Not Recommended,293520,20862831,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,War Nipple,has no debug mode so you can fly around the map and shoot things
76561198132429906,Not Recommended,293520,17836484,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,hawkboy2002,If you wnt to play Carnivors ge the mobile versions it is better every way
76561198185565719,Not Recommended,293520,18480528,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,alexander.gcalvillo,"This game will not play at all on my system, there is some kind of error code that I cannot fix. What a waste of $15.00"
76561198131719713,Recommended,293520,23461374,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,plague dragon,gg
76561198272873161,Not Recommended,293520,21041660,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,firelaser56,Wow not a good game at all. Wont let me refund it.
76561198078844172,Recommended,293520,28895060,Posted: 1 January,all,Meddalin,I love this game i have only played it 30 minutes  they should make ice age and please add more dinos and weapons to this one thanks a bunch tatem
,Not Recommended,293520,16156078,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Best Doggo,"I want to like this game, I really do. But it's hard to. I grew up playing Carnivores and Carnivores 2. So i was really excited to play this. But it feels like an arcade shooter unlike the original games. It took me 3-6 shots to take down a dinosaur, and when i got close to claim the trophy it was STILL alive. I thought this was a hunting game, Not a poaching game."
,Not Recommended,293520,16199355,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,^^,errorific
76561198046675266,Recommended,293520,18105460,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dustin,"I own Carnivore, Carnivores 2, and Carnivores: Ice Age. So I was really excited to play a brand new Carnivores game!The graphics are amazing and very much improved with a spectacular environment having lots of trees rocks etc. giving you many areas to hide! The gameplay is very similar to the original, being dropped on an island hunting dinosaurs.You start by only able to hunt one species, and gain gems depending on the size and accuracy of the dinosaurs.These gems are then used to unlock new locations, new deadlier dinosaurs, and upgrade your gear weapons and person attributes.The amount of gems you need to unlock the new dinosaurs is kind of ridiculous but that's what keeps you playing.There are a few things different compared to the original series.First of all the dinosaurs you hunt are 50 times bigger! Way more threatening and more crucial to hide.Sadly there aren't as many dinosaurs to hunt including the Velociraptors. Which were super tiny, fast and hard to hunt without being seen/killed first.The death scene isn't to interesting, in the originalyou saw your dead body while the dinosaur ate you or the T-Rex flinging you around. While this game just has the dinosaur opening his jaws in slow motion and ending the game.Very enjoyable, and it's a great game just like it's predecessors!10/10"
76561198051491087,Not Recommended,293520,30763159,Posted: 26 March,all,LUK3theNUK3,GREAT GAME but i get a insertion failure on half the levels
76561198145632553,Not Recommended,293520,30009124,Posted: 18 February,all,dan_assaf,"I was just looking for a fun Hunting game what brought me to this conclusion was the fun I was having in the very limited experience offered in GTA 5 Hunting with Trevor, Ironically you get a HECK of a lot more weapons options in GTA 5 Hunting than in Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn.... I have never really played any hunting games before but came to the conclusion of buying this one.Took me less than 24hrs to completely finish the game...All Weapons... All Upgrades, except for the Decoy Upgrades because they seem to be bugged, Decoy/Retrieve is the same key so I must sacrifice one for the other, if I have Decoy than I cannot retrieve, if I want to retrieve then I cannot have Decoy...LIMITATIONS:3 maps.3 Weapons.2 Predators.The thrill is fun when you spot a Carnivore and stalk it even more when it notices you and you need to go into emergency mode or get killed. All in all a simple and very fun game for the first day or 2 but because of lack of content it becomes stale swiftly.Seriously Lacks depth though."
76561198060694214,Not Recommended,293520,16078481,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Metal Undivided,"TL;DR As of 30.05.15 game heavily lacks of content. Wait for the developers to add some (will they?) and then buy it. Regardless of that game looks, feels and plays great.And now the details:Pros:+A great remake of good ol' Carnivores 2 with all the original mechanics and a couple of new ones.+Looks great (a bit blury but you get used to it)+Feels great. Nowadays indie games are common to be really 'creaky' and not very responsible. Good thing this is not one of them.+Pretty optimized.Cons:-Lack of content. Not just new one but content in general.  3 maps (plus their variations like fog or dusk), 4 weapons, 6 huntable dinosaurs and a dozen of equipment is all this game has for now.-Dinosaurs AI. Seems to be unchagned since 1999. Carnivores are not dangerous at all as long as you're on top of some rock. Herbivorous are likely to stuck (or even go inside) in rocks while trying to run away.Overall:As it is now game is just for a single night. Hope it's going to get some deveoplment cause potential is really big."
76561198059849674,Recommended,293520,30934001,Posted: 3 April,all,btwilkins,IT'S A GAME IT'S FUN
76561198015400310,Not Recommended,293520,16101070,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Intercorpcom,Well This is a lot the old game which would not be bad....but its still SLOW....KEY'S hang bah bah....nota very good job....if you have to shoot some get something else!!....or at least on sell 75%-90% OFF!!
76561197982089533,Recommended,293520,21357658,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Chaos GMR,"A remake from an old game that simulated hunting dinosaurs. I rather liked the concept back in the day and thoroughly liked the improvements on this remake, visuals as well."
76561198042582066,Recommended,293520,16249027,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,rlaszcz500,"Great game, a few sound and video bugs but just as good as the old version of Carnivores."
,Recommended,293520,16986639,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ArKanJiL,"Pretty darn good. Fans of the original series will probably really enjoy this one. Checking out the available guns gave me a really cool burst of nostalgia, remembering the original X-Bow and having it return. The graphics are great and very immersive, and the whole feel is very detailed and really pulls you in.That said, there are some minor things, like crashes when loading new levels, or ""helpful"" dialogs like ""you can press shift to sprint"" popping up way too frequently. There's also not a big variety of guns - just a Rifle, the X-Box, and a Sniper Rifle.Overall I'd recommend it if only for hunting dinosaurs in a very Carnivores-like environment. If you're a fan of the original series, you'll love it."
76561198039484971,Recommended,293520,17104301,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Galactic Chicken,"Carnivores Reborn for P.C. : What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said ?I'm not going to go on about its predecessors becaue quite frankly, this is another game..all together.Yes there are dinosaurs, and hunting with weapons, but to be honest those are the only thing's these two games share ( and the developers Tatem games ).I can honetly say the moniker ""reborn' is not only justified, but if you ( like me )  played the old ones, well its like night and day.Now lets pretend for a moment that the old ones dont exist, which means we have never played a satisfying hunting game with dinosaurs ( thats right folks, these guys invented the genre ).There is no crafting, there is no online-multiplayer, no modding, and no levels or any crap like that.Just straight up hunting dinosaurs, and unlocking stuff to do so.Whats cool to me is the dinosaurs act like they're alive.What do I mean by this ?Well for one, they walk around and eat stuff constantly ( herbavore, and carnivore alike ).They also frequent the water holes, and actually drink from it ( sounds, and all ).Whats more this game actively features baiting, you can down a stego or what have you, and if the Rex is near by, you can bet he will arrive shortly, and lay claim to the fresh kill giving you the opportunity for a clear shot, but be quick about it, as the size of the kill determines how much meat is on it, and therefore how long he'll be feasting.Stuff like this is so cool to me, even without the hunting, but you can do it.These guys literally took all the stuff from the old games that I loved so much, and gave it life.No its not very difficult ( jumping on a 2 ft high rock typically saves you from anything, though there are some clipping issues ), and some of the dinosaur sounds don't really make you feel like your in a prehistoric world ( the Pteranodon sounds like a very loud bird ).there are only 6 or 7 huntable dinosaurs at this time, with 3 static species ( though I, like many others are hoping for more eventually down the road ).For 15 bucks you can't really go wrong with this game if you're a dinosaur enthusast like I am.If however you like a little more action, or you want something you can play for days on end you may want to either pass on it or wait for a sale, because this game isn't really that fast paced, or stressfull ( unless your running for a rock because your getting hunted down ), and after a while your going to get bored.No, this is the kind of game you come back to weekly, and relax, because you love it ( at least thats how I play it ).All I have to say about this game really is "" its about dam time"", and "" please devs don't stop adding stuff to this game"" because in the 17 or so years between the old ones, and this new iteration its been like a giant void if you're talking about hunting, and dinosaurs in the same sentence, and as crazy as this sounds its true..Dinosaur hunting, and video games are two phases that should go hand in hand if you ask me, and thankfully what we have here is both, nothing more, nothing less."
76561198123270311,Recommended,293520,16774212,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Chris Pratt,"Filled with HD nostalgia for those who have played it before and if you havent you wont regret buying it great game for dinosaur lover 9/10Some new additions would be nice e.g.  More guns, more dinos, more maps but its understandable at the moment as the game isnt far out of release and it works amazingly well for a newly released game in the first place well don to the Devs for bringing back one of my all time favourite games!"
76561198111968299,Recommended,293520,16696869,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hammerark,"First thing I want to explain is this is a very reluctant recommendation and it only comes with this recommendation if you buy the game with the same expectations as what I had when I made the purchase.My expectations were low, I wanted a game that would give me something to play for a couple of days at most and the price reflected that status.What this game is :A time fillerA fun little game for dino fansNot great to look atNot optimised for PCNot very realisticNowhere near a hunting simulationWithin 10 hours you'll have seen and done everything this game has to offer and you'll likely not bother returning to it after that. There's not enough weapons to keep you interested, there's not enough dinosaurs, there's not enough variety in gameplay between levels. Find a rock, get yourself as high as possible and pick off the dino's. That's it really, you don't notice any difference when upgrading your characters loadout. Once you get that sniper rifle you'll breeze through the rest of the game. BUT IT WAS FUN WHILE IT LASTED."
,Recommended,293520,16700335,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Guffaluff,"I'm not gonna make this too long, so lets get to it!I played the original Carnivores games to death, loved them, loved the challenge, and above all .. dinos!This is pretty much the same formula. You start off easy, with a rifle and a map to be dropped in. Over time, you hunt dinos, earning gems and score points to advance, get better gear, collect more dinos as trophies etc.My biggest gripe with the game is, and keep in mind I'm comparing to the original game, that it's a bit too easy. After only over 7hrs of playtime, I have enough gems and score to play the last map, with hunting license for all dinos, using the sniper rifle fully upgraded, with all equipment .. if I'd want so. To retain some challenge I don't use anything that wouldn't be possible in real life. As example the radar that shows you dino position. But it still gets a bit easy. But with that said, lets do a quick pro/con:Pros:+ Decent graphics+ Runs well+ Nostalgic trip for players of originals+ Dinos+ Plenty of upgrades/equipment to get+ Fun gameplayCons:- A little too easy compared to originals- Could use more dinos, 6 huntable species so far. Missing the Raptors and Allosaurus from the original (Possibly coming in a future update/DLC according to devs)- Few weapons (also, possible addition via future update/DLC)But all in all, I'm having a blast, and despite having unlocked everything in a pretty short period of time, I still see myself playing this one quite a bit more, dropping in and out for a few good hunts, trying to inch my way further up the leaderboards, collecting trophies.At $15 (at the time of this review), it's a really fun game for a bargain :)"
,Recommended,293520,18839094,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hustler-One,"This game is a decent throw back to the original, but there are a few things that bug me about it1. Not a variety of dino's to hunt2. No dense of danger3. Very, very easy4. No hidden easter eggs5. Small MapsIf you are a fan of the original, don't get your hopes up too much about this game, but def give it a shot."
,Recommended,293520,18847695,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,oubaasusa,"This is straight forward dinosaur hunting.  There is no survival aspect or any of that stuff.  They just drop you off on an island and you hunt dinsosaurs, which you display in your space age trophy room.I wanted a dinosaur title, I've loved dinosaurs since I was a kid in grammar school back during the Cuban Missile Crisis, but I didn't want a lot of complications.  I just wanted to hunt them.  This is just the ticket.The graphics are beautiful, and the game runs just fine with all the eye candy maxed out on my AMD 1090T 3.2 GHz 6-core, ATI Radeon R9 280X-DC2 TOP, 16 GB DDR3 RAM machine.You may find warnings about AMD/ATI systems on this title, but you don't have to worry.  Simply set all your graphics options in game, including AA and AF, and then add the game to your Catalyst Control Center and set everything to ""Use Application Settings"".  You won't have any problems.If you're looking for just straight forward, uncomplcated dinosaur hunting with beautiful graphics, this will do it.Highly Recommended."
76561198020620184,Recommended,293520,17578436,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Killer Queen,"This game is a remake of the first PC game I ever played, Carnivores. This game does the rest of the carnivore series great justice by making the dinosaurs and terrains straight up beautiful and making the dinosaurs themselves huge. Only thing I dislike about this game is that unlike the other games in its series it has very few dinosaurs to even hunt, not even the velociraptor. If you want variety in what you hunt I recomend the series remakes on mobile instead but hopefully they will add in additional dinosaurs as dlc or in an update. Overall its a pretty good game but could be better..."
,Recommended,293520,17584406,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,FuDDz,"Aggiornamenti, ci sono pochi dinosauri e l'ho già finito"
,Recommended,293520,16744914,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Viper Nakajima,"As a kid, i used to play Carnivores a whole lot. Dinosaurs (as with every child) were a huge thing to me. This game brings back old memories and gets them all prettyed up and makes it feel just like it used to. Visually It's nice, not comparing it with higher-end games cause it's not meant to be one. My only gripe is with the sound design. I've heard a lot of the dino's grunts, screams, or what have you before and in some cases they don't really sound like they should. What i DO like, is they kept the old death scream the player character shouts before they get eaten.  Minor things of course. It feels good, plays well and rewards you for actually ""hunting"" instead of running around with a gun in your hand on an island full of dinosaurs. There seems to be 3 different maps but they are reused in different ways for variety like fog and time of day.  If you've played the Carnivors games in the past i definately recommend you pick this up. Even if you haven't, watch someone else play it. (like Poet)Overall 7/10Would get thrown into the air and devored by a T-Rex again."
,Recommended,293520,16752224,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LeQuack,"The graphics are entirely acceptable, the upgrade system is neat, and you can hunt a freakin T-Rex. Sounds good to me."
,Recommended,293520,17885682,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,RaidenRaccoon,"I've been playing the Carnivores series since I was 5 or 6. Played the original one when It first came out. I have to say, out of all of them, this one (Reborn) is by far my favorite.I have it on the Playstation 3 as well, but you just can't beat a mouse and keyboard in FPS games.Tatem seems to do a good job keeping bugs under control. I've only noticed 3 so far, the biggest one is the dinosaurs get caught in one place a lot. Makes them way too easy to kill in certain situations imo.Would like for that to be remedied in a future patch, cause it is a buzz kill to accidentily alert a T-rex only to have it get caught on a rock on his way to me. The 'oh sh*t!' immediately fades into an 'oh okay..."" *casually fire weapon* *T-rex casually dead*Other than that, this is a brilliant hunt game and if you're a fan of the previous Carnivores games, it's a definite must buy.Here's hoping Tatem makes a Carnivores: Ice Age remake like this either as a standalone game or DLC"
,Recommended,293520,16603480,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cosmodog,"If you've ever played the original Carnivores, this game is the most faithful remake/reboot you will ever see. Beautiful graphics, neat new features, but the core experience of the original games. For those who haven't played it, it is a hunting game where you are put on a large island (there are several islands in the game) and you must track down dinosaurs and kill them. Each dinosaur has their own weak points on their bodies, and some like the Ankylosaurus and Triceratops have armoured body parts that make it more difficult. Each dinosaur has a unique sense of sight, hearing, and smell, and different behaviour patterns. For instance, the Stegosaurus is docile and will only run away when it detects you. The Ceratosaurus is a carnivore and will try to eat you, but if you wound it badly, it will retreat. I haven't encountered the T-Rex yet in this new game, but they are probably going to be much more aggressive.The only negative thing I can point out about the game is that it is missing Velociraptors. They were a very unique dinosaur in the old games and I would have loved to see them return in the new one, especially since they are such a popularly known dinosaur."
76561198197969774,Recommended,293520,16235096,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,For The Covenant,Amazing.Please add more dinosaurs though.
76561197987085996,Recommended,293520,16225189,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Nomad,I love this game! It is highly reccomended for fans of the original and anyone who loves dinsours or hunting.
76561198195887193,Recommended,293520,16278031,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fury X,This is were i remember play the old carnivores when i was 13' i am a huge fan of carnivores and thank you tatem games :)
76561198044755293,Recommended,293520,16810483,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sgt SpiffyWiffy,theres not really a lot to say about this game theres nothing wrong with it other then its empty theres 3 guns and 8 dinos it feels like a dome
76561198103759877,Recommended,293520,16831027,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Skarecrow,"THIS is how you update an ageing game series. Although I hold both this game and the series it belongs to in high reguards as pretty much the best Dino themed games on the market... I have some gripes. So, pros and cons!Pros:1) Beautifully animated animals with realistic behaviors.2) Plenty of options to tweak so the visuals and controls can be customised.3) Gem system gives players something to work towards4) NO RAPTORS! Finally a game that doesn't feel the need to shove more friggin' Raptors in our faces xDCons:1) Only 2 carnivores in a game called carnivores? What's up with that? It's 'cuz you took the Raptors out, isn't it?2) Guns and environments are also VERY limited. The mobile versions have TONS of content compared to this.3) Occasionally buggy. The dropship engine sound sometimes plays permanently in my copy and I've had one forced close happen. To be fair these are fairly minor with easy fixes but still...So to conclude; This is easily the most fun and best implemented Dino fps you can buy right now IN MY OPINION! Buuuuut, if the were to patch in a few more species (Carnotaurus, Dilophosaurus, Baryonyx, Apatosaurus etc...) and maybe another region and weapon (Like a shotgun maybe?)... If they added stuff like that, this would be the ultimate Dinosaur themed game.Anyway, nuff said. Go buy it xD"
,Recommended,293520,16333279,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Walker Trips,"Okay, getting it out of the way; you're not dealing with feathered dinos so we lack realism on that level. However... this hunting sim is fun! It runs on low specs, so if you're bummed right now about not being able to play some of the latest dino treats due to needing a decent GFX setup, this game will give you hours of competetive enterainment. Runs nicely and the level tier system is flexible helping you experiment to get new levels and weapons (the crossbow is obviously the best! It's a goddamn crossbow!) If you just wanna hunt some mutant dinos, that's exactly what you get. An island safari with bigger animals! No crafting, no worries about game over meaning losing everything, just enjoy the safari! And watch out- those creatosaurs sneak up on you!Suggestiong to Devs:New dinosaurs (more realistic, like 3ft feathered raptors or archeopteryx and some mosasaurs n such-esentially the pteranodons are a nice touch- and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to take down!) would be awesome. Though you guys have a great game here. I wanted a first person dinosaur game which I could play with my son, and you delivered. I'm surprised I only heard of this last night! Good work overall!"
76561198160129376,Recommended,293520,16038768,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,beauchemin13,"Not much time in game yet BUT my first impressions are that it's an awesome game. The tutorial was informative enough to get started and have an idea of what to do, but it didn't feel over bearing either. One thing I had to do was turn up the brightness when I got in game, but that's a total nonissue. Game play is smooth, and as expected slow. But the slowness is what makes the hunts satisfying in my opinion after finally getting a kill, even more after getting it in one shot. Things such as wind direction, sound, movement speed all play a roll in how the hunt goes, so this game defiantly favors the patient player. There's no resupply points in game, or at least any that I've come across, so you have a limited number of rounds. If I remember right it's 15 until you purchase one of the perks. I think that this was a good idea on the park of the devs as this forces players to make each shot count if they plan on having a long hunt. In addition to the hunting mode, the game offers an observation mode that allows players to watch how their targets behave. I personally haven't used this feature yet, but I do plan to.You start out with a bolt action rifle with no scope, and at first I thought that would be a sever limitation; I'm happy to say I was wrong. The starting weapon feels balanced enough to get started, although I feel that 500 gems to unlock the sniper rifle feels a little much at this point in the game, but I may change my mind on that. The game also offers a firing range to try out weapons, and targets will show the locations of vitals. I found this to be a very good idea, as this at least lets you get a working idea of where to aim on your target when you get into the field.The AI is satisfying at this point, although the dinosaurs that I've hunted SO FAR have sounded like bears. Dinosaurs that I've encounter so far have acted pretty much how I would expect that species to act. One thing I did notice was that one of the little ambient dinosaurs would appear to almost clip when taking a turn while running around, but this didn't break immersion for me. The coolest thing, I think, is when the ship comes to pick up kills. The ship picks you up in the same way when you decide that it's time to leave the arena, an idea that I thought was awesome. There seems to be a decent selection of dinosaurs to hunt at this time, but from what I've read there are plans to add two more to the game.Overall the game is very good, probably a few things that could be polished a little bit more, but nothing that makes the game unplayable or anything that is super distracting. With a $15 price tag it's worth picking up."
76561198089742523,Recommended,293520,16067542,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Samerox,"ahem, carnivores?"
76561198031650222,Recommended,293520,16086909,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zombetty,Awesome.
76561198048302381,Recommended,293520,16088552,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hepyrian.,"Carnivores is one of the first games I ever played, so I am completely nostalgia blind by this game. I think it's awesome, simply because it perfectly puts me back into the shoes of childhood me playing this game oh so long ago,"
,Recommended,293520,16043962,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"Not a bad dinosaur hunting game considering the price. The islands are a nice size, not too big but big enough to hide your prey so hunting requires patience and alertness. Limited ammo is a pain but this just makes you try and shoot better.  A nice range of dinosaurs to hunt (or be hunted by) and good looking environments.I recommend this for anyone who doesn't get upset by harming dinosaurs and likes the Jurassic park films."
76561198051435385,Recommended,293520,16044593,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Brennus,"Great job at honoring the original game, Graphics are nice and the weapons work well. any fan of the original Carnivores should pick this one up.Only negative things for me was the death animations, I miss the quick and violent deaths that could come out of no where in the original games, the deaths in this game lose all of the fear factor. I also would have liked the environment to be a more authentic mesozoic ecosystem, though its better than almost any other dinosaur game so its hardly worth mentioning. I also would like to have seen some interactions between the Dinosaurs. thus far I have not seen a predator hunting anything but me, and it would be neat to see the animals behave in more social ways.All in all though its a great Dinosaur game for a great price."
,Recommended,293520,16045037,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Flogner5,"This game stays true to the old one, I can already tell.  If you loved Carnivores, you'll love this.  It takes some getting used to, and feels quite different from other modern day games, but if you're a Carnivores fan it's a can't miss."
76561198072029989,Recommended,293520,16054707,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,A Mori For Laurie,"An excellent hunting game on its own. Really captures the atmosphere of the original Carnivores series if you've played them before. There are a few issues, such as the small roster of dinosaurs and the ai occasionally getting stuck on the environment, but it really is impressive for a kickstarter game that didn't even reach its goal.I genuinely wish the best of luck for this game on Steam and hope to see future DLC for it."
,Recommended,293520,16199261,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cheesy Jesus,"Waited a long time for this game. Throughout my childhood I indulged myself in the unique experience of being able to go hunting for extinct lizards on a distant planet thanks to the original games. Felt like I was role playing Terra Nova or Jurassic Park. This game is strikingly similar to its original counterpart by allowing the same starting menu that allows for certain perks to be equipped prior to each hunt and allowing for as many ""Kills"" as you have ammo to store. If you are less for killing something that exists purely within imagination, than you can enjoy this games beautifully preserved observer mode and you could play assumingly like David Attenbrough would. Carnivores maintains the original gameplay with improved graphics and mechanics and provokes a sense of nostalgia that was otherwise forgotten.10/10"
76561198089218772,Recommended,293520,16218236,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Vital Apex,I enjoyed what time i have spent playing earning my way through the different maps! gettting gems to get better weapons!
76561198047753984,Recommended,293520,16251897,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,A worm of the 64 variety,"I'm a fan of this game series, and this one was a nice little game, but I can't help but feel that this game could have a little more to it, all the same.This game had a kickstarter that I ultimately contributed to, only to get refunded a few days later because the kickstarter failed. As a result, the game didn't have a lot of the extra content that was going to go into it, initially.Hopefully as time goes by and the game continues to turn a profit, the creators will begin to add things to the game and keep it fresh and replayable. Until then, I think it's worth your time if you're a fan of the series."
76561198033322086,Recommended,293520,16148624,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mae,"I loved the old carnivores games. nice game, but it needs more dinosaurs, especially carnivore dinos, the game is called CARNIVORES, not HERBAVORES. but still good game : )"
76561198150696981,Recommended,293520,16254715,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Comrade Twinkster,"Great game, wish there was more worry to the game, once you get the Sniper and revolver and get the weak spots down it's basically just getting the achievements."
76561198233314884,Not Recommended,293520,17385107,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A Decent Man,nope dont buy they just walked away they abandonded the game it was good at the start they were updating it then thats it they walked away
,Recommended,293520,16066099,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[HDN]White Heart,Didn't think i'd ever get a T-Rex on the first try and it only took 5 minutes of radar scanning :D10/10 If you like playing the Carnivores series and remember aim for the eyes recommend the sniper rifle at 120m-180m for that.
76561198020439009,Recommended,293520,16126300,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Phelps,"As being a past player of carnivores, and carnivores ice age and fell in love with both of them i was very excited to see a new game come out and without waiting i purchased it.The game features the same wepons like the basic rifle, xbow, and the sniper rifle, even a side arm as a pistol.the game features many new things.the game lacks in amount of dinosaurs to hunt and there is only two carnivores. No raptors.im hoping that the future updates will hold new dinosaurs, new weapons, new maps as they get quite old after awhile and only a few shine and are fun to play mainly. But in the end is it worth the 15$? Yes i do think as it stands its worth every bit of it.8/10"
76561198161366088,Recommended,293520,22511258,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,GhostS,"It's a nice game,BUT i've gt an assertion failed.How can i fix it?"
76561198215852953,Recommended,293520,22516588,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,camblaauw,Please help i dont know how to open M.I.S.T
76561198306752999,Recommended,293520,30759877,Posted: 26 March,all,destroyerofworlds,"Great game, but could use more dinosaurs, guns, and maps. The older carnivores are better when it comes to that stuff. The graphics are way better then the old"
76561198044554428,Not Recommended,293520,28249393,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BuddyFriend,"maybe you could find it fun,but, just didnt hit the spot for me. I just want to hunt dinosuars. Not buy mega death crystals to earn an upgrade so my rifle and shoot a little farther"
76561198174218921,Recommended,293520,29924712,Posted: 14 February,all,soxson,"Really kinda lame. You can only bring one Primary weapon and a secondary weapon. In other carnivores games, you can bring up to 7. Graphics are okayish but dinosaur movement is just pathetic. It's almost as if the game is lagging when the dinosaurs move, but it's not. Also, dinosaurs often become frozen when shot/startled and don't move well. Sometimes, when they turn around, they literally stay fixed in one spot, while they rotate, without moving a single muscle, and then begin moving again. Overall disapointed with this game compared to the other great carnivores games I've played. 3/5 stars."
,Recommended,293520,29882899,Posted: 12 February,all,Peter,"I was having doubts before purchasing this, I was afraid it wasn't going to be any fun nor capture the spirit of the original Carnivore games.But it does, this is the BEST Carnivores game ever made. I am very glad I got it!The mechanics have been improved, it is very simple and straightforward and it rewards you fairly."
76561198122621169,Recommended,293520,30224687,Posted: 27 February,all,Gnome Goatee,"Amazing game based off the old Carnivores games. Back when I got my first Win 98 PC I got Carnivores: Ice Age at a garage sale and played the hell out of it and later played the rest of the series. If you played the series you'll probably like this game.Pros:- Visuals are amazing and the simulation really feels realistic.- The M.I.S.T. tracking hud was done perfect and has a great amount of options.- Dino's look really good and their animations/sounds are perfect even down to the Dino dying the Dino will stagger.- Lots of upgrades and a good amount of different places to visit.- Aiming feels solid and how much damage or hit area a Dino can take feels realistic too.- FPS is always really good for my gaming laptop.Cons:- Most Dino's are passive and will just run away when shot like a deer. To me this is more realistic, but some people wanting exact gameplay like the original Carnivores series might be disappointed.- No nightvision. This is something that was a let down for me coming back from the old games. This is something that would have been easy to add to the game at later maps against aggressive Dino's for more excitement.- Dino's will run into terrain every once in a while and get stuck on trees. This isn't something that happens a lot, but when it does it ruins the immersion.- There is one error I get every once in a while that crashes the game. Its happened 2 times to me, but only happens right when starting a new hunt so no progress is lost so its not a big deal to me.- Only 3 primary weapons in the game. While the amount of customization is good there's only 3 primary weapons you can get which is kind of disappointing. The gun you start out with will most likely become your favorite since it seems to be the best balanced.9/10Btw something to be weary of is that this game seems to always auto start in low process for me and I have to switch it higher. Another thing is make sure its using your best graphics card if you have a hybrid graphics card."
76561198064029253,Recommended,293520,30277033,Posted: 2 March,all,SoulViper19,"Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter RebornIs the latest release in the Carnivores Franchise, essentially an update of Carnivores HD. And it's an okay game for a reboot of the franchise.I am very neutral to the game, as I find it to be a lot of fun, but not without feeling that this game squandered most of its potential. This is where my neutrality plays its part, as I have a balanced like and dislike toward this.Pro's and Con'sTo get down to it, the game is set on the series titular planet, UMM-UV32, evidenced by returning locations which only share their names with their original counterparts.Maps:The maps are very lackluster and lack anything of interest, save pretty scenery in theGreat Forestmap, and the Basmachee Rocks map (my favorite in the game.) If you were expecting a wide variety of locations complete with their own unique fauna, Dino's and Ambiance, then you'll have better luck with a mod for Carnivores 2.Maps are rehashed multiple times, with there being dusk and fog variant maps. In total there are three maps, but they have variations, boring and thoughtless variations with a few new dinos and a surprise one you wouldn't know was in it until you actually went looking. I would have loved a night-time map, or maybe something other than the same locations over and over again. An aviary or an old DinoHunt Corp facility would have been nice.Dinosaurs:Essentially the butter to the games bread, the Dinosaurs in this game are anatomically correct, unlike Carn 1 and 2 (they were more artistic,) beautiful to look at, and they sound wonderful, except the Ankylosaurus, I didn't much like their roar.They move wonderfully, shifting their weight and behaving with majestic splendour, and they sound lovely too.That's about all the good I can say about them though. We get a roster of six Dino's, guess how many are carnivores...TWO!!!The T.Rex and the Ceratosaurus are terrifying in this game, but only when you don't expect them, and encounters with them can be especially damning in the foggy map variants, but these are the only carnivores in the whole game, and it's really a shame they couldn't add Velociraptor, Spinosaurus, Coelophysis or many of the classics.In my time playing this game over the past four days, I have taken time to admire the Dinosaurs, as well as occasionally revile them for some cheap deaths and loss of progress they can cause to the unwary. Their pathfinding could have used some work, especially since the Dino's needed more life. They sleep, they eat, they drink, the predators look for you, which can be scary, but that's all really, but they never really feel mindless.I am disapointed at the lack of variety, they try to spruce things up with mutant Dino's but it's honestly very disappointing to encounter them, save the Rex though, fear the Rex.Weapons:No complaints here, this is an actualPro.They take a bit of time to get used to, there's no crosshair, so you have to rely on the reticle on the barrel, or rely on a scope, they don't hold your hand. This game isn't a shooter so don't expect to go in guns ablazing. There are lots of returning weapons, the X-bow, the Magnum and the Sniper Rifle are some (there's only four weapons.)M.I.S.T:Essentially your lifeline, it's a device that you can use to keep track of Dinosaurs, call them, use as a telescope, call in evac, and claim trophy's, useful, and it makes playing a little more challanging as you can't have it up at the same time as holding gun.Unlockables:These require gems, you get gems for knocking down Dino's and confirming the kill, these can be used to purchase hunting gear, player and M.I.S.T upgrades, as well as two of the three main weapons.Final ThoughtsCalling this a neutral review is a stretch but my complaints are sound, and relatable to anyone who has played the game and thought the way I do. This game is fun, I have a lot of fun with this game, but it's missing a lot of things to make it fantastic.It lacks a proper selection of Dinosaurs (six isn't much) and it gets boring with the options available after a few hunts. I feel that there was more planned, but the budget just wasn't in it. Maps feel lifeless, atleast in the older games there were ambient Dinosaurs, this game has none of that which takes a lot out of the game. I would'v elove to listen to Brachs singing in the distance, or something other than utter silence. And I'm not saying there should be music either.Some of the things I would have done if I was lwad devloper, would add ambient sounds, more map selections, more weapons, and deffinitly more Dinosaurs. I'd've also added something memorable to each of the maps, something to make exploring worth while. Seems that wasn't on the table.To conclude, this game, for me personally, is a lot of fun, I enjoy this game very much, despite every issue I have with it. This game lacks updates, DLC and mod support. This game could benefit from a modding community and it's a shame that's not currently possible.I reccomend this game, it's fun for a while, but with Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter (or Carnivores 2, same game with more content) on the horizon, Reborn will be left obsolete in favor of one of its predecessors. I just recently bought the original Carnivores 2 from 1999 so I'll be having fun with that till the new Steam release.Okay game, I think it's fun, has a lot of issues and lacking in noteworthy content. I reccomend it if you're interested in Carnivores, this game is a good place to start, but ultimately, the originals are better. But I'll have a soft spot for this one for getting me hooked on the series."
,Not Recommended,293520,33907078,Posted: 30 July,all,Ikelae,"I am really disappointed by the lack of updated content.I really thought I would get more than 8 hours out of this someday, I guess not.Shame, there was a lot of potential to bring the series back in a strong way."
,Recommended,293520,33799781,Posted: 25 July,all,Keep_On_Loving_You,I absolutely love this game. I got introduced to the Carnivores series by playing the games for IOS and then I moved onto the PC games after seeing you could buy Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn on Steam. I have a soft spot for hunting games so this game ticks about all the boxes in that aspect.
76561198225356172,Not Recommended,293520,16558216,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nickchurch12,"I don't really know what to say anymore. Overall, this game was fun for a little while, but I feel that this game was poorly executed. There hasn't been an update in a couple of years now. No new content, no new creatures to hunt, no nothing. It makes me feel sad and disappointed that Carnivores has gone out with a sputter instead of a bang. I used to really love these games. Now, they feel like an empty graveyard littered with the corpses of dinosaurs and prehistoric animals that people have shot over and over again. It's disappointing and frustrating. The way I see it, they should have done the Kickstarter campaign long after the whole Stomping Land fiasco and subsequent player rage had quelled down. In my opinion, The Stomping Land, its Kickstarter campaign, its failure, and the scheming of the devs and project lead on that game that sent fans into a angry fit killed this game. Not saying it was the direct cause of this game being released as a lackluster port of the Carnivores HD game for PS3, but I can't help but think it was somehow a factor. I feel that, like the beloved Zoo Tycoon franchise, this series of games is officially dead. Extinct like the dinosaurs it tried to resurrect (pardon the obivous pun). Seriously though, I love games like this that try to bring prehistoric animals to life. To see this game series collapse and fail after having produced a successful PC line, then a line for mobile devices, coming back to PC with this game, it breaks my heart to see it happen. Personally, I wish games like Mesozoica and Saurian much better luck. Hopefully, they shall succeed where this game failed. We can only hope.Additional Note: Supposedly, Carnivores Dinosaur Hunter on mobile platforms was supposed to be out a few months back with the promise of new content to be implemented to all ports. However, considering Tatem Games' history of being lousy with release dates (far lousier than Ark despite the constant complaints on them not keeping with ETAs, yet people fail to see Tatem Games is far, far worse in this regard) and the fact supposedly only one person is working on the PC port, I am not convinced CDH on the PC will arrive any time soon."
,Not Recommended,293520,35140259,Posted: 22 September,all,blizzard season coat,Its quite bland. Also my game is always crashing. Not sure why.
