user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,293680,10004246,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BrightBlueInk,"I'm really interested in visual novels, particularly ones aimed at women, so I've been trying to make a point of everything available in English. I have to say, this is probably the best one I've seen so far.The aesthetics of this game are amazing. The art is beautiful, as you can see from the screenshots, but something they don't show is how everything looks in movement. The backgrounds are subtly animated and the text appears on the screen in a magical shine of color. It's mostly small touches, but it makes the game feel very unique from a lot of other indie visual novels that originally came out in English.Another thing that makes Cinders really stand out is the way they show you how your choices are affecting the game. Every time a line is changed due to one of your choices, a chime plays and a symbol appears in the corner. Once you reach certain goals (which you gain achievements for on Steam) the starting menu will change to show your awards. And after you reach an ending, there's a screen that shows you all the possible variables in the ending you achieved. I'm impressed to see that it looks like there's a LOT of variables in the ending I got, which makes me really interested in what other possibilities there are! (It should also help the game have lots of value as well--my first playthrough was probably around three hours or so, so I'm expecting to get a good amount of playtime in to complete all the endings and branching paths...10-15 hours is what I'm estimating right now.)I was also impressed by the number of choices present in the game--they happen frequently, and never feel pointlessly shoved in. I don't know how well the illusion of choice will hold up in further playthroughs but at least in this first one I really felt like my choices had an impact, which makes me very pleased.As for the story--I loved it. Nearly all of the characters are interesting and have different layers to uncover from what I've seen in the game so far. I particularly like what's been done with the stepsisters--the game doesn't quite make excuses for them, but does a lot to make it make sense why they'd be so cruel to Cinders. Finding out more about Sophia in particular (who is probably my favorite character) is something I'm looking forward to trying to uncover in later playthroughs.If I had one complaint, the only thing I could come up with is that at times the game's dialogue clashes with the tone they seem to be going for. They're trying to make the story feel like it's in a historical place--one where there are elements of fantasy, but that could otherwise reasonably exist at some point in history. But a lot of the dialogue feels oddly modern and even occasionally slang-y. I don't think this is exactly a problem, but it does clash at times with their attempts to make things feel 'historical.'But honestly, that's a nitpick, and one I gave partially so this review wouldn't be completely glowing. Otherwise, this is probably the best Visual Novel I've played, hands down. I'm glad it's finally showed up on Steam."
,Recommended,293680,30542991,Posted: 16 March,all,Faudraline,"""Rook di goo, rook di goo! No blood's in the shoe. The shoe's not too tight, This bride is right!"" -Cinderella, Jacob and Wilhelm GrimmAs the first of Moacube's visual novels,Cindersis a roaring success both for its genre and as an example of literary deconstruction. I've been meaning to play this game for years, and now I did, I cannot stop myself from taking new playthroughs to unlock all ending variants, to see what else this game may have in store for me. This unconventional interpretation of the classical folktaleCinderellabreaks all stereotypes and social generalizations, presenting an in-depth analysis of all its characters and probable intervening dynamics. Kudos to the developer upfront!At this point, everyone with a semi-European cultural understanding is familiar with the story of Cinderella. Poor, golden hearted young woman who is treated like a slave in her own home by her ambitious stepmother and evil stepsisters. All her kindness only meets with mistreatment until a fairy godmother appears to bless her with a magical dress, a pumpkin carriage and glass slippers to attend the ball of the Prince. There, she is to steal Prince's heart with a glance and become the queen of the kingdom after a short pursuit involving those glass slippers. There, happily ever after, right? Nope, not so much. The original story was a brutal one compared to the Disney-fied version anyhow, and withCindersnow, we are in for a more realistic version of the old fairytale.Here, our protagonist' conditions are more or less the same with the original story. Her father has passed away, and now she is living with her stepmother and two stepsisters, whom treat her little better than a servant. She wishes to change her life, take the control of her future and decide the outcome of her own story though, rather than waiting for magic to happen! Sure, waiting for magic to happen is still our option, but just one of our options nonetheless. We are to live through a week of Cinders to witness the events just before the guard captain of his majesty knocks on our door. What happened to present such a necessity? Now, that is gonna be our choice. We will create a Cinders of our own. We'll make various choices, pick how to act towards whom and what to pursue in the way we chose. Eventually, we will meet one of the various endings appropriate for our personality.In this glamorous visual novel, every single choice sincerely matters. Our actions determine our romance option - yup, we don't have to go happily ever after with the prince - , our character and eventually our own ending. Every single character involving - whether their role in the original story were small or grand - are reimagined into actual people, with their own personalities, background and aspirations. Did you ever think why the stepmother treated Cinderella the way she did? Just because she was evil? Or did you ever take a second glance at the captain of the guards? Why the fairy actually aided our girl the way she did? Because that's what fairies are supposed to do? Definitely not! Here, you are presented with a decent analysis of the story, stripped away from its embellishment and take a realistic approach to the situation, wrapped in genuine medieval context. The result is an incredible story with layers of characterization and perfect narrative with philosophical value.The display is topnotch. All the artwork - both characters and the environment are fitting for a fairytale alright. Yet, this is not the strongest suit of the display. All character CG are presented in a way to maintain noteworthy body language and facial mimics, fortifying the narrative furthermore. Add a breathtaking soundtrack with various instrumental pieces of folk and epic music, and voila: here is a display environment you wouldn't grow tired of playing over and over again.Now, I've already noted that endings are various. There are mainly 4 endings: one fairytale, one lady of the house, one “whatever, I'm out of this place"" and one ""not so happy"". All these endings carry their own varieties within themselves however. According to the romance you pursue, the way you treated people and the amount of information you managed to gather by the end, you'll get a different variety of these endings. Every one of them can be tracked and re-read in the menu too.At the end,Cindersis one of the most imaginative, deep and successfully displayed visual novels that I've ever played. Even if you are not a fan of the genre, you may enjoy this one thanks to its narrative quality, depth and even sense of humor! At this point, I'll be looking forward for any VN that Moacube would throw my way. Enjoy!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,293680,13769462,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"I'm not really a big fan of visual novels, but I genuinely enjoyed this lovely little adaption of the Cinderella fairytale.The artwork is gorgeous, and the music is lovely.And in my opinion it was well-written too. I'm not going to spoiler the story with an elaborate breakdown. Just enjoy the magic of the moment.Certainly a welcome introduction to visual novels.And also a good title for the complainers that think visual novels have too much anime. =^)"
,Recommended,293680,23541318,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Vitamin H,"Full Review on YoutubeA visually stunning, feminist visual novel that sometimes falls victim to the same cliches it tries to subvert.Pros:- Jaw-dropping art with animated sprites and backgrounds- Grand, sweeping soundtrack- Complex characters with logical motivations- Dozens of ""sub-ending"" variations depending on character relationships- Unique ""personality system"" that subtly alters Cinders' baseline attitudeCons:- Dialogue can get overly transparent and ""preachy"" at times- Romance options feel somewhat shallow and rushedOverall, Cinders is a fantastic visual novel that's perfect for someone looking for something a little different."
76561198105932902,Not Recommended,293680,32574858,Posted: 19 June,all,VegaTomoshibi,"I'll get right down to it: this game really doesn't have much going for it beyond novelty. Once you get past it being a western-made visual novel that doesn't have an anime artstyle, it's not really anything that hasn't been done better. The concept of a classic fairy tale with in-depth characters and new complexities has been done dozens of times and in more interesting ways to boot.For starters, the characters: I like Sophia and the prince is an interesting take you don't see often (someone who is trying to create complete social reform with a lot of ambition but isn't portrayed as evil is oddly not portrayed often in media). Everyone else.....eh. The love interests that aren't the prince feel like they were put there for the sake of having more than one love interest. Gloria is failry generic. Carmosa really doesn't feel all that deep despite the game constantly telling me that there's more to her than meets the eye. Cinders feels like an attempt at having a capable female protagonist that remains feminine, but her only really strong and independant trait is that she isn't ever captured (meanwhile there are other similar female protagonists in visual novels, such as Code: Realize's Cardia, who manage to be portrayed as feminine but capable in spite of them being subjected to classic damsel-in-distress tropes). Everyone else ranges from meh to okay.The artis...good?It is clearly done in a skillful manner, but something about it just feels uncanny valley, such as the way the eyes soullessly move back and fourth.The music is honestly pretty forgettable.But by far the worst trait about this game that makes me not recommend it is the endings. There are four endings, but there are numerous variations within those four endings. If you want to have every variation unlocked, you have to play the game all the way through 17 times at minimum (and if you don't use a guide, I could very easily see that number nearly doubling). And while that is a lot, it would be tolerable if it weren't for the fact that, aside from minor dialogue changes and the order some scenes happen, they all feel nearly identical. I got about 50% variation on all four endings before I decided to call it quits. And the worst part? You. Get. Nothing. For. Doing. It. There are only eight Steam Achievements in the game, for all eight in game rewards, none of which require you to get every ending variation.So, in conclusion, this game has little to no value that isn't novelty. Would only recommend it if you got it for free, and even then, only if you don't care about 100% completion."
76561198052403529,Recommended,293680,33035342,Posted: 30 June,all,Chardalyn,"Cinders is a really great interactive Visual Novel based on the famous Cinderella fairytale. You develop the story from her perspective and can try to help her reach her goals with some clever decision making!Thepositive highlightsof Cinders include:very beautiful, artistic drawingsthe soundtrack creates both tension and perfectly invokes the fairytale-moodcreatively designed characters are far from being one-dimensional: they show different facets, nobody is purely good or evilwell written dialogue with many options and choices which influence the storyinteresting and very diverse endings which make multiple playthroughs enjoyablethe prince is not the only romance option (!)handy skip-function for already read dialoguebranch-symbol that appears whereever the storyline could differfor achievement hunters: 100% are doable in an easy 4 hoursOverall I can say that the game is simply beautiful. For fans of the genre it's a must-buy. For every sceptic it's definitely worth a try.I had an amazing time playing Cinders and can only recommend it.10/10"
76561198085864302,Recommended,293680,12823978,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nightwing,"First of all, if you aren't into visual novels this isn't for you. But on the otherhand, if you are then i garuntee you will love it if you play it all the way through.PROS:This game has four different main endings each with a couple different epilogues you can get through the choices you make. I've seen some reviews on here that say the choices don't matter, which i have to disagree with. Every visual novel game will have choices that seem meaingless and pointless and may not exactly contribute to the main story, but they are there to give you a sense of control. Other choices will be vitally important like the first choice you make. It can change the whole story depending on what you choose. Some people are bothered by no voices or terrible music or any other thing that falls under that category, these people will be so pleased with the musical choice the creators went with. It is beautiful and one of my favorite soundtracks of any game i have ever played. It makes the game 10x better in my opinion. Like i said before, there are four main endings each with their own epilogues; if you are one of those gamers that like to get all they can in a game but hesitates because it takes too long, you will be pleased to find that you can skip through all the dialogue so it makes the replay value go up. Another thing to add would be the artwork for this game. It is amazingly beautiful. Most visual novels have static(stay still) artwork that changes when you move forward in the conversation, but this game has dynamic artwork that moves. Granted it is not much but fires flicker, and dust particles in the sunlight are visible.CONS:Saying all this, there are some faults. Not many, but they are there. Some characters seem useless and very unnatural along with some situations. Sometimes the words lag behind if you are running something in the background. There, that's all the cons in my opinion. Time for the assessment.ASSESSMENT:Story: 8Replay Value: 10Music: 10Characters: 8Artwork: 10OVERALL: 9.1If you like visual novels, you will thoroughly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,293680,10886553,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Palas,"Although it is a retelling of the classic fairytale Cinderella, the new approach makes it seem like another story altogether.Genre: Fantasy/AdventureDuration: 2 to 3 hours for one ending; 10 to 15 hours for all endings.Developed by: MoaCube, 2012By playing as the namesake protagonist, you are introduced to a fantasy world in which you must deal with your stepmother and stepsisters at first, later meeting nobility, fairies, salesmen and townsfolk. You do so through choices and map movement intermissions in the narrative. So as not to leave you confused, the game flashes a wooden branch icon on the upper right corner of the screen everytime a previous choice is showing its consequence.Cinders is structured so as to give your choices an aspect of freedom: there are not correct choices and you will always reach a satisfying ending that reflects your behaviour throughout the story. This means one single playthrough will last for about two hours, but one ending is just a glimpse of the stories Cinders has to offer.The greatest strength this visual novel has is probably its characters: no character is completely redeemed nor degraded. They are complex, round characters with motivations and goals that you can relate yourself to, enhancing the moral aspect of the choices: each and every character has a lot to be explored, making for a consistent world with strong characters - and many strong female characters - and a sense that you are free to make your own judgement.This groundedness, however, doesn't stop the game from sporting a most pleasant fairytale atmosphere. The art and the music, through coherent design and stylistic choices, gives Cinders a fine identity and a unique feel down to minute details, such as small animations on the background and on the sprites. As such, it's easy to get used to the art style even if it's not commonly used in visual novels. Such attention to identity helps in the establshment of an emotional link between you and Cinders' world.If only fow how bold it is, Cinders is a must for anyone who appreciates story-driven experiences with complex characters and a lot of room for the player to decide what happens next.Positive:*Great fairytale impression*Many choices and many endings*Fleshed out characters*Music is comfortable to listen to and the sound design is adequate*Consistent art and worldNegative:*Short playthroughs. You might not feel the need to see other endings/epilogues*Though the game shows when a choice is reflected on the progress of the story, some choices are still lost in perspective*It's expensive"
76561198074849660,Not Recommended,293680,30519629,Posted: 14 March,all,onyxrising,"Do you want to pay money for a game with an underlying narrative about how abusers are kinda right and abuse victims should feel bad for taking appropriate action?  No amount of witty dialogue could cover up the inherently bad-- and at times disturbing-- game writing.The game promised to add character depth to a familiar story, and it did-- to a point.  The stepsisters have a dynamic consistent with being raised by a manipulative, abusive mother who plays them against each other.  Lady Carmosa, the stepmother, is emotionally abusive in a realistic way.  Like many abusive people, she makes sure to micromanage the people that she's abusing, put them down, and try tell them constantly that they need her to treat them this way because of how pitiful/stupid/etc. they are.  Cinders mentions in the dialogue that she believes that Lady Carmosa is capable of killing, and it's implied in Carmosa's dailogue that she may have killed her second husband, so she represents a physical danger as well.There's a point in the dialogue where Cinders is speaking to someone who knew her late mother.  It has already been established that her stepmother is abusive.  Cinders explains that she believes that she-- not her stepmother-- is the legal inheritor of the family estates.  I chose the option for wanting to get an attorney to get my house back.  Mom's friend promptly gave me a guilt trip about the ""consequences"" of such a harsh act when my stepmother was just keeping the family fortune together.  You know, the family fortune that wasn't even legally hers that she's only using to benefit herself.  Given the more realistic take on abuse dynamics that the writers had so far, I figured that this was intentional.  Abuse victims often hear similar things from third parties about why their husband/parent/etc. isn't such a bad person and they should be grateful.  I waited for the protagonist to have an opportunity to confront this clearly inappropriate behaviour.Nope.  Wasn't happening.Every time the option for getting an attorney to get my (expletive) house back came up, I clicked it.  Every time, I got an NPC guilt trip and dialogue to make sure that I knew that-- although there are officially no wrong choices in this game-- I had made a wrong choice.  Bad, BAD player wanting people to get stolen property back from their abuser through appropriate legal channels.  How could I!  No matter how many times you choose that option, you will not have the opportunity to seek legal assistance to get the family house which you believe you're the legal inheritor of back.  There's also this little bit of talking to herself that Cinders has about how she's materially better off than most of the women in town so maybe she should be grateful for the life that her stepmother has given her.  You know, because if an abusive person takes our stuff we should be grateful to the abuser for what they've deigned to give us.I played through the game just to be sure that there wasn't, you know, some upcoming branch in which the game would deal with the mess it made.  Nope.  It's sure as hell not getting a second play through."
76561198115054797,Recommended,293680,28121961,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ronkidoodle,"I'm not usually a fan of visual novels but this is pretty neat.There is beautiful art and the characters are engaging and fully fleshed out - you don't really think of one as a jerk they all just have different motives in life like human beings. Choices matter and there are several different realistic endings.The only negative I found is there wasn't a 'skip' button I could find. Which made achievement hunting a bit tiresome.But buy it, it has replay value at least twice through. If you replay it a lot of the dialogue will be the same but, the endings are so different."
,Recommended,293680,24114892,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Milcure,"Cinders is a visual novel that is based on the fairy tale we all know, Cinderella, and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of playing it. It's certainly no fabricated Disney setup though, as it has a more mature take on the story, some of which involve politics, psychological wounds, social discrimination, etc., but still retains the light-hearted feeling of fantasy from the original.Pros:The lovely, rustic art style, one of the first things to catch my attention: a right mix of dark and heavy, as well as stunning, colorful fairy tale scenery, which creates the perfect atmosphere for the story's themeThe music is a masterpiece, from the sound effects to the background music that plays on each scene: lovely to listen to, yet not too overwhelming to distract you from your immersionBeautiful dialogue you wouldn't want to skip, with just enough suspense that can't make you stop readingThe subtle animations, from the way the flowers would sway to the wind, etcA handful of amazing characters, well-written so you could actually sympathize with them, even the antagonistsThe variety of choices given to you, and the many, multiple endings you could choose to unfold with them: high replay value because of this, you could be a charming and innocent Cinders in one playthrough, and a deviously cunning one the nextAs with most VNs, involves romance options, but is written so well that it makes said options neither a necessity nor the main driving force of the story, but only as a 'side quest', and focuses more on heavier themesMore than enough endings: you are left with four main endings, as well as many different sub-endings under each oneProvides you with a hefty amount of hours to complete, or read from start to endHas a feature wherein you can skip through parts you have already read, to explore the different outcomesEasy to obtain achievements, got to 100% in no timeCons:Some of the dialogues are... For lack of a better term, awkward, and a few moments are too cringe-worthy clichéLack of, or rushed character development: pacing feels off somehow, and it gives you a feeling that everything is happening too fastTypos in some dialoguesThis is the first visual novel I have played, finished to the very end and tried to get all possible endings I can. For people like me who are not that fond of anime VNs, and have a particular interest in similar themes, this game is definitely worth trying out. Can't wait to try out other VNs from MoaCube~Overall Rating:8.5/10"
76561198112974883,Recommended,293680,32824739,Posted: 26 June,all,Rainapedia,"Thoroughly enjoyable!The ""new take on a classic fairytale""-trope might not be exactly new but I really enjoyed how it was executed in Cinders.It's like being told a bedtime story, not liking how it ends so you spend the next hour trying to convince your (tired) parent who really just wants you to GO TO SLEEP that ""If she just did this thing, it could have turned out even better!  !"". (Any resemblance to actual events is purely coincidental) In Cinders you get to do just that under the guidance of the branching system.Ever thought the story would be so much nicer if the sister all just got along?You can make it happen.Being the queen to some dude you danced with for literally 5 minutes never really appealed to you all that much?DON*T be the queen! (or BE the queen and have that prince guy do your bidding! Who's gonna stop you?)Would you just solve all the fairytale problems with fairies, as the higher powers intended?Boy, do I have news for you.TL;DR: Get the game, it's fun."
76561197995051730,Recommended,293680,23304894,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sodar,"I have a pretty soft spot for Cinders. It’s one of the few games I bought after extensively… “Researching” whether it was worth the money.As far as western visual novels go, this one is simply great. It has believable, likeable characters – even the “villains” can be sympathized with, a great main character that evolves with your choices, and an overall plot that manages to provide meaningful choices despite being seemingly linear. It might be a bit pricey for the amount of playtime available, but it’s certainly quality playtime."
76561198150068649,Recommended,293680,32329911,Posted: 10 June,all,Acacia,"Cinders is one of the few games I have completed and taken the time to get all of the acievements for. It is beautifully designed and is a mature take on the story of Cinderella. There are many endings, and subtle variations that are fun to pursue. I would highly recommend this game, it is just beautiful."
76561198097409250,Recommended,293680,29773634,Posted: 7 February,all,Popsicle Emperor,"This game was a delightful surpise! After reading the reviews before purchasing I was unsure about what to except!What I got!:Beautiful graphics!Intriguing and depth filled characters!Alot of options and replay value!Some people comment that they don't like the complexity of the options, but I find this a refreshing change to many visual novels that have romance options. Not only is Cinders a very unique twist on the Cinderella story, it also dives into intense topics like human morality, duty and fate. We truly get to decide for ourselves what we want in this story and choose how we wish to behave right till the end. There is a lot of philisophical discussions taking place and all options are never shown as being 'right' or 'wrong', but simply different. It's a very realistic and humble way to portay the ways in which we actually make decisions.I had a great time and plan to replay it a few more times to get different endings (have only played once through as I'm writing this).Excellent game and balanced options!After playing multiple endings:My review still stands. If not more so! The variances in the different endings are very satisfying and not cookie cutter or cliche in the slightest! Definitely worth a few different playthroughs."
,Recommended,293680,22801438,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Queen Roblin,"This is a very short VN. I paid 1/2 the normal price and was still disappointed with the amount of content. I have several hours on this game because I don't shut down games while I'm doing other stuff (I get distracted easily).There are 8 main endings with various insignificant changes to those endings (such as whether your sisters like you or not, etc.)That being said if you can get it in a deal or bundle it is visually very high quality and an interesting take on the fairy tale. I would highly recommend at a much lower price only due to amount of content not the quality of content."
76561198013423846,Recommended,293680,11013045,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sophiroth,"I love this game... I bought it in the Summer Sale and haven't stopped playing it since. I'm trying to play it until I have unlocked all the endings ... and there are alot of endings you can achieve (check out Cinders Wiki for a full list of the endings but warning spoilers) I have even gone as far as to create an excel spreadsheet that has every choice that I have made in each of my games so I can work out what I have already done in simular games to make sure I can unlock a different ending each time I play it... I know, anal right? But I'm loving this game at the moment. As you can see from the images previewed for this game, the art work is really beautiful, unlike some Visual novel games you see on the market that are drawn badly. The writing is really good also...havent found any spelling errors yet. The music in this game is really good too... so good that I had to purchase the download for the OST of Cinders and I love it... really good. It all works really well together and a lot of fun re-playing the game to try and get the different endings and achievements. This is the best visual novel game that I have played and I would love it if Moacube could create another fairytale Visual novel game like this one although they have just annouced a new game called 'Solstice' on Greenlight so if you like Cinders you should vote on Greenlight for Solstice."
,Recommended,293680,22187211,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Now this is a VN worth paying the full price: the art style, BG, BGM were simplyamazing. I can’t stress how much I liked, it’s just so good. I hope that the developers can make a DLC of the soundtrack someday too.I really liked the “mature” tone used on this fairytale. I’d like to see more stories like that, definitely. The story was good, and the characters were nice. A few scenes were a bit silly in my opinion(like Carmosa’s death lol), but it’s ok.10/10. Keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,293680,24786555,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,P.G. Roadhouse,"Oof. I know that I bought this on sale, but I can't remember what I paid for it -- regardless, it was too much. I'm into story-rich, choice-driven, female-led games (e.g. Life is Strange), so this one kept showing up in my recommendations. I finally pulled the trigger. I'm immediately filled with regret. I'm an obsessive completist, and I can't even bring myself to finish this. The gameplay feels so passive and slow, and the writing is so terrible -- *especially* the dialogue. I can't even imagine having the patience to get through a single playthrough, much less the several required to experience all potential storylines.The only thing I can recommend here is the graphics -- they're gorgeous. Sadly (maybe because I'm on Windows 10), the game kept on hanging while transitioning between areas, meaning I didn't even get to enjoy those gorgeous graphics without a couple of force-restarts.What a shame. The idea and the look is so great -- the execution just didn't pay off for me."
76561198348587282,Recommended,293680,30235323,Posted: 27 February,all,FufuProphet,"It has a decent storyline; four endings of which all achievements can be unlocked from- some more than the others. you can always look up the faster route to getting the most achievements after one or two gameplays because, really thats why I got the game but was indifferent to the Cinderellesque type of plot.  Id recommend waiting for a deal to get it."
76561198013862463,Recommended,293680,10163740,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Analog Pill,"A very bittersweet game, a good fairytale has always been my favorite type of story.A brief but very charming take on classic tale. Gorgeous art and wonderful characters. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,293680,10033207,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Geth-vk,"Игра не для фанатов экшена, шутера или что либо в этом роде, в игре ставка больше сделана на сюжет и на решения которые влияют на сюжет, и которые влияют на то как рассказываеться. Похожа на TWD но с разными концовками и без экшена, картинки в половине-2D/3D но не  сильно статическиеThis game is not for fans of action or FPS or something like this. In the game, the main bet is placed on the story and storytelling and on the decisions that you make, which do change the story and storytelling. Simillar to the TWD but with different endings and without actions, pictures in half 2D/3D but not very static 10/10"
,Recommended,293680,30273758,Posted: 1 March,all,⎛⎝ Abaddon ⎠⎞,"This game got my attention since the moment I started playing it. I fell literally in love with it.The art is simply beautiful, present screenshots can't give it justice. You have to experience it yourself; the atmosphere is so immersive you feel like you are part of a fable. (Fullscreen suggested)Awesome aesthetics, relaxing gameplay, amazing characters. Fairy tale-like, yet so realistic.Cinders is based upon Cinderella, yet, well written characters will result easily relatable. Each personage is accurately described and presents interesting personality.In this game you play as Cinders; a young lady sharing roof with her stepmother and two stepsisters. Due to circumstances you find yourself in an inconvenient situation with unhealthy lifestyle, but it won't make you bring yourself down. You'll be reminded of how real life actually is and if you want to achieve something you need to stand up for yourself. No matter how sad your circumstances are, it's just another challenge that you can overcome.I bought this game during Steam sales and I am really happy with my purchase. I wish there would've been more background story coming to side characters, but that's just a small whim of mine.Nothing to complain about. 8.6/10"
,Recommended,293680,30957205,Posted: 5 April,all,Spiritette,Very beautiful visual novel. I like the different take on the Cinderella story and happy that there are some darker themes to it. The skip option is also very nice for playing through the different endings.
76561198136767365,Recommended,293680,16495092,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ziretal,"Gorgeous VN, providing a nice variation from the mainly anime style VNs available. The character designs are beautiful, they are also pleasingly expressive for the amount of detail on each of them. (I'd gladly buy a poster of madame Ghede or the fairy to hang on my wall, if one were available :L) The backgrounds are wonderfully atmospheric, particularly around the fairies' lake, perfect for the fairytale story it's based on. The music also attributes to this atmosphere setting the tone for each scene.The characters are enjoyable, the opportunity to work with Cinders' step-family was a nice variation to the original story. Cinders also stood out as she was a very likeable protagonist, with a lot of personality.The major con of this game is it's length, there are relatively few endings, it would have been nice to see more possible love interests/lifestyle paths for Cinders as a lot more of it is based on who is allied with her at the end and whether she is good, or bad. You can finish most, if not all, endings in one sitting, so it, unfortunately, has little replay value story-wise.Overall, I'd recommend Cinders as a beautiful and atmospheric experience, utilising it's game qualities to enhance the events taking place. My only wish is that there were more events.TLDR: atmospheric & beautiful art, with interesting characters, but is relatively short/has fewer endings than most other VNs."
,Recommended,293680,10546236,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zankou,"An excellent visual novel with an interesting re-imagining of the Cinderella fairytale. The story's short, but it does give you plenty of chances to alter the way that story unfolds. And however short it may be, the story really cannot be complimented enough for its quality. There aren't any CGs, which is to say unique graphics illustrating special moments, but the general artwork is more than good enough to make up for that.All in all, if you're a fan of visual novels, this is definitely worth playing. If you've never played a visual novel before, this is an excellent choice for your first."
,Recommended,293680,10044452,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Polgara,"Originally I thought this would be another 'click around' yawnfest of a fairy tale. It's surprisingly not.The plot is different and more grown-up, the decisions are more complex and are not obvious 'good' or 'bad' ones but shades of grey.On the downside, since all games have downsides, if you are a fast reader like myself you may get frustrated at the amount of time text takes to get on the screen. I've clicked through hundreds of text windows to finish this game.It's not something I'll return to often, as it *is* an interactive book, but the next time Skyrim crashes on me I'll give it another go."
,Recommended,293680,10688683,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rum Ham,"I've only gotten one ending so far, but this is definitely one of the best games I've purchased on Steam and probably even one of the best games I've played all year. I was intrigued by the synopsis on the game's page, and it definitely lives up to all the lofty goals its set for itself.This game isn't just a spin on Cinderella - it's much more than that. The story seems to take a lot of interesting turns no matter what you want the outcome to be. The variations on endings depending on the choices you make is really cool; I wish more games used a system like it. But, even with an interesting story, this game may have been pretty bland if the characters were just ripped from the fairy tale. Luckily, that's not the case. All of the characters are more than they appear at first glance; they all have well-defined, complex personalities.I would have gladly paid full-price for this game, and I am definitely going to explore it more."
76561198069873983,Recommended,293680,10162276,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Elisaveta,"This game is amazing! I simply loved everything about it from the artwork, music and dialougue. The characters have a lot of depth to them and had me laughing in a lot of spots. This was such a unique find I can't wait to see more from Moa Cube, seriously fantastic job!"
,Recommended,293680,32014139,Posted: 28 May,all,SpazmanianDevil,"I enjoyed this title. Especially the art and musical cues and such. It was a bit stiff at points but it was still engaging and fun to read.I would've liked a path where the household all finally got along but given the nature of how grim they made that idea sound, I get why that was never going to be an option. Still though, there were moments of hope and certain choices that I felt would've been natural to write a blurb at end game about how in time they all sort've out their♥♥♥♥♥♥and got along swimmingly.As for the men on this game... Perrault forever! I felt he was the most interesting of the 3. Tobias was just vapid and boring and the Prince was just... a Prince with a little more political inclinations in his noggin. They didn't feel like they had enough substance for me to get involved with so my first playthrough I glazed right over them.But aside from that, I felt it was written well enough for me to get all the endings and achievements. So. Yes. It's a decent VN I recommend you read."
,Recommended,293680,10028372,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,CryoG,"This interactive adventure caught my interest, initially because it did not have manga graphics;It has enough different choices to provide for some different outcomes or at least tweaks/versions of the handful of coded outcomes; the storyline is overall romance driven.Situations and consequences end up lacking some shades of grey, but then, which choice based game is not a bit black and white? Whether you like fairy tales that blossom in royal weddings, hopeless romances that overcome social judgement and class differences, arranged marriages brewed in cynical logics and fueled by a drive for advancement, you are likely to find a natural flow of answers that fit your virtual inclination.There is replayability to satisfy curiosity, though it comes encumbered by some medium lengths carved in stone events and dialogues, so that will eventually dry out.For the time curiosity lasts, a very enjoyable chose your path game, well worth a first try and a couple more run throughs.So why play this game?: you d like to see the face of the cinderella in you who does not speak her name."
76561198035284514,Recommended,293680,14095032,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Skylarkfinch,"PROS- Cinders's personality is up to the player via dialogue choices--> Consistency is rewarded, while random personality choices don't serve as well- The art is beautiful, from the backgrounds to the characters- Morality is ambiguous, unlike what you expect from fairy tales- 4 different endings, all with many variations- The dialogue flows well and is interesting to follow- The stepsisters and stepmother are relatable, vulnerable people with real problems- Branches in the storyline feel like they matter for the events that happen no matter what- Two different forces of magic can help Cinders for the ball--> Both have a connection with Cinders's mother and provide different background info respectively- All the characters have issues to work out, the relationships Cinders makes from the player choices feel like they develop in a realistic way; nothing feels forced, like in the fairy tale- 3 different goals for Cinders, not just marrying the prince and living happily ever after- 3 different love interests- Can re-watch endings and variations after you unlock them, very high replay value- Skip function for dialogue you have already read- No tedious stat building!! :)CONS- Cinders's name... It's a bit difficult to take a scene seriously sometimes when characters call her ""Cinders""- The game doesn't tell you what personality you have stacked or what progress your relationships are...so sometimes it's hard to know how to progress and confusing if a certain dialogue option doesn't work--> Leads to lots of trial and error- Failing to get the variation you want can be a bit frustrating for completionists- The music isn't too memorable- No homosexual romances, all 3 love interests are male- No customization of how Cinders looks- No voicesThis is a wonderful, extensive visual novel and possibly one of the best I've ever played. I've always criticized Cinderella as a character for being one of the most passive protagonists in the history of fairy tales, but in this game you can make her to be the woman you always wanted her to be. She also doesn't always have to marry the prince and sometimes the ending isn't going to be happy. You could even die and have no one mourn over you. The possibilities are vast, giving it lots of replay value. All the art is gorgeous to look at as well so oftentimes I just stop reading and take in the scene.The developers were right in advertising this game as a ""mature"" take on the fairy tale, as all the characters are ambiguous. You can never truly figure each of them out and most of the time, they will surprise you. The game does a wonderful job of consistently claiming that no one is so simple as ""good"" or ""evil"" and even the kingdom is going through a metamorphosis if you pay attention to the Prince's plot. Speaking of which, the writing is downright brilliant and atmospheric since it is a western visual novel. There are unfortunately no voices, but little nuances in what the characters say give your imagination plenty to give the characters voices of your own.If you enjoy visual novels with emphasis on dialogue choices, protagonist identity, relationships, and no stat building, definitely buy this game. I hate tedious stat building myself and much prefer making decisions through dialogue. All relationships are accessible provided you have made the choices to develop them; they don't rely on you being ""cute"" enough or ""intelligent"" enough. Despite my glowing recommendation however, Cinders is by no means perfect and I eagerly await anything else the developers have building off of this amazing genre."
,Not Recommended,293680,13712566,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,strawberrysana,"The background art is very pretty, and the story has an interesting 'not everything is black and white' moral - or at least it's interesting until it's been stated over and over and o...ve...zzzPerhaps purchasing 'Cinders' immediately after 'Hatoful Boyfriend' was unfortunate. The 'Cinders' script feels much less elegant in comparison with somewhat clunky, repetitive dialogue with reletively few flags.  'Cinders' is not a terrible VN, but please consider your age and life experience before purchasing!"
,Recommended,293680,29344836,Posted: 18 January,all,RamKat,"Overall, Cinders was a joy to play. Some loveable characters, incredible art, charming music, and a fun retelling of Cinderella.Game Elements: First and foremost, Cinders is a game. It offers many choices to influence the outcome of the game, and the outcomes themselves are varied enough to offer plenty incentive for multiple playthroughs. The skip mode is nicely implemented, as it stops automatically on text you haven't seen before. However, it doesn't really do anything unique for its genre.Story and characters: It's good, but not great. Some fantastic character development with the sisters, but the love interests and the stepmother could use work.---------------Spoilers Ahead!Carmosa, the stepmother, as you could imagine, treats Cinders deplorably, but we aren't provided with much of a motive as to why she acts this way. Yes, Cinders is not a biological daughter, but that does not preclude Carmosa from treating Cinders with respect. What's more obnoxious about this is that the game writing hints to the player that we should understand Carmosa's actions and respect her for it! It's little things, however, that make this a contradictory stance for the game: Carmosa could have fed her daughters smaller portions of dinner rather than feeding Cinders cold scraps; Carmosa's daughters could wear cheaper dresses so Cinders could wear something other than rags. It does not make sense for Cinders to respect Carmosa in this game unless she forgets the way Carmosa has treated her, and so the Carmosa as advisor ending makes no sense.Gloria and Sophie, however, are excellent characters with natural growth through the course of the game. Gloria is seemingly cruel but just trying to live up to her mother by copying her, and in the way loses herself; Sophie is bitter and cynical because Gloria and her mother constantly criticize her and so her self esteem is ruined. Cinders has the option to help both of them grow in the game by encouraging Gloria to explore her interests and encouraging Sophie to be proud of her intelligence and intellectualism. I was also impressed by their complex relationship with Carmosa, since they loved her for what she's done for them (climbing the social ladder so they could have a better life), but they also resent her for not letting them to be free to do as they wish. It culminates in the Grand Ball, where Sophie ultimately decides she doesn't want what her mother wants for her, and Gloria doesn't know if she wants it, either.Now the love interests. Let's start with Tobias, the childhood friend. He's got plenty of enjoyable one-liners and pleasant dialogue, should you interact with him. However, I never learn to trust him quite as much as Cinders does in his romance route. He puts his business ethics before Cinders's trust, worrying that she might ruin his reputation as a merchant. This is not a good start to a loving, trusting relationship. He wants to run away with Cinders in order to help her out in the traveler arc, but it would have been nice for his character development if we knew of some reason that he would want to run away from it all, much as Cinders wanted to run away in the Perrault traveler route. Maybe Tobias couldn't stand living in his hometown anymore; maybe he's actually not as honest as he appears, and he has some shady business he's running away from. I think my favorite route for him is Cinders as a noblewoman that marries her, as it seems totally believable that he would lend her a lot of money for social events and later marry her since they're in the same town. I do not like him as a lover to Queen Cinders, but that's because I'm trying to piece how they would stay in contact at court before he becomes a count.Oh, Perrault. So many conflicting feelings. My absolute favorite ending is Perrault as the lover to the Machiavellian Queen Cinders, as it is incredibly believable that she would continue to see him after she becomes queen. He's an interesting character, indecisive on whether he likes killing and duty, but he would be improved by being more human and less tropey. I believe the true happy ending is Cinders adventuring with Perrault, btw ;)And the Prince. So much could have happened! He was a good character with lots of potential! But then he focused on Cinders's looks at the ball... I would've liked to see him spy on her after the ball to determine if she was truly smart, if he was so committed to personality. He just needed more. And he doesn't deserve any ending where he isn't happy. He has to have at least a few flaws!I think the rest of the cast is sufficiently likeable, with the exception of Shady Character. He baffles me. Where'd he come from?And finally, we have.... Cinders!! I love that she's so moldable depending on the player's actions. She can be aggressive and a trail-blazer, or she can be docile and simple. And the text is sufficiently clear that I know the outcome of my actions on Cinders's personality before they're revealed to me. A+.-----End Spoilers----Overall, Story is 7/10, and Characters are 6/10. There's a bit too much going on in plot and not enough going on in character reasoning/development for why they act the way they act.Visuals and SoundThis is where the game shines. The art style is stunning! The characters are all beautiful, and the landscapes are all engrossing. For the average person, there's not much more to ask for. Now, from the perspective of an artist, there is more that could go into the art design. The characters suffer from what I like to call ""Same Face Syndrome"": they all have the same face and differ in how they dress. What if Perrault had a hooked nose? Or Sophie's lips were super thin and had no cupid's bow? This isn't a huge deal, but it is something that I would like to see addressed in future releases. And for a bonus: Tobias's left hand looks super weird.The soundtrack is really fun and fitting, but there could be more sound effects to provide immersion.Overall, Visuals are 8.5/10 and Sound is 7/10.EnjoymentDespite its flaws, it's still a very enjoyable game and a gem in the visual novel genre. I went and replayed it for all the different endings! I'd give it a total 7/10."
,Recommended,293680,26042629,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,reikken,"Good story. Entertaining dialog and characters. Sophia's snarky remarks are especially fun. The music is also great. I had fun playing through, and I intend to play through a few more times, shooting for different results."
,Recommended,293680,28109259,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tziva,"I enjoyed this game and got a number of hours out of it between multiple ending playthroughs (free flow and some with a guide to finish a few missed options).  My one caveat is that you should snag this game on sale or as part of a bundle, as I'm not sure most people will find it justifies its full price.First, you should know that this game is a lot of reading relative to the interaction time.  As the game warns you about in the begining, this is more like a book where you can make some choices to change the ending, rather than a typical point-n-click story where you are making choices constantly.  Luckily, it has a very nice ""fast forward"" option for skipping dialgoue you've already seen on playthroughs, which is something that is lacking in many similar games and is amazingly wonderful if you're hunting down other endings.I like the concept of this game; building my own Cinders' personality and making my own choices and creating my own ending.  I also liked the take on the stepsisters as more than just evil sadists, and actually was fond of Sophie in particular.  It is a nice retake on a fairy tale in a less black & white perspective, especially since you can deivate significantly from the classic tale by making Cinders ""bad"" or reject the prince, etc.The art is also beautiful, although I wish there had been more than a few backdrops, and a few characters whose faces and arms where animated.  I do like that there was some movement and facial expression over static art, just to keep things interesting through a lot of dialgoues boxes with otherwise identical visuals.  But like anything good, I want more than just a small taste of it!The dialgue can be repetative, cliche, and predictible, but I didn't think it was totally awful (there was even a joke about the Captain's belts that genuinely made me laugh out loud).  Could it have been better?  Sure.  Did I find it turn me off from the game?  Nah.  Another review also complained that the writing was too blatant and the foreshadowing too obvious, but I find this preferrable in these types of games, otherwise it is too challenging and uninuititive to guide the story in the direction you desire.  While the choices are not always clear how they will affect the ending and you don't always get exactly what you were aiming for in this game, some opacity makes the gameplay more interesting.  There is a fine balance and I think the game gets it decently well.The one change I would have made to this game would have been to add more frequent interactions with more choices.  They could have been additional conversation selections that were meaningless as far as the outcomes were concerned but valuable in terms of increasing replayability and creating more dynamic character personalities.  I think adding a number of trivial dialogue choices in between the ""important"" decisions would make players feel more engaged, break up the large amounts of reading, and make Cinders feel more realistic to each individual's vision of her.  There are already a huge amount of possibilities in terms of the endings, so I'm hesitant to wishlist for anything that increases those, but it would have been nice to have more options to influence the fates of more people in more ways.Overall, I quite liked this game and am glad I bought and played it.  It might not be the most amazing game ever but it was some hours of enjoyment, which is all I wanted or expected out of it."
76561198125784758,Recommended,293680,26111697,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,sdee,"Is the classic Cinderella a victim of her stepmother and step sisters, or is she a victim of her own inability to change her circumstances? Do faries steal people's agency in a literary sense as well as literally? Is the self immutable, or can it change in response to circumstance? If it changes in order to better survive difficult times, is that an improvement, or the shameful death of something precious? Is a democratic government merely an excuse for people to lie to each other all the time?In addition to offering a chance to ponder the above questions, Cinders is a fantastic exploration of both self-empowerment and self-destructive tendencies within the context of a classic fairy tale. It also has some fantastically witty lines and some good meditations on romantic love and its strengths and limitations.For its message of empowerment, ambtitous themes, and fascinating characters, 10/10, cannot wait to play again."
,Recommended,293680,13930939,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,cocotlan,"Beautiful art, funny dialogue, choices with real results, interesting characters, and romance! It's short and cute with a little cheese, and I loved it."
76561198136640907,Recommended,293680,32736519,Posted: 24 June,all,MidNightPersona,"This is probably one of the better retellings of Cinderella, and one of the better choice and consequence games I have played. It emphasizes that your chooices do make a differeance well not shoving it down your thoart or making you feel guilty when you make a ""evil"" or ""bad"" decision. Each character as their own voice and you and tell them apart by dialog thee sisters are sympathic And they make you understand the motivation of the step mother well still not condoning her actions.Though Cinders as a character herself is one of the weaker ones I think this is simply because of her roll She's too much personality to totally put yourself in her shoes but compared to the sisters, the mother, as well as Perrault and Madame Ghede she is diffently in the weaker tier.As for the art. The backgrounds a lovely but the human characters too me a bit to get used to. The lip animations creeped me out and the eyes and lips have very strange propotions, and to me it seems everyone's arms are a bit short. Not to mentions some of the poses are a bit awkward. This is more of a personal taste but I would have liked the art a bit better if they had kept with the style in the title screen a bit more simple and elegant looking.Finally for me these games don't have a tone of replay value. Though I will say none of the ends I got so far could be defined as ""Good"" or ""Bad"" They both have a little bit of each in them which is nice. But I am totallly not intrested in any of the queen endings. Because like Cinders, the Prince is in the weaker teir. And I was happy with the endings I got. And There is little reward for getting all the variations. So again almost no replay value.But all in all it is amoung of the top of the visual novels."
76561198136292663,Recommended,293680,30302446,Posted: 3 March,all,nanisaur,"As established in earlier reviews, the world is beautiful; an appropriate art style and score. I appreciated that it focuses on the consequences of your character's developing personality, which you decide through dialogue and action choices, instead of focusing narrowly on the expected romantic relationship with ""Cinderella's"" prince.Some previous reviews criticized how the game punishes you monotonously for choosing ""the wrong"" character development choices. However, with that in mind, I noticed that the very 1st scene of the game, which foreshadows later events, hints at your win objective: your characters wonders if having a better relationship with the others in her life and making more empathetic yet pragmatic choices would have been better for her in the long-run. So, it's insinuated that the game will reward you for exploring her curiosity; punishing you when you're too romantic or too prejudiced.But, there are issues with the game. It's fair for some to be disappointed that the game doesn't have good and bad ending for all the possible character arcs--romantic, headstrong, or pragmatic--when it invests so much in immersing you in the world and having you feel like you are the protagonist. It feels like the game is attacking you; not just the character you created. Also, if you have little tolerance for it, the overt callbacks to the original fairy tale by the protagonist and morality play can feel like it's hitting you over the head mercilessly. But, if you come in wanting what the adventure offers, it's good at what it intended to do.I based this review off of Dizzi's gameplay. If you want to see it, you cancheck it out here. Be warned, though; spoilers ahead!"
76561198294484546,Recommended,293680,29652775,Posted: 2 February,all,That_Emo_Girl,Would totally recommend- Beautiful Art- Interesting characters- Great soundtrack- Skip mode (sooo useful)- Great Storyline!
,Recommended,293680,33649104,Posted: 19 July,all,Yureina,"Basically Cinderella the Visual Novel. Except, being a VN, you are allowed to make choices that lead to various other results (like... MURDER!). But in an overall sense, it's a short VN with pretty art and is competently made. I've seen better VN's, of course, but I have seen far worse ones as well. This one at least managed to keep me interested, and then allowed me to complete it shortly before my interest may have begun to wane. In other words... I remained interested and engaged throughout the story being told. And that is, ultimately, what VN's and games in general should do their best to succeed at.So... I guess this is a pretty good one. Short, but not something I regret playing :o"
,Recommended,293680,14666978,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Niceratops,"Stunning artstyle, interesting story and characters, lots of decisions to make and a wonderful soundtrack."
,Recommended,293680,13514056,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RandomRubixCube,"Been a while since I played an interactive novel for 3 straight hours. And it's worth it.The writing is witty and interesting, the choices always give you a moments pause because oh, that one seems like a good idea while that other one will get me where I'm aiming while that third one screams horrid fun.I like that each complete playthrough adds to the title screen (oh, and achievements obviously but who collects them these days?) which gives me a sense of fulfillment after each playthrough.And thank the Gods for the skip function or those 3hrs would have been much longer and really all I wanted was Perrault (Still didn't get the ending I wanted but I know where I went wrong and oh gods why did I only save once?)But yes, multiple endings, each with a little 'and so the story ends' because if there's one thing I appreciate (other than skip functions and swordsmen with way too many belts) it's finding out what happens to the story AFTER I've clicked my way through it amidst giggles.My one annoyance is the ball scene. The next line is kind of a spoiler, I guess?Regardless of the choices you make, it doesn't change because Cinders will still dance with His Lordship, who'll flirt and she'll smirk and coo 'tell me more darling' while I sit here wondering if she's forgotten her dear Captain's poetry already.Maybe if I make more drastic choices it'll change, but I doubt it.That said, that's honestly an incredibly minor detail (because skip function. I may mention this a lot but have you ever played an interactive novel without one? Don't.) and as above, the writing and endings definitly calls for replays.Plus I kinda wanna see if I can get the girls on good terms because ho boy would that be an awesome ending (please be an awesome ending)This is definitly a game I'd recommend to those that enjoy a good story, witty text and a pretty art style.It's Cinderella, but with more spunk, a good dose of sass and less frolicking vermin.I should have started with that.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go laugh about a well-respected guardsman making odd animal noises in the bushes."
76561198074646218,Recommended,293680,11056857,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sai Silverpalm,I absolutely love this game! The artwork is beautiful (for the female characters anyway. They could have spent a little more time on their male counterparts) and the dialogue is surprisingly intriguing for a game of this type. It has some deep moments. I recomend this game to everyone. If you liked Kinetic novels like Junipers Knot you will really enjoy this.
,Recommended,293680,31781747,Posted: 15 May,all,axe-336,"Great art and lovely music, but what I liked most was I have to say this game caught me pleasently off guard at the conclusion.  I had a slight inkiling that the direction I was raking wasn't ideal for rulership, but when the game branded my choices as producing a loveless evil queen who inspired a bloody revolution, I was taken aback.  I thought I was making clever choices, but I guess my choices were too clever?  Anyway, there are a vast array of endings and it only takes about 4.5 hours to play through, so I'll definitely be playing again.  If there's one thing I would change, it's the prologue.  It sets up a point in time that the player knows is coming and can't change.  I would take it out, but this game has been out for awhile now, so I guess it won't change.  It's not damning, I just will be skipping it each time in the future."
,Recommended,293680,23494618,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,spacey_72659,"I had a lot of fun with this visual novel. I've only played it through one time, so obviously I've only gotten one of the possible endings so far, but I had so much fun playing it. I ended up playing it through in two days.The artwork is beautiful (SO BEAUTIFUL!!) and it really is a pleasure to play. I probably could have stopped to stare at each scene for a long time - if I hadn't been making an LP of my play through I may have done just that (that would have been weird even for me!) - because it's just that pretty.I really wish I'd picked this up sooner, but then I probably would have gone a little bonkers waiting for another game from this developer (I'll go nutty after I finish Solstice and have to wait years for another VN from these guys instead I guess. HA! ;) )"
,Recommended,293680,13797897,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jefficaht,"Although this game seems like another Cinderella story, it's actually quite fun and different in it's own way. I am completely enthralled with this game, and I find myself playing it for hours without realizing it. It was worth it to get in the sale though. They have a demo available that you can continue after you buy the game, but it's worth checking out just to try it and see if you are interested!/Of course the artwork is beautiful on top of that!"
,Recommended,293680,28749219,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Matt 马休,"A very enjoyable interactive story book game that presents you with multiple dialogue choices throughout which can lead to a variety of endings. The story is based off the fable of Cindarella, however the characters and the way you navigate the world help to make the experience different. The game is well written and balances humour with drama. Each character has their own distinct personality, which you can sometimes change based on your choices. The music and visuals are also excellent and complement the game and its setting well."
,Recommended,293680,13767786,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sedonna,"Now this is the kind of visual novels I love! You get to choose your own personality and make your own choices as you play the game and the characters adjust their attitudes towards you based on your previous choices. It's a very mature and complex version of the Cinderella story. The writer turned the ugly stepsisters and evil stepmother into surprisingly realistic characters. They all have reasons for being the way they are and actually some fairly decent redeeming qualities. You don't end up hating them by the end. The game leaves you really feeling for them and trying to understand what they're going through. My only regret is that the game was not longer and that there aren't more games like this out there. This is the perfect example of my favorite type of games. It has epic artwork and music; good, quality characters and is just wonderful in every aspect. If you like visual novels then I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,293680,10135922,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mit Garrigus,"It's a beautiful game, if you REALLY enjoy reading. Amazing art and new versions of Cinderella story. I wouldn't recommend buy at full price, after the first gameplay it gets kinda boring when trying to reach alternative endings."
76561198041681580,Recommended,293680,28496180,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,older than dirt,"Having never been a fan of visual novel type games, I took a chance on Cinders because of the ""choices matter"" aspect. Having now finished my first play through, I can heartily recommend this game for purchase. The artwork, the writing, the making of choices all add up to a fun game that can be replayed multiple times to find all the different endings.Having met a less than rosy fate in my first play though, I must play again as it obviously was not the fault of my stellar choices...or was it? Nah, not my fault."
76561197999653434,Recommended,293680,29889289,Posted: 12 February,all,Soulliard,Not all visual novels are anime dating sims. This is a great example of the possibilities of the genre.
,Recommended,293680,30366747,Posted: 6 March,all,Palpz,"An enjoyable take on the Cinderella tale, with sufficient twists and tweaks to continue making everything interesting.The plots' decent enough, the characters are relateable, and the artwork is simply gorgeous. All in all, quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,293680,29401828,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Cinders has fantastic art, intriguing characters, and tons of replay value. A VN absolutely worth exploring."
,Recommended,293680,34395697,Posted: 21 August,all,MreeBiPolar,"One of the better done ""choices matter"" visual novels. Definite 9/10tl;dr:... If you don't want to read, it is not for you.It's a nice take on the classic fairy tale -- where you can actually go the route the Cinderella fairy tale is, or get it completely differently.It has a great replay value because not only can it unfold differently, but some routes completely change the other characters, from the cliche 2D cardboard fairy tale stereotypic characters to believable people with their own motivations, conflicts and issues.It is also very nicely drawn, with most of the game being done in full shaded style, interspersed with book-like monocromatic character introductions and finale.There are a few imperfections, of course, some of which could have been easily avoided.Most importantly, there is a significant continuity goof in the main storyline that would have made infinitely more sense if two major plot elements were placed in reverse order (getting money before having the reason to).There are a few minor ones, e.g., even when given the carte blanche to act by Carmosa, you still hide from her -- which was definitely just due to reuse of existing scenes.The indicator that some [part of the] scene is choice-dependant is a good idea, but unfortunately, it does not work any well simply because the majority of content is choice-dependant. It is essentially the reverse -- showing you the very few points you are going to go through anyway, no matter what you do.Some of the endings (including all bad endings) are not just harder to get than perfect endings, but are so obscure you need to either use a guide or note down the complete choice tree to have a chance of getting them.Another minor gripe is that character introduction screens just flash up but don't have any details, nor are accessible as collectibles from the ""Rewards"" screen or serve any other function."
76561198077719495,Recommended,293680,33441548,Posted: 10 July,all,babydollpinup,Fun but short game with multiple endings that are influence with each situation/dialogue choice you make. Pretty graphics and pleasing sound effects.
76561198059931836,Not Recommended,293680,35230554,Posted: 26 September,all,Ryoting,"Very conflicted about this game. I'll try to be as vague as possible to avoid potential spoilers.Pro:BeautifulImaginativeBranching story pathsSome moments of truly brilliant dialogueThe main 'con' that I have with the game is that a lot of the choices seem to give you some real freedom to choose your destiny, but the endgame is always the same. 'Go to the ____'. Okay; all of my other choices have been centered around fixing relationships and coming together, but the endgame has to be the same self-centered fairy tale despite everything I've done up to this point? I don't have the option to change anything, really. Relationships are repaired just for uncharacteristic (for the arc) behavior from Cinder.I really, really loved this game at first. I liked a lot of the options, and seeing a classic story from a different perspective. But in the end, it really seems like they're trying to force you into the same too-small glass slipper, and it doesn't feel good at all. Fixable, but branches should branch; not wrap back around to the exact same dialogue as if characters still hated you."
,Recommended,293680,26368045,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Thana,"An excellent VN, don't regret buying this at all. Just overall great execution, artwork, characters and storyline.Despite being built upon the old fairy tale, Cinders really went past the original in terms of storyline and setting (won't spoil it), I feel- while still being very faithful to the setting of the original, I feel. Or rather, Cinders established a believeable universe in which Cinderella would have occured, explained and went into detail on the otherwise normally supporting characters (the stepmother and sisters, the prince, the fairy godmother(s)), making them all not just believeable but very real and alive in the story itself. For such a short average playthrough (guesstimating 2~ hrs on the first run) everything really just fit in place so well.The characters, as mentioned already, are exceptional. Even the typical villain (the stepmother and sisters) has complex motivations or reasoning- not to say they are morally ambiguous as I feel is a common flaw in such themes, but that their origins, their personal feelings whether right or wrong, their ambitions, etc... drive them. They're humans and they're inherently flawed, I guess. It seems like you really can reason, if you pursue it far enough, with any of them, really- even befriend them and mend the relationship. And the controlling family dynamic and how it affected each sister I also found a really unique take on such an environment. I found myself not really hating anyone in particular,eventually.All in all:+Excellent storyline and believeable, relateable characters. Just really well put together overall+Great art, personally enjoy the stylistic approach taken as well if that counts for anything+Some decent form of replayablity, I feel- I think I'll be coming back to this oneCan't really think of any negatives to this. The pricetag (20$CAD) is pretty high for such a game, despite how well it's put together, perhaps."
,Recommended,293680,26363754,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YoungGunna,"This is a beautiful visual novel. The backgrounds and art are stunning. Also enjoyed the twists on the traditional Cinderella story. If you are not into this type of game, you will probably not enjoy it, as it is not a typical ""game"" and could be a boring experience for some people. But if you enjoy visual novels, then give it a try! The dialogue is mostly entertaining, although I found a few parts too preachy or otherwise a little cheesy.Plenty of endings so definitely re-playable. May not be worth the full price considering it is still a pretty short game, so I'd suggest getting it on sale like I did. Also, the skip option was a nice option for dialogue that you don't want to read through all over again (especially if you're shooting for extra endings/achievements)."
76561198103358520,Recommended,293680,28228317,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,dazenie,"I bought this game after watching a few YouTubers play it, which might affect my view on its replayability. While it can be replayed numerous times, some of the choices felt like they gave the same effect. Of course, this is to be expected sometimes with this genre of game. I really enjoy ""choose your own story"" games, so I did like this. Cinders is beautifully illustrated, it has a fascinating story, and some cool achievements. I think I have played it through completely around eight times total, and everytime I did enjoy it. However, I am glad you have the ability to skip chunks of text, as a lot of them end up being the same."
,Recommended,293680,20323139,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Randomshadows,"A more cynical and real-world approach to the fairytale. Entertaining as a visual novel with some choice elements, if that's your poison. Some of the dialogue is a mixture between colloquial and old-world language, which was humorous to say the least.Skip option for scenes you are replaying was definitely well utilized when picking up all the achievements. Safe to say there are a good lot of endings to choose from.Worth picking up if you're into this kind of thing."
76561198110239234,Recommended,293680,13837988,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,majorelle.blue11,"A pretty good example of a western-styled VN, complete with craft-your-own-ending endings. You can tell that someone worked hard on it because it really shows, and I still can't get over how pretty eveything looks!"
76561198103006553,Recommended,293680,10761817,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eagle Panini,"I dig it.  Slow, but chock full of story."
76561198117026517,Recommended,293680,12561413,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,blackballet_bb,"Gorgeous artwork, interesting characters and multiple possibilities in just one story. Definitely worth the time."
,Recommended,293680,10909355,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Reyes,"I just wrote my own alternate story of Cinderella, truly amazing narration and characters. Even relationships with your sisters depends on your decisions through the game.Feels like interactive book of fairytales, full of colourful pictures and hearthwarming design, which will never leave you indifferent."
76561198091794066,Recommended,293680,13580417,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Linelyn,"This is a brilliant game. Cinders is so different from the typical fairytale, she talks back and is not afraid of telling it like it is. The art work is fantastic and the graphics from the sunlight coming through the window to the dust mites dancing amongst it are very detailed. The characters are really interesting and I loved how you get to sympathise slightly with the step sisters which you would never think of doing! Loved this game so much, thank you!"
76561198065929477,Recommended,293680,10893873,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,alyabunny,"I liked Cinders from the very begining. I was drawn to it just from the image Steam gives you to click on. The trailer was really cool and I was BLOWN. AWAY. less than I minute into the game. I'm only in the middle of my first playthrough but the art is absolutely MIND BLOWING, there are a TON of interesting, unique little details, the story drew me in (and will more than likely do the same to you) and the characters are WONDERFFUL. It's done visual novel style, but even if you absolutely HATE visual novels this is still something you should check out!"
76561198018969815,Recommended,293680,13986125,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,acolomb1,"Lovely art, above-average writing, some replay value.One of the most impressive things that sets this apart from other visual novels (from any country) is the incredible attention to detail.  The fonts, text boxes, and interfaces are attractive and professional-looking; dynamic lighting makes the already-gorgeous backgrounds look even better; and characters' eyes actually move back and forth (although this sometimes can cause character models to veer into ""uncanny valley"" territory).My only real complaint is that, on one or two occasions, the parts of a conversation that were affected by my choices and the parts that would have been said regardless (i.e. main plot stuff) did not flow together naturally, making it difficult to determine whether the relationship between my protagonist and a particular character was friendly or hostile.Still definitely in the upper-tier of visual novels.  If you like VNs, this is a quality product and likely worth your time."
,Not Recommended,293680,28809486,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"I walked away disappointed by this game, which I had high expectations for. Cinders has the basics of a good game - beautiful artwork, interesting chracter design, and a multitude of different game paths. The writing is where this game/visual novel fails. All characters ""sound"" the same in their thoughts and speech. Details about the characters are repeated over and over in the dialogue instead of developing the characters over time. This made the characters very flat and lacking necessary dimension. The same points kept being repeated over and over:even horrible people deserve respect and second chances, we never really understand a person's stance because people are so terribly complex, father and fairies blah blah, the witch is hated by the townspeople, and so on."
,Recommended,293680,10019219,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Redhotviking,To few of these games out there. Excellent is all I can say.
76561198132043354,Recommended,293680,10041465,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mime,I really liked this game although I wish it had been voiced over.But the artwork in this is amazing as well and the music and sound that companies it. What i really loved was the ability to play it over and over again and get different endings everytime. Although I stayed away from
76561198019409084,Not Recommended,293680,13578180,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xuenay,"I wanted to like this game. A visual novel retelling of Cinderella, with beautiful graphics, the opportunity to come to see the characters in a new light, and a rather rewarding UI innovation that tells you whenever the dialogue snippet you're seeing could have gone differently had you chosen differently at some earlier juncture, making the game feel much more interactive.Alas, I couldn't, for the game had too many things that broke my immersion. The protagonist, like the classic Cinderella, is supposed to be living in a small medieval village and have been working basically as a servant for her family for the last several years, yet when she speaks to her stepsisters, she sounds as if she had been reading several books worth of modern pop psychology. At one point she even tells one of her stepsisters, ""you are the unknown variable in this equation"". Just how did she and her stepsister (who seems to understand the expression just fine) have the chance to learn algebra?Furthermore, although the process of Cinders winning over her stepsisters and allowing us to see them as people who had their reasons for treating Cinders badly could have been an enjoyable subversion of the original story, things seem to happen much too easily. At least with one of the stepsisters, the process starts with a conversation where Cinders basically asks whether the stepsister has considered that it would be nicer for everyone if they could be friends, and the stepsister goes ""oh, you're right"". (It's been a little while between me playing the game and writing the review, so I might misremember the details slightly, but even if they're a little off, this is still a good characterization of how sensible the conversion came off as.)I finally stopped playing in a dialogue when a conversation with one of the stepsisters seemed to be going well, but suddenly she started lashing out at me for no reason. That could have been intentional, but it looked more like a bug. Ordinarily that wouldn't have been a game-killer and I could have just gone back to an earlier save to see if I could get around it somehow, but with this game, it was the final straw."
76561198232440356,Recommended,293680,23830997,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jacq,"I've been wanting to try this game for a while but found the price tag a bit too steep to risk it. Bought it on sale for $6 and thought it was worth it.Pros: Graphics are lovely.A few hours of game play.Interesting take on the cinderella story.Ctrl key can skip some sections you've already played through.Cons: Some of the dialogue and story pacing is a bit slow and awkward or stiff. (Some sections are very good though!)Some romance options seemed a bit rushed through or sudden.Although the sparkly text roll out is cute, sometimes it gets a bit slow and I wished the text would roll out faster. (Hitting enter didn't always work).Lots of repeated dialogue and some pretty serious railroading happening though much of the book which limits replay value.So if you can get it on sale and like visual novels I'd say get it and give it a try."
,Recommended,293680,34047721,Posted: 5 August,all,MusicalSoul,I honestly don't get tired of this game. I've played through a few times to get different endings and I'm still finding it enjoyable. The writing is clever and has made me laugh out loud several times. Definitely recommend for fans of visual novels. Your choices actually change the story in a noticeable way. Great game.
,Recommended,293680,24160218,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,InkedMoonTiger,"Loved! Beautiful artwork and interesting twist on a typical fairytale. I played through all endings and was not disappointed with any. Multiple ending and multiple love interests. Some of the communication with the step sisters is long and boring, but can change based off decisions .  Overall, I would buy this game again. I did purchase on steam summer sale."
,Recommended,293680,29392400,Posted: 21 January,all,404pants,"LOVE this game!!! I could play it endlessly just for the absolutely stunning artwork and beautiful storytelling. There are a ton of different endings, so every choice matters. I had so much fun with this game.If you love fairy tales and beautiful artwork, this game is a MUST play."
76561198117493929,Recommended,293680,31750153,Posted: 14 May,all,Mayumi Sato,"I remember the first time I saw this game, I was like ""this is so expensive! There's so many games like this in a more affordable price! Why should I buy this one?"". But then, I saw a review saying that yeah, it was expensive but it was really worth the price and a truly great game and I got curious.I brought it and honestly, I loved it. The story, the characters, the beautiful, beautiful art. Not to mention the fact that the game helps you to know which events are a a consequence of a previous choice which is really good for this sort of game.I like the fact that the ending is actually a bunch of possible endings for different aspects of the story combined but sometimes, they don't make a lot of sense based on your choices. Even if you become bffs with one of the sisters, if you don't get the right ending, it will say that you guys ignored each other and hated each other and all that. It's really a pain.Anyway, yeah, this game is pretty cool if you like heavy story-based sort of games and not necessarily for its romance but more for the story of a independent and interesting female protag."
,Recommended,293680,17593368,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,tokki♥,"An alright visual novel.Don't get me wrong- the story has an interesting twist to it. You're Cinderella- the girl on fire. She's not a weak/meek/shy character and it's rather refreshing to see her be someone emotionally strong and gives out amusing sarcastic comments. Her stepsisters are rather good looking (ha disney) and the prince isn't that ♥♥♥♥ing thirsty for a girl and rather, he thinks in a political sense... that most princes (cough disney) SHOULD think.However, for a $20 dollar visual novel, the gameplay is very short and routes compared to other visual novels I have played. Not only that, there's no skip button to pass the dialog that you have came across.I would recommend to get this game on sale."
76561198104226626,Recommended,293680,32184836,Posted: 4 June,all,Ibatu,Wonderful game! Its a more grown up version of Cinderella which I appreciate. Once I figured out that control is the skip button it was great! Looking forward to playing more great games from them!
76561198105180048,Recommended,293680,28827006,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,paintsunlight,"I loved this game! It's beautiful, and I love fairytales, so this was right up my alley. There are a lot of cool different endings. There were a couple I had to look up because I couldn't figure out how to get to them, but for the most part it is easy to figure it out. The choices throughout the novel were interesting. You really get to shape the personality of the main character. Also, did I mention how pretty of a game it is?"
76561198288048769,Recommended,293680,32849021,Posted: 27 June,all,spennakyoko,"This game is one of the best games that I have ever played. The main character is very interesting and sassy. The art is beautiful and unique. The music is great and the character inteactions are natural and fun.The story is very well written and balanced : serious where it needs to be and funny when it's necesssary. What I especially LOVE about this game is that, unlike many games that have a set ""game path"" despite what choices you make or has limited endings, the choices in Cinders give you entirely different endings : there are so many variables to the endings in the story and the heroine's personality changes according to the choices you make along the story so that the ending makes sense. In short, it's a great game and I'd buy it with or without sale because I believe it deserves all the support we could give it. I would defnitly be interested in more games similar to Cinders from the game makers."
76561198120993683,Recommended,293680,17255359,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,"I liked the spunky dialouge and witty story. I wish this game was a bit longer, but it was still good. I'm not a huge fan of the art. I'm not big on the anime style proportions on very realistic art, but it's not super distracting. And I would say that they would be very nice if proportioned more like humans are. The backgrounds are also very nice."
,Recommended,293680,16770679,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ephy,"Finished (most endings, all achievements) after playing for ~5 hours. I enjoyed it; had fun finding multiple endings and being both good and wicked.Pros:- gorgeous artwork.- lovely music.- on subsequent playthroughs, you can skip any dialogue you've already read.- great story.- well-rounded characters, even the 'ugly stepsisters'.- the game shows you where your decisions have impacted the story.Cons:- dialogue hints at (often ominous) things that are completely unresolved.- is that Shady Character in cahoots with EVERYONE!?- a little tedious trying to get all achievements/endings.Ephy Rating: 7/10Summary: Do you like visual novels/choose-your-own-adventure books where your decisions actually make an impact? Get this one on sale, but definitely get it."
76561198046040080,Recommended,293680,28685864,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rootsdrawing,"This game is surprisingly very addictive. From the choices you make which deviates from the original story line of Cinderella, you can shape your own story line."
,Recommended,293680,24298419,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Danny Weatherwax,"This is a fun game, short and sweet with lots of ways the story could go! I could play this many times."
,Recommended,293680,16557369,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,☮ CATPICK,"95% dialogue, would like to see more animation/player choices, but my first run earned me the grim skull achievement aka die a miserable death which was surprising. Went back and ended up running off with hot scar-face Captain, much better ending. Beautiful art design"
,Recommended,293680,25389344,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anjel,"Wow... I bought this game a while ago and only recently got around to playing and have to say i'm impressed. Having played copious amounts of VNs in the past (and present, they are a guilty pleasure of mine, afterall), I was surprised with how many options and endings were available to the player to affect the story. Usually there are a couple of options with some rather than others being the more 'important' ones that affect the story but here, it seems as if almost every option branches the story in another direction. You help guide Cinders and with the choices you pick, her personality changes and so does the outcomeof the tale. The 'evil' stepmother and stepsisters aren't as black or white in this case - everyone has a reason for doing what they do and the characters are humanized. You're forced to take into account not only the actions but the setting the characters are in; whether they do things considered good or bad, most of the times they're just trying to do the best they can do in that situation.Okay so basically what I'm trying to say is yes you should get the game and try it out because its worth the money. They put a lot of time and efforst into this one and it shows :)"
,Recommended,293680,33175335,Posted: 3 July,all,Wispa Dori,"This game blew my mind with its spectacular artwork and music! I thoroughly enjoyed playing through it for the sole purpose of unlocking new scenes and listening to more soundtracks!The storyline is a cliche, I admit, but it is based on the story of Cinderella so that's expected. There are few twists and dark elements which make up for the cheesiness, though. And you get to choose who you end up with, so that's a bonus.All in all, I think this game is perfect for those who appreciate art and music more than engaging storylines. And the price is acceptable when it is on sale."
,Recommended,293680,20903664,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,PinkPeachick,"Keeping in mind what this game is, it's beautiful, intriguing and keeps you wondering what would happen if you chose any other path, which is what games like this are supposed to do as that keeps you playing them.Now, if you like freedom of movement, freedom of character development or freedom of customizing your experience, I can't recommend that you would enjoy this game. Cinders, for all the beauty and wonder of her world, is very firmly set in it. Despite getting to know all these little things about the world around Cinders, at her core she stays the same person, which is a little difficult to believe considering how drasticly each of her paths can change.Not only is Cinders fairly grounded in her ways, but also everyone around her. Not to spoil anything, but none of your decisions are going to make anything truly amazing or drastic happen. You will simply be able to examine this story from all possible angles and, as was common with oral-passed stories in the past, determine which moral or characteristic is more prominant in the success or failure of the story.It's fun if you like that sort of thing. I do."
76561198177186038,Recommended,293680,24979704,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Wicked Widow,"absolutely beautiful, the art and soundtrack. A bit of dark fairytale is always a plus for me. repeatable for the multiple endings"
,Recommended,293680,25813895,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,A really nice visual novel with great art and music. The story is a little simple but I love the amount of branching paths available.
76561198149026543,Recommended,293680,15570373,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ryannkaplan,"I love this game. So much fun to play, the art style is breathtaking, the music is ethereal and there are so many potential endings."
76561198100877314,Recommended,293680,17171028,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Fen'Harel,"Excellent writing, engaging storytelling, interesting characters, perplexing decisions, incredible visual style, great music, and highly replayable.I thought that Cinders would bore me but it turned out to be really gripping. This game is everything you could ever want from a visual novel and every fan of the genre should try it."
76561198052709775,Recommended,293680,22250810,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dreamerInSilico,"This is a gorgeous, polished, thoughtfully-written visual novel that walks a nice middle ground as far as complexity goes - it's hard to ""break"" the narrative with one's choices (which is a problem a lot of otome games run into), but there are still lots of those choices and you can really see their impact on how the game unfolds and resolves.The endings are broken down into four main categories, with a lot of room for variation within those categories that makes for a high replay value.  Art is unique and beautiful, and the writing is consistently clever.  Pacing is excellent.  I finished my first playthrough in 2-3 hours, which felt just about right, given how many more times I want to go through it.Really my only disappointments were the lack of F/F romance potential, particularly in a so wonderfully lady-centric game (forget the prince; I wanted to marry the fairy!), and what felt like some untapped narrative potential regarding one of the major story branches (without getting into spoilers, there's a lot of vague but explicitly called-out foreboding around that branch, implying interesting and not necessarily pleasant consequences that don't seem to show up in the actual endings)."
76561198096583821,Recommended,293680,27374456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,STARFIRE,"If you like visual novels, Cinders is definitely worth checking out. Not only are the visuals astounding, but the writing is solid.  It's an overall fun, mature (but *no nudity!*)  twist on the Cinderella story. The characters have great depth (depending on how you play the game), and there's several differnet paths and combinations you can take that maximize the playthrough value.One aspect that might be frustrating is that the game does not make obvious what the different personality choices are coded as. For example, is the choice you picked ""good,"" ""bad,"" or ""naive?"" The lack of labelling makes the game a bit more challenging to get all the endings. If you are looking for a quick playthrough for 100% completion, you may have to go online if you don't want to do it through trial and error.Overall amazing game with great relationships, story, and visuals. Highly recommended for those who like VNs or those who are looking to get into the VNs."
,Recommended,293680,10050718,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,j.lala,"Initially when I bought this I thought it would be a point and click type game, however quickly realised that's not the case. So if that's what you want from this game, you might be disappointed. The gameplay is more like reading a storybook with options of choosing decisions at some points in the story, allowing you to change certain outcomes.The game has very beautiful graphics and a great soundtrack to go with it. The only thing I wish it had, was a voice over for characters. But still an engaging game!I have yet to finish the game but have found it enjoyable to far."
76561198050918249,Recommended,293680,13939883,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bloodyalice,"I wouldn't say I LOVED this game but I liked it quite a bit so it's enough for a postive review.-  The artwork and backgrounds were just stunning.  You could get caught up in just looking at the visuals of this game.  Just wow.  Amazing good.  I wanted to screenshot everything, it was just so beautiful to look at.- There are four or five different endings which are pretty interesting and give it a good playback value.- If you take your time, Cinders takes about four or five hours to complete per round.- Very fitting soundtrack music.  It's nice and relaxing - which says a lot because I normally have to turn down or turn off the music because of getting annoyed.  I didn't have to in this game.- It's a great game to play before bed since it's a visual novel - it's very relaxing and doesn't take a lot of energy to play.  You can just read and make some choices here and there.- It's very different from ""Disney's Cinderella."" It's a complete retelling of the story, so you won't get bored reading it likely and it's fairly decently written - it's entertaining at least and some fun options by the end and cool characters.  They are not completely one-dimensional."
76561198049623191,Recommended,293680,14879856,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lion Aslan,"I don't know why it's RPG, to me it's quite an intersting visual novel. Unlike any japanese VN I saw Cinders is a game of ambition. Relations? Who cares! Cinders have some ambitions and player decides which and how exactly she'll achieves it.Great game, really."
,Recommended,293680,14982016,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,elemental_knight1,"A fun and unique take on the classic tale. In my opinion, the best part is the characterizations - the characters so often glossed over in other tellings are given real life here, particularly the stepmother and the stepsisters. I greatly enjoyed playing it with my girlfriend. However, any one playthrough is several hours, at least in my experience - despite how much I liked it, I doubt I'll be going through it to collect all the endings any time soon."
76561198052772037,Recommended,293680,10194041,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kem Pet Unsu,"I normally make it a rule not to spend more on a game than $1 per hour. I paid full-price for this game because so many people raved about it, and it looked like a really interesting take. And I must say I was not disappointed. I like how many different endings there are, and how many ways there are to get to those endings. The art is just stunning, the play with colors really gives you a feel for the setting. Some have mentioned the skip feature, and yes it is really nice. If you're unsure, wait for a sale, but this is one game I have no regrets about paying the full price for."
76561198124293061,Recommended,293680,11076739,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jickwala,"A new and more realistic take on a timeless tale, Cinders is an experiance I thoughly enjoyed and one I whole-heartedly recomend."
,Recommended,293680,11127338,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Aoifers,"Cinders is a wonderful game.  A well-written and interesting take on a classic fairytale, Cinders has beautiful art, lovely music, and thought-provoking characters.  Definitely a must for visual novel fans, and still highly recommended to fans of games with a good story."
,Recommended,293680,14970238,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mili,"This story-telling ""game"" is just wonderful. Dont expect action or so one. Just enjoy the atmosphere, very good soundtrack and help Cinders to decide her fate. This game fell in my heart in a second and I really enjoyed it. You can finish it everytime differently. And someone can say that you will finish it and you will never go back to this. For me it isnt true. Im still going back to this because I just love these characters. If you just want to relax and enjoy interesting story with lovely characters and music, this one is just for you! :)"
,Recommended,293680,15864532,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Juylyenne,I loved this game! The art was gorgeous and it felt like my decisions mattered. I've ran into too many story games that fall short in both areas. Great job!
,Recommended,293680,13781326,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Erinkyan,"By far the most beautiful visual novel I've played.  Worth it for the art alone.  But the rest of the game is also excellent - the story is the right mix of classic and something fresh, the characters have been fleshed out magnificently, and the presentation of the writing is easy to read and feel involved in."
,Recommended,293680,13848882,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SeraphineJ,Beautiful visual novel with a decent amount of player choices and it's a fun twist on a classic tale.
,Recommended,293680,15961606,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Anakiro,"Having just reread this game LOTS of times to get the 100% completion, I'd say it was definitely worth my time. It's a great story, and the visuals are lovely. Small things like an open window swinging in the background, or the characters' eyes moving as they're on screen adds a lovely dynamic to the game. The choices also have substance, changing the story in subtle ways. Absolutely worth a look if you're a completionist, as it should keep you busy for a while past the initial Steam achievements. 14 hours well spent MaoCube!"
,Recommended,293680,30602542,Posted: 18 March,all,Archon,"This game is so amazing it taught me that ""Derriere means A$S"".Update: A very well-written story. It's extremely hard to predict the ending, I even was surprised it ended that way for me."
,Recommended,293680,22377505,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Haryo25,"Conclusion: This game is amazing. The character building is perfect, the story makes sense. It's not perfect, but at least it's realistic. The choices are significant, unlike TellTale Games which some of the choices makes no effect on the story.I say that this game is excellent, but I recommend to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,293680,10701963,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Derme,"When I started Cinders I wasn't sure I liked it, next thing I know I'm checking my watch and two hours have gone past!Overall the story/writing is exceptional, it fleshes out characters that have motives and aspirations. My only complaint about the game is that, at points, the writing quality drops. For instance everybody always seems to be apologizing at the end of a conversation when there doesn’t seem to be a need to.Each scene looks beautiful with colour and animations. You could stare at it for a very long time.This game probably isn’t for everyone but if you enjoyed story driven games, like the ‘The Wolf Among us’ you’ll love this."
,Recommended,293680,10794060,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,paivi,"A little gem of a visual novel with fairy tale roots. The art is gorgeous and the writing is usually good, although sometimes dialogue slips into unintentional hilarity. The writers seem hell-bent in impressing us with Cinders' insight, so occasionally the dialogue reminded me of a psychiatrist consulting a patient as Cinders clinically analyzes and solves (or abuses, depending on player choice) her stepsister's insecurities.As far as faults go, there are a few typos -  somewhat jarring in a text-based visual novel. A definite thumbs-up overall, though."
,Not Recommended,293680,13537101,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MrMediocrity,"Kind of boring. Beautiful art, neat take on humanizing characters; however, never gives much depth or meaning to your choices."
,Recommended,293680,23873925,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,normalsauce,Gorgeous artwork make up for an average story. Playing thru for the multiple endings is quick & easy. Worth it on sale.
76561198030168513,Recommended,293680,24090031,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,nurphs,9 outta 10 would play again to make awkward passes at the brooding warrior character
,Recommended,293680,28879596,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,blueoctavonotebook,cinders is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing everyone and their mothers (ESPECIALLY THEIR MOTHERS) should play this game
,Recommended,293680,23227105,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kloddant,"For me, making decisions in conversations and having those decisions affect the rest of the story is the best part of RPGs, and this game/genre takes that mechanic from that genre and cuts out everything else, including the boring grinding.  Add to that the beautiful artwork, and this is just an excellent game.  I do wish it were longer though.  It took me 3 hours, has little replayability, and I spent $10 on it.  $3.33/fun-hour is not a great ratio."
76561198064268535,Recommended,293680,26078475,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,julitastic,"Like the premise, wish there was more replay value for sure."
76561198095320410,Recommended,293680,18011298,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Janiya,"An awesome game! Probably the best graphic novel/dating sim that I've ever played.I like that all the characters in this game have depth, even the supposed villains. And while there's a number of people you can ""date"", you have to be very clear on your path with them to get the best endings. There are also paths where you don't end up with anyone at all. All of your actions really do have consequences.The game is extremely well made. The graphics are stunning and the background sounds work well. The game runs very smoothly and so far, every storyline I've played has been enjoyable.There were a few times in the game where I felt the dialogue got a bit preachy. The writers obviously really wanted to push the idea that Cinders was strong and independent, but at times it was like they were beating you over the head with it. Don't get me wrong, I love this game and I LOVE the fact that it actually has a strong female protagonist and that the goal of the game isn't necessarily to end up with a man. I think a little bit of subtlety would have gone a long way."
76561198111351391,Recommended,293680,21649171,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mice_tyson,"I can't add much more than everyone else has already said. The game is visually stunning, the characters are fleshed out, and there are so many options for replay. I love how much is in your (Cinders) control. I hope to see more like this in the future."
,Recommended,293680,33256271,Posted: 4 July,all,elyneri,"I really enjoyed this game! The play through isn't too long, so it's easy to try all the different choices you have through out the game and see all the different endings. I have so much through going through and seeing how each of your choices changes the ending. A fun twist on Cinderella.My only complaint is I wish I had the option not to have text scroll on screen and the box can't just pop with all the text in it, it has to scroll across. Otherwise, I recommend it for any one who enjoys VNs, Fairy tails, and choice matters games."
,Recommended,293680,17560967,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,deadnamethebreadname371,"Grabbed this on sale a while back, just started playing it last couple of days.It is TOTALLY worth the full price, I am so excited for Solstice to come out. Gorgeous art, atmospheric music, impressive depth and complexity to (most of) the characters and the story, loads of replayability and while you can skip stuff you've already seen by tappin' ctrl, I found myself wanting to see how stuff flowed into new choices and held off on the ctrl a few times on my way to the achivements as a result. I even ended up doing a couple playthroughs after I'd earned not just all the achievements but also 100% on all the options for every ending, just to see certain specific combos play out in the story instead of just selecting what the ending slide would look like if I'd done that particular combo (altho maybe that's just me, YMMV).tl;dr no brainer purchase on sale, nothing to lose/rich inner worlds of suffering, healing, cruelty and compassion to gain...but you shoud buy it anyway"
,Recommended,293680,17656993,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,masutin,It was a short but very entertaining experience. I like visual novels and fairy tale games so Cinders truly was a game for me. I liked the illustrations and the atmosphere the characters and story created. I wonder if the game would have lasted longer if I had made different choices? Hmmm I think I need to play this game again later :)I can recommend this game for visual novel fans who are interested to see the fairy tale in a slightly different light.
,Recommended,293680,18853138,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,kwalker101,"This VN definitely is one of the best I've played. Ever. The art is wonderful, the music top-notch, and the story fun. I have always enjoyed new takes on fairy tales, and I really like how this lets you put your own spin on things. Want to imprison the evil stepmother and take back the house (and NOT marry the prince)? You can do that. Marry the prince and have the stepmother as an advisor? You can do that, too. The various ways this can go are a bit of a balancing act of inter-character relationships, which keeps things interesting. A lot of experimentation yeilds all sorts of ways to make or break relationships. Definitely fun, with lots of replay value!"
,Recommended,293680,18944590,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ghoul,"I've played through a majority of the game by now (and would like to continue until I'm all finished) and I must say it's quite engaging and unique. Some parts seem a little boring but that usually changes pretty fast. All the characters are quite interesting, especially Sophia, who is probably the most fun to speak to, and also the shady character, who I wish we knew more about. I don't agree with all of the characterization that is done in this game and all its paths, but I can appreciate them nonetheless.I do wish there were some other options for Cinder (maybe less of some and more of others) and that it was perhaps a little longer, and I don't like every part of it, but it's a good game, I'd rate it a solid 7/10 or 8/10, depending on what path you choose. The art is brilliant, as well as the music, and the atmosphere the game itself creates is very inspiring! I enjoy reading, so this was pleasant, though I could see some people getting more bored, more often, than I did. It does have its faults (I spotted one or two spelling errors), but it's got quite a few hours of fun in it.(Sidenote: I bought this when it was on sale, and I'd recommend others do the same if they get the chance.)"
,Recommended,293680,24462396,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sirius_Black_1996,"If like visual books and you like choose your own adventure games, then go for this.  The art design is pretty, though some of the dialogue is kind of cheesy.  A fun way to pass an evening."
76561198253379749,Recommended,293680,32380764,Posted: 12 June,all,beanthany,"This game is so beautiful and enjoyable. The music and art are fantastic, and the multiple incarnations of the classic cinderella story were so fun to explore and find."
76561198160651894,Recommended,293680,20655676,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Panda-sama,"This game has such an irresistible charm to it, from the art to the choices you make. I always enjoy coming back to this game, and it has become one of my favourites."
,Recommended,293680,24252053,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pinupattack,"Cinders is a wonderfully put together visual novel with it beautiful art style and modern spin on the traditional Cinderella story.Pros:- Gorgeous art style- Number of ending variants- Lovely soundtrack- The ""skip"" option is great for replayabilityCons:- The story becomes a little repetitive, if you are replaying the story to try and get different endings- Some of the romantic storylines could have been fleshed out a little moreOverall, this has been an enjoyable visual novel."
,Recommended,293680,18851023,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Liese,"I think the only thing I could complain about is how short it is. Otherwise it's a great retelling, wonderfully done."
,Recommended,293680,17705669,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,tomanachos,"quite entertaining game. it's based on certain fairytale story but the settings/choices are more realistic and less about the fairy tale stuff, kinda makes me curious how it ends."
76561198117184070,Recommended,293680,17928311,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,The-Tricky-Thing,loved it ^__^
,Recommended,293680,28933301,Posted: 2 January,all,ωιnnιε✢,Amazing game with beautiful art. Definately worth your money.
,Recommended,293680,31847008,Posted: 19 May,all,Sen,"A charming little visual novel that actually takes your choices and forms your character around them. Multiple endings, each requiring a different approach to how you view the world."
,Recommended,293680,33707125,Posted: 21 July,all,Frank Skepo,Very artistic and the sound track is brilliant! It goes to show that induie games are on the rise now and with all the different endings you can get def worth getting! :)
,Recommended,293680,16557372,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,☮ CATPICK,"95% dialogue, would like to see more animation/player choices, but my first run earned me the grim skull achievement aka die a miserable death which was surprising. Went back and ended up running off with hot scar-face Captain, much better ending. Beautiful art design"
,Recommended,293680,17608185,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Chloe,"Have you ever wanted to play 'Ever After' as a video game? Because this is about it.The game, while not deep, is a pleasant visual novel. It's ascethically pleasing in both art and music and the story, although simple, is a fun little distraction."
76561198167850471,Recommended,293680,21220295,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,eliza.knight339,"This is a great game, i love the art work and the story, but it is pretty difficult, I tried few times but only got half good ending, not a totally perfect happy ending"
,Recommended,293680,24121253,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Abatida,I really wanted to marry that captain.
76561198049930974,Recommended,293680,28748056,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bambi,"Cinders is beautiful. The artwork, the stories, and the music. It is a visual novel in the style of the old choose-your-own-adventure books. Definitely worth it during a sale."
,Recommended,293680,30605211,Posted: 18 March,all,TheFlyingOtaku,"Great artwork, awesome storyline, and amazing characters.  Basically the perfect game!  I would definitely reccommend this to people who just like to relax when playing.  This reminds me of one of those choose your own adventure stories.  Overall, a great game!"
,Recommended,293680,17301286,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,renegademoofin,"The backgrounds and character designs in this game are absolutely -stunning-. The women are especially attractive, and their personalities are all quite compelling. Even the wicked stepsisters are enjoyable. It's quite a fun retelling of Cinderella, and I would recommend it for the look if nothing else. Man oh man, is it gorgeous."
76561198048136838,Recommended,293680,29078037,Posted: 6 January,all,Foosiez,"It was a pretty fun story and great characterizations. If you're not into getting all the variants and achievements, or basically to ever replay it, it's definitely a great game. (1 playthrough approx. 2 hours)Some good stuff:The storyThe charactersDivergent paths that reflect character choicesAll the variations of the four major endingsSome dumb stuff:The scroll to view history was obnoxious: you have to replay the whole lines instead of getting something already populated or a whole script. This feature didn't work at all after coming out of a skip sequence.The skip feature would stop at scene changes. There's a lot of those.The ""this could be changed"" flower was obnoxious and unclear during skip sequences.I found a lot of the men's fashion to be unappealing and boring; those dudes just weren't that interesting to look at but that just might be my preference.That noise that happens during scene changes with the flute really gets annoying."
,Recommended,293680,23784065,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dyufozeon,"This game is pretty charming, as you may guess. And it's quite well written as well, lots of different ramifications to the plot; it's interesting how all your choices seem to stack up, creating a cohesive result in the end.Would definitely recommend to anyone who appreciates the art style and would like to experience a compelling story."
76561197987189452,Recommended,293680,24326135,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,wogleta,Good game.Some of the endings show a nice paradigm shift.Forget the status quo.
,Recommended,293680,23866625,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,King-king,"This role playing game is more of a visual novel than just a story itself with primarily female characters wishful to change their lives. You, acting as Cinders, would face consequences by the choices and decisions you’ve made throughout the narration. In comparison to the classic fairy-tale of Cinderella, it’s more reflective, serious, and more mature in approach.Pros:*For the most part, the game has carried out the fascinating fairy-tale of Cinderella*Story rich game play with nice graphics/art style and with excellent soundtracks*The twist of the story is clever and unpredictable, especially with it’s ending (haven’t expected such finale wew!)*Great choice for those gamers who also takes pleasure in storybooks as a child*There is wisdom in some sorts of story line...Cons:*Repeated background and environment*The dialogue seems too monotonous*You can’t replay your decisions haha!*At odds, the romance is not that enchanting as anticipated from the bookMoreover, t’was a pleasant game! Worth the time to experience Cinders' world. Buy it when it's on sale. :)"
76561198046152057,Recommended,293680,21108686,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,T_Bitt,Cinders is a refreshing take on a classic fairytale. The visuals and soundtrack are stunning. The subtle changes to dialogue that occur depending on how you interact with other characters gives the game huges amounts of replay. There are dozens of different variations to the same type of ending and getting them all is an entertaining challenge.
,Recommended,293680,24561974,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Veridium,"Cinders is a visually appealing modern take on the Cinderella fairytale.  It did a great job of including occasional social commentary without detracting from the overall flow of the narrative.  I enjoy anime but hadn't delved into visual novels, until Cinders.  The slight changes in movement and expressions of the character portraits, music, and the overall storyline kept me engaged, without feeling like I was trudging through a glorified illustrated book.  The decisions that you make actually change the storyline and the interactions between characters.  Choices in the game also come up often enough that you’re not reading for extended periods of time and sitting as a passive observer, but rather as an active participant.  Although the option to “fast forward” through text made completing alternate storylines a relatively quick process, I would have preferred the option to “skip” text and scenes entirely or the ability to move directly to bookmarked decision points.I consider this a fun and endearing introduction to visual novels because of the familiar, yet engaging theme.  It also created a spark of interest in other visual novels. The inclusion and portrayal of characters derived from African/Afro-Caribbean  traditions and beliefs was a very pleasant suprise."
76561198062552799,Recommended,293680,15117685,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sereis,"Pretty decent game, one play through is enough for me. but still a enjoyable one playthrough7/10"
76561198092065417,Recommended,293680,20597046,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SoS (Piney),"I really wasn't sure what to expect from yet another tale based on the Cinderella formula, but this visual novel was really good.  The writing kept me interested, the art was fantastic, and the music provided the proper ambiance.Pros:Beautiful artBeautiful musicFamiliar Cinderella story fleshed out with extra characters, intrigue, and backstoryCons:Moderately short, but the replayability due to multiple endings makes up for it somewhatProbably worth noting that I read pretty fast and was clicking through the story at a fast clip, so likely this game will take you a little longer than the two hours it took me to complete one playthrough."
76561198177878247,Recommended,293680,20016149,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pickupsticks,"Review after just one play through:This is a very nicely put together game.  The characters are interesting and engaging.  The dialogue is entertaining and... OK, it's a little stilted in places, but that's fine.  It still feels right.There are a reasonable amount of choices to make and the outcomes are varied enough to make those choices meaningful and interesting.I'm fully intending to go back and play through this multiple times to explore the other endings and dig deeper into the lives of the characters.  This is a sweet morsel of deliciousness."
76561198040786107,Recommended,293680,22747836,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PeanutBoy and Jaleel,"If you're into Fairytales, Visual Novels, and Beautiful animation than you're going to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,293680,20654021,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sailor Moon,Great VA game. Beautiful graphics and awesome soundtrack. It doesn't follow a set path and you have a lot of opportunities to make your own story.
76561198035915039,Recommended,293680,27911052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dragonofyre,"I personally enjoyed this short visual novel, but unless you're a fan of the genre or want to see a reimagining of Cinderella, no need to buy this game."
,Recommended,293680,22284356,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,malihandra,"Overall, I would recommend this game. The art style is absolutely beautiful. Cinders provides an alternative to the manga/anime style visual novels. Plus, it revolves around a tweaked version of the classic fairy tale Cinderella. Fairy tales and their various retellings are interesting. This game allows you to take charge of that retelling.However, the writing is not always great. I think at 19.99 the game is a bit overpriced, but not drastically so."
76561198047992889,Recommended,293680,16785229,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Belsnickel,"I waited for this game to go on sale because I think the price is a little ridiculous. But for $10? This game is definitely worth it.The story and art are incredible to say the least. The many different paths and endings you can achieve give the game a high level of replayability, along with the the ever so hand ""skip"" button (which stops automatically whenever you encounter a new scene or piece of dialogue you haven't seen before.)This is a visual novel where your choices really do matter. Every component of your relationships with other characters and personal character choices influence the ending you receive. My only complaint is that the price is a little steep, and I was lucky to have gotten this game while it was on sale.10/10 I would reccomend this to all lovers of visual novels, fairy tales, and dark stories. This isn't your average fairy tale :)"
76561198067725186,Recommended,293680,20798827,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,hexagon,"Overall this is a great game!The artwork and overall style is fantastic.The interface is simple and intuitive.The sound effects were above average. I muted the music, but tend to do so in every game. Other sounds were excellent with the exception of the tavern. It is a rather short loop, and becomes repetitive.Your first game can take ~3 hours to complete. Subsequent games go quickly as the Ctrl key allows portions of text you've previously read to be skipped.My two complaints:One - The writing.The writing is not bad, it just needs improvement. There are quite a few typos; you can easily discern what is meant, but they are a distraction. To the developer's credit, there is a discussion in the community hub where typos can be submitted, but this game was released a few years ago, and more than enough typos remain to make me wonder if a patch was ever applied. Where is the game text stored? I'll edit typos for a reasonable rate.With typos removed, I find the readability level directed towards younger readers. You won't find many big words, or stretch your vocabulary. This is not bad, as it makes for an easy read, and likely makes for a larger audience. I would have preferred the text to be geared more towards an adult audience.Two – Some of the Choices / PathsOne that stands out to me is Cinders relationship with her younger sister Sophia. In one playthrough I felt I made some real progress in rebuilding a normal relationship between the two. But come the next morning when Sophia actively seeks to spend time with me, I have to tell her that I was planning on some alone time in town; maybe next time kid?... We were just getting somewhere!"
76561198205147132,Recommended,293680,18816086,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Rozzlynn,"This game takes a well-known story and transforms it by taking a nuanced and humanizing approach to every character, and by allowing you to work towards an impressive variety of endings. Replaying it to unlock every variation can start to drag even with the skip function for dialogue you've already viewed, but the fact that I was immersed enough to want to unlock them anyway counts as a positive in my opinion. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys visual novels with a bit of depth."
76561198034807611,Recommended,293680,20045943,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,katie.woltz,"Great VN - your actions defiantely make a difference, and you have a lot of control over what endings you acheive. Fun to replay and try and get specific vairant endings. Great music, lovely art.Highly recommend if you like visual novels. This is not a point and click or puzzle game, this is relationship management."
,Recommended,293680,24122354,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Arisa,CAPTAIN HUSBANDO <3This was a pretty interesting western otome take on Cinderella.It was tedious to start all the way at the beginning in order to collect all the endings though
76561197998266429,Recommended,293680,30578189,Posted: 17 March,all,T_Neumann,Thoroughly recommended. Not difficult to branch your own path as you see it - kinda obvious to see how to attain each achievements - but well worth the journey.Love the art style.LOVE the soundtrack.Buy it!
76561197998669009,Recommended,293680,25120074,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,saravd,It's short but fun
76561198002959404,Not Recommended,293680,24146976,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gaz Blackheart,"I'm not saying it was a badly made game the visuals are nice and the story is fine but there is not a whole lot of content and the ""branching"" is almost nonexistant no matter what choices you make you will always go to the ball and meet the prince ect. only who helps you and a very small thing at the end changes...the full price IMO would not have been worth it and there are plenty of original VN type games that have more content for about the same or lower price. Glad I got it on sale."
76561198119647177,Recommended,293680,29860500,Posted: 11 February,all,мerмaιd weιrdo,This game is lovely- The graphics are amazing. I think that they should make one for Beauty and the Beast.
76561198137578306,Recommended,293680,21679327,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,crystal_raine,"Basically, it's a choose your own adventure novel.On that note, I now know that if I were Cinderella, I'd kill my stepsisters with kindness, upstage them at the ball, then say ""screw the prince"" and run away with his knight instead....  Clearly, this is information I needed to know about myself."
,Recommended,293680,10524689,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Saddith,"It is bold to create an original game based on such a timeless tale, but Cinders is nevertheless successful. The dialogues are witty and the artwork is easy on the eye. This visual novel also goes deeper than typical ""girly"" ones, as not everything is all about being ""liked"" by a romantic interest or another, but also understand the people evolving around you, because, maybe even the evil step-mother actually has goals and aspirations that might not be that far from yours."
,Recommended,293680,10853991,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,bb-haruna,It is a fantastic choice-based visual novel based around the fairytale of Cinderella. The art is simply amazing and there are so many different endings and possibilities.
76561198073400785,Recommended,293680,13424766,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,jmt1113,"What a delightful game!  The only virtual novels I have done are the ""choose your own adventure"" novels for children on Amazon.  I remember these types of books from my childhood where it would have you turn to a certain page.  I must be showing my age LOL!  I liked the graphics, the storyline, and the fact that it has such replayability.  It takes 3.5 hours to complete, just as comparison since I don't notice anyone else mentioning that."
76561197979402731,Recommended,293680,11225013,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Zatio,"Cinders is a fun game, i liked the options you got.But it seem to lack love, maybe i missed something who knows but it all seemed a bit to robotic to me.In the end i just wanted to reach a ending, at most i ended up caring for both the sisters but thats as far as it goes in this game.I will replay this game at least a couple times as its not a bad game just not a great romance game.I would recommend this game to those who like choises and reading."
,Not Recommended,293680,30699982,Posted: 24 March,all,malkcontent,I absolutely love the art style of this game but the writing is mediocre at best and boring as hell at worst.
76561198146548579,Not Recommended,293680,31641000,Posted: 8 May,all,kikimariposa,"The art is gorgeous. The music is lovely. The rest, well...As a VN, this isn't as intensive a game play as anything with stats or more choices; it's basically a choose-your-own-adventure but instead of adventure, we have magic and personal relationships.The problem is that the personal relationships are uninspiring in the romance category, and just about impossible to navigate in the family category.  You can be the nicest or toughest you want, the novel railroads you to a conclusion with regard to your stepmom and stepsisters. Are they well-written, well-rounded, kind of interesting? Sure. They're also massively frustrating, and the option to just leave town and join the army is not available (sadly).  The possible romantic guy leads all have one fatal flaw that make them impossible to sympathize with (well, one of them is very nice. And boring).So, yes, if you just want to enjoy the visuals, get this on sale. It won't disappoint, although there's practically no movement-- it's a gorgeous fairy-tale picture book. But do not expect plot, dialogue, or character development to make any sense at all."
,Not Recommended,293680,20540560,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Futski,"First time ever: I expected so much more at that price.""Now that you've bought it, we can honestly say: Don't expect much. These are still-images that change every umpteenth line of fontsize 38 text. We show only 1 or 2 lines at a time, so get ready to speedclick through a tale that might appeal to you, if you're an adult lady whose life still teen-sucks. Wuhu, take that, Disnee!""It's not what the first message ingame said, but pretty close. I'm all up for ""visual novels"" and challenging the whole ""gaming""-koncept, expanding it with new and throughly enjoyable ideas like Dear Esther, Gone Home, that stuff ... but come on, these slideshows are what we call ""comics"", and books ultimately beat 'em hard in visuals when you're supposed to take in so much text anyway.Luckily Steam fully understood how many paperback classics the price of this game could have bought me, and refunded. Let me know when it's around €2 and I might enjoy clicking through a glacial-speed slideshow for more than 10 minutes. Sure, it may be your thing. Could be mine too, but not at this price or featuring current theme.This is not about what is affordable to me. This is about classification, and principle stops me from enjoying a €17 flipthrough-book. I write my few reviews with - tiny - friend list ind mind, and they shouldn't spend that kind of money on this either, so there we go."
,Recommended,293680,17262991,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,"dare,",I played this game to understand women more and it didn't help with that. INstead I Chose the story options to make cinders in to a hooker fairy and sacrified the children to the blood moon god during a blood lust. everyone is gay in this game and so am i. buy this game buy a gun america is #110/10 pretty qt game my gf plays these and some other ones and enjoys them for wat they are
,Recommended,293680,28631979,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,รักมิวสิคนะฮับบบบ,I just become ruthless queen. and become Captain of the guard's lover. yehhhhhi even have power more than idealistic husband. yeah i love this
76561198105593796,Recommended,293680,18913532,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Amo-te muito avó,"I have just reached the first outcome in the game. I liked it. I do intend to play it again. My wallet is not a land of abundance, so the price kept me away. Recently there was a promotion, however, so I bought Cinders and Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines for around 15 euros. I do not regret it.While playing Cinders, my view of the characters changed. This isn't easy to do while keeping a plot consistent, but the author did it. What I liked the most is how Cinders's personality was influenced by my choices. I cannot tell for certain, as I have only gone through 1 path as of now, but in restrospective, the outcome seems quite fitting for the choices I made.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As you can see, this review has been edited.As of now,I have played Cinders long enough to have seen most of the outcomes (and I have every achievment except for one), and my opinion of the game is still the same. It was worth every penny."
76561198017978539,Recommended,293680,27109486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luna605,"Amazing game, with an amazing and unique art style and with a great soundtrack.Everyone who is a sucker for fairytale shoud have played this game.You will never regret playing this take on cinderella"
,Recommended,293680,26435088,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,newblood40,It's so beautiful. I love all the choises and the fact you have to be carful when to save where you are in the game because you only have so many save slots.
,Recommended,293680,18452468,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kahvinporo,"Cinders is very interesting take on the classic story everyone knows, and so far it is absolutely my favourite adaptation of the story.Have you ever wondered why the stepsisters and -mother are so mean? Well this game answers to that question, when you play it you will find more about 'the antagonists'. You may even end up sympathizing them when you know what are the motivations behind their actions, which you don't actually see much in some other Cinderella stories - where the step family is just mean because potatoes.Also the art in this game is just amazing, backgrounds are like atmospheric paintings... character art is nice too but sometimes the anatomy is maybe a bit awkward. But that is just nitpicking.(Small spoiler warning)Another thing what I liked about in the game is that it has few different endings, and none of them are actually truly happy endings... well maybe one could be counted as almost perfectly happy ending. But others, well, they are not actually that good when you think about them.(Spoiler end)Overall, I do recommend you to play this game. It may not be very long, but at least to me it was nice experience. If you are fairytale lover like me, I am quite sure you will enjoy this game as well."
,Not Recommended,293680,25370064,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,queenmak,"Altogether this game was kind of a disappointment. I found it difficult to navigate the choices in order to get a happy ending that I was satisfied with. I was forced to go online and look for a guide, but even then it didn't really help.Spoiler(?):Also, if you wanted to go for the more traditional Cinderella ending, there is no interaction with the Prince until the finale of the game at the Ball which I found it highly disatisfying.The only point I can say in the game's favor is that the artwork is unique, but it doesn't offer much beyond that. Bottom line, I would not recommend spending mone on this game."
,Recommended,293680,26501799,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kanalevi,"The art style was breath taking, great dialogues, and I like the new takes of the sisters. Too bad it's pretty short for a visual novel."
,Recommended,293680,21927270,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Anna,The art style is absolutely beautiful. There is a lot of replay value as it's quite hard to get the (hidden) stats just right for each ending variant.
,Recommended,293680,19966665,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,iamapiano,"I loved the art and music in this visual novel. The family characterization makes subsequent play throughs interesting. I could not have cared less about the love interests in this game. However, better skipping between choices after replays would have kept the completionist in me happy. I couldn't bring myself to play through every ending. I also wish I wasn't forced to go through the ball every playthrough. As it is, I didn't finish all paths."
,Recommended,293680,22556536,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kydnav,"It is a very interesting story,my first playthrough I actually used my own opinion and funny enough I ended up the lonely traveler, like I would be. Because I was close to P but didn't dare to ask him.And after that I found it interesting to find all the other senario's becausse I could roleplay them."
76561198046877319,Recommended,293680,19841772,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Donovan,"brilliant writing, absolutely gorgeous artwork, and good replay value (4 major endings each with variations). YOU weave the cinderella story. a joy to read!"
76561198166861770,Recommended,293680,19775453,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,redsnowfalls,"Lovely artwork, great story, and dialogue."
,Recommended,293680,27376300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ember,Beautiful artwork and music.Many choices and decisions to take. Every scenes and characters are put together very well.
,Recommended,293680,28032066,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wolvenna,A really fun twist on the story of Cinderella. A little bit of magic and some interesting interpretations on various characters makes things both fun and engrossing. I thoroughly enjoyed immersing myself in this world and its story. I definitely think I'll be revisiting it many times in the future.
76561198272805126,Recommended,293680,22060253,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kylex Lumien,"TL;DR: Beautiful game with a lot of player agency but not labeled correctly by the devs and 'flat' romances.I really liked playing this game and I would warmly recommend it to any VN fans out there. That's not to say it's without faults but it's a very good take on the genre.Pros:- The artwork. It's gorgeous, it's original, it's great.- Player agency. You have choices and they matter (GASP!). You get to see the consequences of some choices soon after making them, other later on but it's so rewarding to have a story that can go in so many different directions.- Endings. No 'secret' or 'true' ending, your choices can lead to an ending that fully reflects the kind of character you wanted Cinder to be and that ending can be good or bad depending on your actions.- The NPCs. They are more than one-trick ponies whose one-sided personality is the end-all be-all of whom they are.- Info. The information you get from certain actions can be used later on, if you choose, leading to a lot of branching in how you play.Cons:- The labels. It's NOT an RPG. Labeling it as such is misleading to people who are looking for RPGs in the store. It's a visual novel, do not be fooled. (Yes, you take on the 'role' of Cinder but then EVERY game is an RPG and the label loses its meaning, not helping anyone anymore.)- The romance. If you're gonna add romance options, make them good. There could have been more depth to this aspect of the game as a lot of it was not as fleshed out as I could have wished.- The variation. With so much variations there's a lot of aspects of the story that are simply introduced and then not really explored, this is a real shame as some of them are really interesting.In conclusion: I don't have a lot of gripes with this game as I truly enjoyed it. There's a lot of consideration for player input and choices and if you enjoy visual novels, I definitely think you'll like this."
76561198171878618,Recommended,293680,28000717,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,puppyfurlove,"This is a very unique take to this fairy tale, if the story and character interactions weren't enough to make this one of my favorite visual novels to date then the artwork would certainly keep it up there, it's beautifully done characters and background are also some of my favorite that's why I'd give this a 10/10 if you like visual novels or different takes on classic fairy tales then give this a shot I doubt it'll disappoint you."
76561198039352337,Recommended,293680,19449224,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Galaxtea,"Friends of mine were showering this game with praise a couple of years back. I wasn't interested in visual novels, so I had passed on it at that time. I'm glad I picked it up now! Cinders is a very well written game with absolutley gourgeos character and background art. It really stands out from the herds of anime-esque visual novels out there. The story is a refreshing take on Cinderella with complex characters and situations that will have you questioning the choices you make. And with its many branching paths, there's a lot to discover by going back and choosing different options. Give this game a chance, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,293680,19485117,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,stereoparade,A fun retelling of Cinderella with branching storylines based on the character's choices. There is a replay value not usually found in visual novels.
,Recommended,293680,21955858,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SecretSarah,"Cinders was a neat take on the tried and true Cinderella story. The art was unique and good, with the exception of the male characters who were... unsettling. The game boasts a lot of endings but the story plays out so similarly for each one that I couldn't bring myself to get them all. Overall, solid VN."
76561198040488599,Recommended,293680,18598402,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,takezo689,"I was surprised with how good the story ended up, compared with how much I dislike the source material. It made the story of Cinderealla actually make sense. For the most part, it is well-written, and there are multiple endings. However, I think the full price (around $20) is a bit steep because there is limited replayability, and the overall story is fairly short. But considering the quality of the game and not the price, I would say the game is a solid 8/10.Pros:+ Great story, and above average writing.+ Memorable characters, each with their own agendas, problems, and personalities.+ Good graphics.+ Plenty of choices to make the game feel interesting, and enough endings to reward your choices.Cons:- The price. I'd encourage waiting for a sale.- It's a Visual Novel. I happen to like VNs, but if you are looking for a 'game' as opposed to a story, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,293680,14196030,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kelocena,"Overall rating: 9.5/10To anyone who enjoys visual novels/choose your own adventure stories, I cannot recommend this game highly enough.Story:In terms of story, they did an excellent job weaving a narrative that places the story of Cinderella in a context that makes sense. Your stepmother and stepsisters are more than just villians, they are characters/people with lives and motivations that you can choose to understand/learn about or not. The other characters you meet in the story also have histories and distinct personalites. Cinders' relationships with other characters are also affected by choices you make. References to the past/history are very fluidly revealed in conversations with people. The game does not just dump a bunch of backstory on you for seemingly no reason. The game is also filled with some excellent dry humor, and amusing banter.Gameplay:If there is a game where literally every choice has an impact, big or small, this is it. There are multiple personality types for Cinders (I've discovered three) that are shaped by the choices you make. Cinders' personality type will affect certain dialogues, the availability of certain choices, and the consequences of certain choices. Certain scenes or dialogues with other characters will also change depending on previous choices you have made. There are multiple endings with several variants of each, and it does not come down to one or two ""big choices"" at the end or anything simple like that. Whether or not you succeed in achieving your desired specific ending is dependent upon the cumulative effects of choices you have made throughout the game. That being said, the replay value is very high, in my opinion. I have enjoyed replaying it to find the different endings/variants and get the achievements.The only downsides in terms of gameplay are minor, but still exist. There is no good ""rewind"" function. If you missed a line, or want to return to read an earlier part of the conversation, you are limited. The game is divided into ""scenes"" probably for program/design sake. However, you cannot scroll further back than the first line of your current ""scene."" This could be several lines back, or just one. Fast-forward is sub-optimal. It just cycles through dialogue at rapid speed until you come to a scene/line you haven't viewed or a choice. You can't ""skip to next scene"" or ""skip to next choice"" which is disappointing on replays.Presentation:The artwork is pretty, from the character portraits to the backgrounds and facial expressions change over the course of conversations. The music is good, and fits the scenes quite well. My only gripe was that introducing a character meant briefly interrupting a scene to focus on the character on a leafy-flower design background and a change in music that felt a little out of place.Pros:+ Story+ Characters+ Artwork+ Choices & Consequences+ Replay ValueCons:- Limited/sub-optimal fast-forward and rewind functions- Awkward character ""introductions"""
,Not Recommended,293680,35115441,Posted: 21 September,all,Ravenize > *,"Based on the recommendations I was expecting something more like Long Live the Queen - a visual novel, but with RPG aspects and way more depth.Nope, Cinders is just a visual novel, plain and simple.It's a genre I'm not terribly interested in. But as far as it goes Cinders does have a fairly high production value: the music is good, the visuals are nice.The core problem with it is that it's mostly a retelling of Cinderella. What little embelishments there are don't make up for that lack of originality. You already know the overall plot before it begins. And already knowing most of the story makes it very hard to care about anything that happens along the way.I'd say Cinders is worth the time if you're super into visual novels, but everyone else can move along."
76561198077808520,Recommended,293680,9993353,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,LMG,The artwork on this game is very well done. Very new take on the Cinderella story.A little pricey for a visual novel but in the end worth it.If you want to give it a quick look I'm doing a full playthrough on my youtube channel.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aWjkFFyWtg
76561198272609463,Not Recommended,293680,20183645,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kurpias.k,"Unfortunately, besides the nice graphics and surprising ending, the game has little to offer. Lack of action, long, boring dialogues which do not add much to the story. There are few opportunities to shape the story by influencing Cinder's decisions. Mostly you just read the dialogues."
76561198094695169,Recommended,293680,25141903,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,KhajiitWerewolf,"I wouldn't say this game is incredibly deep, but the artwork is beautiful and the sheer amount of ending combinations, and the ability to reread the brief conclusion, is incredibly satisfying. A very decent visual novel with replay value. I'm still trying to get all the various endings."
,Recommended,293680,31163055,Posted: 15 April,all,Neo Tokyo Drift,Haiku Review:A Beautiful TaleA Fairytale With HumansSpiteful and Caring
,Recommended,293680,19684943,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vidservent,A western visual novel with a retelling of Cinderella through a different angel.
76561198090587245,Not Recommended,293680,16820463,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PromptosWaifuforLaifu,"The Quick:Became Clicker Heroes for me fast. Click, click, click.Where's the perspective????Overall Ranking: 6/10DETAILEDPros:+Visually looks appealing.+A good amount of characters.+4 different themed endings.+ Nice color palettes.+Characters fit in their environment stylistically.+Appealing music.+Sometimes more than two choices to go through.+Some choices impact story well.+Achievements easy to get.+ Don't have to end up with the prince, can be with two other male characters.+Have Cinder being  independent, endings.+During Steam Sale, game was cheap.+UI Design was nice.+Liked the trophies that would appear in main screen.+Can choose between the Fairy or Madam Ghede path.+Like that Stepmom and sisters aren't always seen as bad, depending on path taken.+Movement outside windows to give some life to setting.+Nice textureCons:-38 Variations of the 4 styled endings, which end up seeming repetitive except for the last few parts of that version of the story.-Some character'sbody proportions seemed fairly off or disturbing. (Prince's head to body ratio, ""Shady Man's"" thumbs are tremendously long.-Clothing is weird on ""Shady Man"". Looks like it is really tight by his parts.- Some character'sbody alignment is off. Cinder's neck and some of chest is facing right, but then her lower torso is facing leftwards and then her lower clothing suggests she is to the right which makes for awkward twisting in the body. Many other characters have that issue.- Background hasno atmospheric perspective. Everything looks sharp when farther away it shouldn't.-Perspective is off. Things would be way too big if moved to where character is standing.-Not enough savesfor being a game with more then one styled ending. Usually with visual novels they have more saves then necessary but this one lacked!- Cannot name saves to keep better track of what is what.-Always have to go to the dang ball. I'm running away who cares!!- After two playthroughs, story becomes bleh and nothing new or interesting to the plate. All stories still have same structure and path to go on regardless of ending you are choosing to go towards.- Creepy eye movement from the Prince.-Carmosa's folding her arms looks very off in perspective, her left arm is not done right.- Needed more variation in poses. Only arm position or facial expression changed. Body stayed the same.-NO SKIP BUTTON. This was so annoying when trying to go back to get other endings.-Regular price is so not worth it. Payed $9.99 during Steam Sale and that was more decent based off the issues this game has.- Seems to drag in conversations where you don't get much say in.Based off of more cons thans pros would not recommend. The art may seem pretty at first but after playing it for awhile you start  to see all the mishaps making it less appealing. Story became bland after a couple playthroughs and dialogue rarely changed. If you want to experience this yourself go ahead but it is not as enticing as it looked."
,Not Recommended,293680,16254538,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,wardenswatch,While there is an interesting story and beautiful art there aren't very many choices for the player to make. It feels like 75-85% of the time you are just clicking through dialogue that you have no control over and then suddenly the game is over. The game was alright and I'm sure the different endings will be interesting but considering how much the game costs and the lack of control you have over the story I wouldn't reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,293680,11751018,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,fishsticks,"This is a tricky game to write a review for. I'm not giving a thumbs down because I believe this is a terrible game. I give it a thumbs down because I don't feel a lot of people would enjoy it and as such, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Personally, I had quite a bit of fun playing this.As a kid, I got the least-involved RPGs called Choose Your Own Adventure. You basically read a book and at the end of a page there will be a decision and another and so on and so forth until you have 20+ different endings. This game is basically that with some very pretty drawings to boot."
76561198090494533,Recommended,293680,33100029,Posted: 1 July,all,saw33,Not bad
,Recommended,293680,30724952,Posted: 25 March,all,Finrielle,"Lovely art, nice music and decent storyline though it's not a game I'll still remember in a few years : Cinders is worth a try, but don't expect too much from it."
76561198086284256,Recommended,293680,20552239,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ультра Кацап,"Good game, its deeper than i thought.8/10"
76561198314909236,Recommended,293680,24829467,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cheeseshover,"I was really looking forward to playing this game because I've been waiting since it came out to get it. I downloaded the demo and I was ecstatic today when I finally bought it, but when I was downloading it my laptop died, and when it finished the game works(ish) but it doesn't fit everything onto the screen, I can't change the screen orientation, and when I click new game it doesn't even load the first set of choices after the dialogue. There is also no music and the tips at the beginning are cut off. I deleted local files and reinstalled it but the problems haven't been resolved. Help!"
,Recommended,293680,26370091,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lex Hokata,THis was a near little game and i kinda liked it.  I got the Step-Mother eneding and boy did i make CInder evil.  This was a cute litlle story and i recomend it if you like Visual novels of any kind.
,Recommended,293680,26286182,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Azura Squifflepants,"An enjoyable, if brief, visual novel. There are multiple endings to choose from but... while I had fun, I've no major desire to play this again either. Not bad for a couple of hours' entertainment though.Some of the dialogue is pretty clunky but the pacing is excellent. Really liked the artwork too."
,Recommended,293680,23895993,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hexx Mondette,"It's not bad. Sort of like a text based adventure game. I didn't mind the changes to the original story, and I love the fact that you can make Cinders into a complete b*tch. Fun times. The art is fairly nice also, especially that of the backgrounds, sisters, fairy, and Ghede.Not sure if it would appeal to many people, but I'm one of those that must try to get all endings.3.5-4/5 maybe. Depending what you're into. I recommend to play this game at least once, assuming the fondness for these sorts of games."
76561198237023188,Recommended,293680,22363461,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,paulbradshaw9,It's a cool twist in Cinderella.  I liked it
76561198000958288,Recommended,293680,31188243,Posted: 16 April,all,auryx,"This is a lovely little game. Well, it's not really a game - more an interactive story. You click through listening to dialogue between the main characters and Cinders' thoughts, and, like a ""Choose your own Adventure"" novel, make choices at key points. That's pretty much it, as far as action is concerned.But it's such a nice experience that it doesn't matter. The dialogue seems a bit trite to begin with (and to be fair, is a bit stilted at times, with the odd sentence that sounds like it's been badly translated) but you soon grow to like it, and the story can go in one of several directions based on your choices. There aren't that many backdrops or characters altogether, but the art and music are so wonderful that it's really a pleasure to play through.Overall, I'd highly recommend this; it's just such a nice experience. Don't buy it, though, if you're expecting action, or puzzles, or a game - it isn't really any of those things. It's more like you're in the audience for a mysterious and beautiful piece of theatre that makes you feel like a little child listening to a storyteller."
76561198074350885,Recommended,293680,31122374,Posted: 13 April,all,Michelle,"Cinders quenched my thirst for a fairytale story with characters who have depth and for the option to change how a classic story ends. Would you prefer to end up with this person, with that person, or on your own? Would you rather take charge of the kingdom, take back your home, or run away? You get to choose how this well written and beautifully brought to life story unfolds. During my first run, I chose to go with my first instincts on how to go through the game. It's fun to see how others go through the game as well. The friends I've sat in front of this game have all chosen very different paths for the sassy, independent main character in this Cinderella story.Overall, if you enjoy fairytales with a twist, try Cinders.P.S.By looking at the achievements I haven't yet gotten, it looks like you can choose a dark path. So, if you're not into the usual, happy trajectory of fairytales nowadays, there could still be something here for you."
76561198142442939,Recommended,293680,31347767,Posted: 24 April,all,radamczy,"I love this game!  It's a lot of fun, and you can play through it multiple times and still have just as much fun each time."
,Recommended,293680,31273108,Posted: 21 April,all,brevlåda,"I love everything about this game, from the art style, to the storyline, to the amazing characters! I love how this game brings a new life to the story of Cinderella in a more mature way. I really liked the story progression and how you got to make a lot of decisions to help move the story along.And the art style, omg, the art style is beautiful! It's like nothing I've ever seen before!My only complaint would be, playing the game back to try get the different endings is very time consuming and a bit unncessary.To conclude, if you like reading, good story telling, a twist on a classic fairytale, and amazing art then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,293680,31591196,Posted: 6 May,all,Sarahboev,"Pros:-Really lovely art, very painter-ly environments.-Certain characters were just absolutely gorgeous (i.e. ""mystical characters"")-The music is really nice, fits the theme well.-Bit of a different take on Cinderella.Cons:-Some characters felt stiff to me? Mainly the Prince and Tobias. Couldn't really relate or take interest in either of them.-While the music is nice it gets real repetitive fast, would have been nice for some variety.-The storyline was kinda ""eh"" to me. Some character dialogues just got real repetitive and preachy. (I.E. the sorceress/witch)-I feel like the biggest drawback for me is the simplicity? I wish there were more solid routes for you to take story-wise. It felt like you were stuck to 4 endings with only a couple differences. Certainly wasn't fun to replay to get several different endings. I had first ended with Resault (I believe is his name?) as a friend and leaving town which was nice. But my second playthrough I tried playing with an interest in Tobias and got bored REAL quick. Alot of the characters you interact with can get old pretty quick.I would recommend this but compared to other visual novels this didn't stick out to me as much besides the cool art. Just felt like a fairly empty game."
76561198056479963,Recommended,293680,34865216,Posted: 10 September,all,Diaphanous,"A really beaufiful game. It's well-written, the art is beautiful and so are the characters and their minds.I haven't played the whole game yet, but so far, so good."
76561198249853896,Recommended,293680,31224294,Posted: 18 April,all,inner caster,"Well constructed dialogue. It shows character’s relationships, Cinder’s analysis of Sophia’s bitterness, Madame Ghede’s defense for Lady Carmosa.Perrault and Cinders on life conditions, his sens of duty. We learn to not judge at first sight.I loved Tobias’ romance for his simple goal, Cinders being so direct with the sexual sentences.It’s not so easy to me to know how to make Cinders smart, to be able to poison Lady Carmosa, to keep sisterly love.It’s interesting to see the consequence on each sister’s speech to the Prince in link with their love or hate relationship with Cinders! Here’s to say if I befriend Sophia she’ll tell him she was obliged to come, she doesn’t care to get a high position.After some endings I watched at wiki guide to get a few others.Overall I was glad to find a mature remake of Cinders with artworks looking like paintings, an eerie soundtrack and animated stuff like the knocked door, windows moving with the wind."
76561198369548636,Recommended,293680,34714230,Posted: 3 September,all,decasatyro,"Really worth your money!I was in serach for an Otome that gave me an interesting (not too short) story, various options and for a decent price and this is exactly what I got from Cinders!I've never played an Otome that gave me so many options and each of them lead you to a completely different path. Don't worry about the game being too short, if you want to play all the possible options it is going to take some time, I see this as a good thing because it means you won't get bored of this game so soon for there are so many things to discover and so many tangibles!The artwork of this game is completely beautiful! the characters, the backgrounds, even the dialogue box, you can see the artists put so much effort in this.Soundtrack is also really good and really knows how to set the player in the mood.The story itself is really good and besides choosing a partner you can also choose your main goal in the story! There are 4 different endings and each has it's own variables. I love how you can change your relationship with everyone of the charcaters beside the possible suitors! (Btw Tobias is my favorite one, he's a cutie)Cinders is a really enjoyable and exciting visual novel and I reccomend it for all types of Otome fans!"
76561198234516860,Recommended,293680,35375645,Posted: 1 October,all,CountBubbleRat,"If you're a completionist looking for a light game with some quite beautiful art, this game is for you.Some of the dialogue ignores your choices, specifically putting in negative responses or accusations, even if they make no sense given your choices and actions.But other than that, and the occasional misplaced word, there weren't many downsides to this game.It was fun, interesting, and definitely made me want to play it over and over again to get every little nuance right for each of the possible endings. I just played it for about 12 hours straight, and I'm only stopping because I'm too tired to stay up longer.I've gotten all the achievements, and unlocked a lot of endings (but haven't gotten all 4 ending types to 100% discovered), and can't wait to get back into it when I get another chance for a long gaming session.Not too predictable until your 5th play through or so, depending on what choices you make.Very highly recommend."
