user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198060696141,Not Recommended,293660,14943893,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Alex Reynard,"I was lured in by all the positive reviews and the beautiful art style. Once I started playing, I really tried to love this game. I really tried. I got thirteen levels in before I couldn't escape that I hate this game more than any game I can ever remember hating.There are a lot of reasons why. Many are nitpicks, but there is one overwhelming one: This Game Is Almost Never Fun. I started out enthusiastic, but it wasn't long before all the enjoyment drained out. I went from looking forward to the next level, to only wanting to complete the current one just so it would be over and done with. I could not help contrast Tri with games like Portal or QUBE where, most of the time, the challenge is in figuring out the puzzle. Once you know how it's done, you can do it. In Tri, this is not the case. Realizing the solution just means understanding how much tiring, precarious, exacting, chore-like work you have to do before you can DO the thing you figured out how to do. This is a game where there is no such thing as a simple solution. If solving a puzzle can be made more difficult, it has been. Not in a mentally challenging way, but in a way that feels like having to walk for miles over uneven rocks. (Especially once they introduced having to direct light beams by reflecting them off triangles. This requires innumerable microscopic adjustments each time.)And even that would be fully forgiveable, if the game's difficulty was FAIR. For me, half my frustration came from the increasingly difficult puzzles, the other half came from inconsistent mechanics. Sometimes when I had to run up walls, a triangle that showed I could walk on it would suddenly let go of me and I'd plummet. Sometimes I got trapped in places I should have been able to jump out of. Sometimes lasers would bleed right through triangles I put up to block them (In one case, I had to layer down twenty-four of them). But the worst was the jump. At first I thought it was a nifty idea that if you were jumping towards a high ledge, you could keep pressing space to haul yourself up and over. I grew to hate this mechanic because of how often it failed. Jumping up a simple step could take five or six tries; impotently bobbing up and down going ""HUHHP! HUHHP! HUHHP!"" each time. There were also plenty of times when it seemed like random chance whether a given platform could be jumped to or not. Plus there was the tendency of jumps to send you up and over a thin ledge you were trying to reach, instead of onto. I quicksaved OFTEN.Tri feels like it lives up to its name: they tried. They really did. They had ideas with a lot of potential and the level design is frequently gorgeous. But too often these ideas were implemented poorly, or were not conveyed at a reasonable difficulty level. I quit. I don't want to, and I am massively disappointed to, but I'm giving up and uninstalling this game. I know I'll never see the end cutscene, but honestly, not playing anymore feels like more of a reward to me."
,Recommended,293660,20399034,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Serotoninphobe (Farewell ¥15),"This, is what I define as a ""Hidden Gem"". By 8th Jan 2016, the game only received 150+ reviews on the store page, which is far from a satisfactory number compared to its excellence. What a Pity.The game, TRI: Of Friendship and Madness, is possibly the best First Person Puzzler I have played in 5 years (since Portal 2). Of course, as to artistic merit (which is clearly not the main focus of this game anyway), this game falls far behind titles like Talos Principle or Antichamber. However, when it comes to gameplay, especially level design, this game is definitely among the best ones in the category.Like every other hidden gems, this game is flawed, every outstanding aspect of the game, is accompanied by something not properly done which I'll break into details in the following paragraphs. Nonetheless, as I always believe, with flaws come the personality and sincerity, which are the criterions I used to define good works.【Mechanism】Goods:The core mechanism and most puzzles are cleverly designed, both logically and aesthetically. It's a rare one in the First Person Puzzler category that really nailed the 3D thinking, I mean, seriously into a 6DOF level. Let's take a look back, a sad fact is that a large portion of puzzles in other First Person Puzzlers can be easily recreated in a 2D format. (Yes, I'm specifically referring to the base game of Talos Principle here) But not in this game, the refreshing experience you would have when walking upside-down on the ceiling, is as inspiring as Portal provided years ago.Bads:While the core mechanism gives you a large degree of freedom, it can also be easily exploited and overused. In more than one circumstance，I accidentally broke the puzzle with some tricky/cheaty methods, which I'm pretty sure is not the intended way. It might be welcomed by some players, but I personally do not like it. It's as if I broke the game along with its immersion and gaming context, which makes me feel retar*ed,  especially after I discovered the legit way to solve it later on.【Level Design】Goods:Levels (after the first few ones) are huge and imaginative, full of secrets and alternative paths, the most important of all: WITHOUT ANY NAVIGATION ( or maybe a minimum amount of). This might sounds like a downside for modern gamers, but undoubtedly a diamond for nostalgic gamers like me. The game has all kinds of surprise in full stock waiting for you here and there , which simply gives you a sense of adventure and exploration, in your full control, unlike any other roller coaster experiences modern games would provide. It's hard not to relate this game to those old school classic FPS of the 90s with identical elements, such a sweet déjà vu.Bads:Although I speak highly of its overall level design, the first few levels of the game are rather tedious and uninspiring, which I'm afraid is the major reason that prevented more people from knowing the game. But trust me, if you are patient enough to make it through the first quarter of the game, you will be amazed by how ambitious and imaginative the latter levels are.【Sound Design】Goods:Another thing worth mentioning is the soundtracks, which is definitely not the best but certainly among the most special tracks I have heard in video games. They are not those generic ambient/drone tracks you would normally expect in the puzzle game genre, but some world/tribal music instead. Some of them do also have an alienated context within that contributed greatly to the theme of the game.Bads:But strangely, half the tracks end so suddenly with a harsh fadeout, almost feel like unfinished. And what's worse, is the vocal sound effects of the player controlled character, which is laughably bad. If by any luck the developers can read this, I seriously suggest you guys to take a second look on that. For it is, by far, the shortest plank of the game I can come up with.So conclusively, if you're looking for an awe-inspiring experience and have enough patience and tolerance for those aformentioned flaws in the game, you would not regret to give it a try. Additionally, for achievement hunters out there like me, this is also a must-buy, for there is no grinding achievement at all but all gameplay boosters.[All Achievements Acquired on 1 Jan, 2016][Final Verdict: 86/100]"
76561198112866114,Recommended,293660,18153638,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kyzka,"LEVEL 1"" Oh look I have the tri. I can make triangles."""" I can walk on the triangles.""""Ok need three fox statues to make it to next stage""LEVEL 2"" Oh goodie I can fall to my death if I don't place triangles at the right angle. Mental note to self red triangles bad. Yellow good. """" Need three more fox statues. ""LEVEL 3"" Look at me i'm dancing on the ceiling.""LEVEL 4"" I'm pro at this. Maybe I should start recording since I'm so damn good at this.""LEVEL 5"" Don't care much for those tri proof surfaces. What do you mean my triangles have a stretch limit?""LEVEL 6(Starts sweating profusely, migrane starting to develop)LEVEL 7"" Ok I evidently need to get over there, but how do i get over there.""( One hour later )"" I need to get there, I can see where I need to go, but how for the love of all that is holy, how do I get over there?""(One hour later)"" Ok evidently standing here scratching every shred of hair off my head, mumbling incessantly i need to get over there isn't working. I know let's look around...""(Four hours later)"" I have covered every square inch of this fruiting map and still can't find a way over there. This stupid temple is littered with 4,000 of my triangles. The whole temple is now cursing yellow. Why can i not get over there? How on Earth can one get over there? Must not cheat, need to calm down, I need to go to my mind palace. ""(10 hrs later)"" My mind palace is ransacked, shut the hell up about foxes you old man just tell me how to get over there or I will stab you with my pointy triangle. Ok that's it I'm cheating. A man can only bare so much. I'm not a cursing NASA super computer you know.""(watches you tube video)""Your kidding. Is that it? That's all i needed to do? Ok brain you have evidently failed me. You hate me and I hate you. After I have finished this level i'm killing you with beer.""(1 hr later adding another 100 triangles to my now yellow temple I get over)LEVEL 8( Passes out at the sheer exhaustion of the momentous task that lays before him )"
,Recommended,293660,12428033,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Xaos Wolf,"I'm gonna keep this simple as I'm itching to get back to it, but bottom-line: Incredible. Absolutely phenomenal.On my Day One list as I bumped into it at EGX, and after several times of trying to stop, I just could not put it down.It starts of simple. Create triangular platforms.But if simply creating your own platforms to get where you want isn't that interesting to you, then Chapter 5 onwards gives plenty more to play around with. Mind-bending stuff from then onwards.I also urge you to hunt down every single golden Idol. Most are hidden or out of reach, but a few per level are incredibly deviously placed, and reward your curiosity.Please bear in mind that if you had trouble with Portal and its screen twisting during portaling, this will cause the same thing.However if you had no issues with that, then BUY this immediately.And imagine if Rat King can get out some level packs, or even a Level Editor/Workshop support..."
,Recommended,293660,17492042,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,100% Hippo,"TRI is a beautiful game, both in visuals and in mechanics. You place triangles that allow you to climb, walk on walls, and reflect light beams. There are many challenging puzzles, and many cool puzzle mechanics, especially if you are interested in finding all of the hidden statues. The art is very pretty, and sometimes very abstract, which fits the game perfectly. The music plays in segments with silence in between, and while it fits the game, it can get a bit repetative if you are stuck on a level for a long time.However, dispite all the wonderful things about the game, there are times when I hate it. The puzzles can be VERY hard, especially in the later levels, and I had to look up videos or search the forums in order to progress. When bending light, minute changes in a triangle can greatly affect where the beam lands, and I often placed as many as 30-50 triangles to get the light to land in the goal. (Note: if you use the tab button to fix your head and make your triangles exactly the way you want, you end up with much fewer triangles, but you still often spend a great deal of time making tiny changes) I did not discover the quick save (F5) button until very near the end, and there were times where I would die and get greatly set back, especially when I collected statues since the save. It was not uncommon in the later levels for me to wander around aimlessly for as much as 20 minutes trying to figure out how to progress. Some times I wouldn't pick up on a new mechanic being introduced and end up placing dozens of triangles to brute force my way through the puzzle. Triangles would also place oddly, either refusing to create for no apparent reason, or placing prematurely, requiring more work to get the exact triangle you needed.And then comes the idol statues. In each level there are around a dozen little statues hidden in tiny nooks and cranies. As an achievement enthusiast, I had to get every one in order to 100% the game. This process would have been excruciatingly painful had I not used the guide (which is awesome). I would have wandered around, spending insane amounts of time backtracking and searching every square inch for fake walls or hidden coridors, constantly worrying about missing something. The time I spent in the game would likely be three times what it is, and it wouldn't have been fun. It was this feeling of banging my head against the wall to find the last idol (sometimes difficult even with the guide) or trying to cross an acid pit that took the fun away from the game and make the last few levels feel like a chore.I spent a lot of time deciding whether or not to recommend the game, and I finally decided on recommending it, but with this warning: play casually. Don't sit down and think ""I'm going to get all the statues in the last two chapter"", because you won't enjoy it, it will be hard, painful work. Think instead, ""I'm going to enjoy this game"" and play through what you get through, and do it calmly. Try not to get overly frustrated at a problem, and if that does happen, take a break! If I had done that, my experience with the game would have been SO MUCH more enjoyable."
,Recommended,293660,21348968,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Foxfire,"TRI was fantastic! You can tell how much I liked it from my playing hours. I already suggested to it to anyone I know here, out there, anywhere! It has great puzzles, beautiful art, addicting music, good mechanics, it is awesome as a whole and I can't stress that enough.Another great plus for me was that it worked great with my linux.Just buy and play this game!PLAY IT!PLAY IT NOW!JUST PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,293660,13288844,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Typo Hui,"Brief overview of the positives and negatives of the gamePro:+ A unique and new mechanic to immerse yourself into solving puzzles. Dare I say even on par with portal if not more.+ Further adding onto the mechanic (walking on walls and reflecting laser/light beams) as you progress in the game.+ A good range of difficulties to keep you thinking throughout the game.+ Really nice soundtrack+ Unique cartoon/abstract/colorful environment+ Some platforming in the later levels+ A decent length to finish the game 5-7 hours (15+ if you try to find all idols)+ Interesting traditional asian-like storyCon:- The last few levels ramp up quite a bit in difficulty (especially if you're trying to find all the idols)- A few of the idols, at least in my opinion, seemed a bit 'mean' (unfair) so-to-speak in trying to find them.Overall I really did enjoy this game. I played through the whole game 'and' found all idols without any walkthroughs or guides. There were a few stuck moments but I have to admit this game did a phenomenal job in the overall difficulty. Personally, I have seen most puzzle games either be too easy or too hard (to the point I have to get help with figuring it out or give up). This game, in my opinion, has the difficulty just right so you don't blow through the puzzles but also don't sit 30+ minutes not knowing what to do (I only had a few moments like that and it was usually from trying to find an idol).This game really does bring a whole new (3d) solving element in trying to figure out puzzles. I can't really put a term to what it's like but once you get to the point you're walking on walls/ceilings, you will have moments where you forget which way is up or down; I just found it neat sometimes realizing I was upside down for 5-10 minutes trying to do a puzzle. Not sure if it will happen to you but I definitely had ""mind = blown"" moments with some of the puzzles!Some people might find the overall story not to be interesting, but even if you are one of those people I heavily recommend to look past that and play the game for what it fundamentally is: a unique FPS Puzzle. Personally I liked the story (it has an traditional asian story-telling feel to it), but I have seen a few say otherwise so here is hope they will look past that!9.5/10"
,Recommended,293660,15920051,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Cyril,"Whoa. Wow. I was really impressed with this game. And really immersed too, where did those 20 hours even go...At its core, TRI is a first-person puzzle platformer with relatively small levels jam-packed with secrets to find, on top of the main collectibles. The difficulty curve is pretty smooth, but steep; the game expects you to think outside of the box and be very aware of what you can and can't do. There's a ton of clever level design and puzzle design, and a lot of variety too.There are a few minor flaws; chapter 13 is kind of ehh bad. Dying to acid or lasers makes you reload a save, which seems a bit much. Granted you'll end up saving a ton once you get to levels where you can die just so that doesn't happen, and usually it's only a minor inconvenience, but I don't see why it had to be that way. Oh well. There's also a few too many ""hidden behind fake tile"" secrets, but they still aren't that prevalent and most of them have some indication.Other than that? A lot to love. I really can't explain why it's great without spoiling puzzle solutions or the quirks of the mechanics, but it's well worth your time to play. Definitely would recommend, but it's not for everyone, that's for sure."
,Recommended,293660,16478399,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kraxie,"It's kinda like Portal, but instead of having a portal gun, you draw triangles everywhere.And oh yea, foxes everywhere."
,Recommended,293660,32547882,Posted: 18 June,all,Froody,"There's something about this quirky, whimsical game that gives it so much character. I just love that a team of only three is behind such a unique little gem."
76561198119598306,Recommended,293660,31483279,Posted: 1 May,all,dripkidd,"Brilliant fps puzzle game.- Unique mechanic. Tasteful design. Tranquil music. Solid lore and backstory.- Straightforward main puzzles with rising difficulty.- The collectibles are practically the hard mode, finding them takes patience and getting them all can be really challenging. (Most of them are tied to hidden achievements as well). So the player is free to choose how deeply to explore a level.- Levels vary in their concept but all of them revolve around navigating spatial objects. Towers, pits, stairs, bridges, labirinths. It is great how all of them make use of the base mechanic of the game.Which is by the way so sell designed. Limited but instinctive, pohished but with a little space left for cheesing some situations. And the puzzles themselves stumped me just the right amount before I realized a solution. Only a few  game can do this right. They usually put too much obstacle b/w finding the way and actually letting you get to it. Here the two comes hand in hand. This game never left me feel cheated or stupid. Finishing a chapter felt really satisfying. Grat for the devs for a great game."
76561198056021007,Recommended,293660,14922634,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Alfirin,"I think I found my new favourite game.If you're the kind of player who wants to explore every nook and cranny, this game is for you. The more insanely complicated path you can build, the better. The game always comes up with new rules and tricks to keep  the player interested, but it never feels like it's messing around with you. Overall it's a very fascinating and rewarding experience.P.S. The soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥WARNING: If you tend to get motion sickness (like me), appriach this game with caution."
76561198006027481,Recommended,293660,31536371,Posted: 3 May,all,arrowsforu,"First off, TRI isn't for everyone, It's a puzzle platformer withvery complexmechanics when compared to games like Portal.Although it has nothing to do with programming, It is similar to Zacktronics puzzle games in terms of having high complexity, masochistically hard end-game difficulty, and multiple answers for the same puzzle/problem.  Some of you may not like that, but others will certainly love it! As do I!Many of the puzzles consist of learning the uses and limitations of the game's central tool: The TRI.The TRI lets you place the vertices of magical triangle platforms onto the environment, If you have ever messed around in Blender or 3Ds-Max, you may have in idea how that works, (and what it can do.) Once 3 points are placed, a triangle materializes. Yellow can be walked on, Red is too steep, and platform vertices can be placed on other platforms- these are just some of the things you will have to learn to progress in TRI.After reading other reviews I should note that placing TRI platforms can be tedious for some players, but this seems to be mostly subjective, as I said- not for everyone.The game only has 15 levels (minus the tutorial)One minor gripe I have is there are not enough early-mid game levels for the player to get used to the TRI, after reading the developer commentary, it seems that there was not enough time to make more levels, so I guess it couldn't be helped, but it would have been nice.The Idols areproof that Rat King is run by evil geniusesan added challenge to find, and in  challenge mode you have the option to either speedrun, (shortest time) 100% (all idols), or optimize (minimum TRI platforms) the level with quicksaving disabled.Ok, so that's the gameplay, but how does it look?TRI is one of the mostatmosphericand beautiful games I have ever played. Each level set has a piece of music and appearance that conveys an emotion. I just love it.The story is minimal, cute, and perfect for this setting. And I totally-did-not get all sentimental and teary eyed at the end.And the monk has just the kind of British voice you would take a road trip to kerbin's north pole with, and that's always good to have.To sum up, the game has it's flaws, and it's not very intuitive at first, but it's still massively underrated and I love it. If you want a puzzle platformer that is slow paced, hard to master, and rewarding; Then TRI might be for you, but that's just my opinion, and you have the right to disagree with me if you want to. and, you should read other peoples reviews too!EDIT: also the game has foxes, so if you like foxes, you're covered."
76561198052536763,Recommended,293660,28542825,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Laetificat,"A friend drew my attention to this game. At first I was a bit sceptical because of the art style but in the end I decided to give it a try since I love puzzle games.And wow, it was definitely worth it!The game just feels like a little piece of art. The music and style of art fit well together, the game has a smooth learning curve, easy enough at the beginning so that you won't become frustrated while learning the basic mechanics with increasing difficulty the farther you get. In the last levels the difficulty increases even more, I had some problems there but I wouldn't say it's undoable - you just need to take your time.It's really a shame that this game didn't get the attention it deserves.This also brought me here to write that review, so maybe some people who think about buying this can be convinced.The game is definitely worth it and I want to thank all the people who worked on it (the two people behind RatKing, the composer and all others that contributed).I read that you are working on another steam game and I wish you all the best for it, you definitely deserve it!I will keep my eyes open and look forward to see more from you :)!"
,Recommended,293660,18375180,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SeppukuSisters,"Beautiful game with a fun concept. Everything runs really smooth, and the puzzles are pleasantly complex. I've spent lots of time just wandering through looking for idols and other secrets. It's definitely a game that's easy to lose time in. I think I spent $15 on it, would spend $15 again. I'm excited to see what the developers are coming out with next."
,Recommended,293660,25891504,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RonaldASL,"Tri is a game about triangles, and using them to manipulate the world around you with a japanese theme.Each level has three keys you need to find to finish the level. There are 16 levels.Pros:Fantastic musicQuite relaxed and casualPropper optionsNice controlls and feelBeautiful graphics and coloursCons:Some puzzles are unfair.Some solutions are unfair.Several ways to instantly die, which seems out of place.Infrequent autosaving.If you die, you must load a save. (This is only a con if you're bad at manually saving constantly)I finished it, and all in all it was fun, I did however experience many difficult puzzles with very unobvious awnsers to me. I had to stop midgame many times to look up a walkthrough just to progress.-Basically, this game's solutions are a bit more cryptic than usual and take a lot of tinkering to understand, but if you're willing to spend hours searching in huge worlds (That are stunningly beautiful btw) for secrets and keys, I'd say go for it!The first levels went smoothly, but after that, levels took 1 hour or more to complete.-Note: Each level took a long time to complete because there are many puzzles pr. level, and the levels have their own world to explore pretty much.I feel that I definitively got my money's worth from this game, and if Japanese culture is interesting to you, this is actually really cool. このゲームがとても楽しいと美しいです。"
,Recommended,293660,30132988,Posted: 23 February,all,jameslucas,"Triis a joy to play despite a wide array of rough spots and missteps.Prosgameplay− The gleeful embrace of architecture and gravity as the two primary mechanisms is wildly successful. Approaching the same rooms from different orientations is fun and exciting every time, and statue-collecting is consistently satisfying.art direction− The geometry, the material palette, and the liberal use of fog-effects all evoke Japanese watercolors without resorting to texture mapping. Nailed it.soundtrack− The music is fitting and addictive. It's hard not to wish that the score included a few more tracks for additional variety and also just because it's so good.Consobjective confusion− The mandatory objective of each level is clear (deliver the three red statues to the exit gate), but the secondary objectives are muddled. Each level ends with meaningless statistics of completion time, tris created, and tris deleted—none of which affect completion or achievements. Meanwhile, it's not readily apparent that collecting gold statues is an all-or-nothing matter (i.e. getting 11 statues out of 12 is no better than getting none at all). This is fairly significant because collecting the optional gold statues is as essential to the overall experience as collecting the required red statues.voice acting− The narrator/guide seems like he should be Japanese if anything, but he instead sounds like an young American programmer trying hard to sound like an old British wizard in a sad game of Dungeons & Dragons.hidden teleportation− Teleportation points are used throughout the game, typically to avoid tedious/impossible return routes from statue-collection points, and they are all marked with floating sparkles. Frustratingly, a few times late in the game invisible teleportation happens. A trick that is cool and fun in other games (go playAntichamber!) is out-of-place and very frustrating in this game which is largely about approaching architecture from multiple angles. (The level ""Red Means Dangerous"" is almost unacceptably cheat-y from this perspective.)mushy controls− Player movement is less than crisp, and if you're used to AAA games, sticking platform jumps consistently may require a bit of adjustment.surprise death− There's no fall-damage, and jumping into an abyss simply returns the player to the last stable foothold, so there's no reason to save—until the first acid-pit is encountered several levels into the game, at which point it's,Goodbye progress, hello frustration!This should have been fixed by the devs, but at present the only thing to do isbind quick-save to a favorite key and use it often."
76561198254489943,Recommended,293660,33056741,Posted: 30 June,all,Azaech,"Tri is a game I really liked. I don't have much to add.The game is beautiful and the whimsical atmosphere is really captivating. The puzzles are for the most part really rewarding. I had a lot of fun playing this game.There is 2 thing I didn't see that much and they can be really annoying.1) If you have a fear of heights, this game WILL trigger your phobia. I had to stop and replay again numerous time just to calm down (But I have an acute phobia though x3)2) Some puzzles are really, really, REALLY annoying to solve once you figure them out. Especially some light puzzles.Apart from that, the game is really wonderful."
76561198056414885,Recommended,293660,22288192,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SaMaiHa,"'Oh look, what for a lovely game! The music is great and aww look at this cute fox.''I'm the master of triangles, wuhuu!!'-some chapters later-'... ... I literally don't know which way is up or down.'Would get migraine again, 11/10.Go and give it a TRI!"
76561198007688772,Recommended,293660,17192147,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Aargh,"It's a good game. Tris, the main game mechanic, is creative, original and fun to use. Graphic stylisation is fantastic and so is the level design. The first half of the game has been a blast to play.But... Had the game ended in chapter 10 I would have been much more positive. In the remaining six chapters the difficulty ramps up to the point where I had to regularly check walkthroughs because I had no idea what to do. The levels are confusing, huge and non linear, there are no hints on how the puzzles work and what is expected from you. From time to time the game introduces some new mechanic with no explanation whatsoever (solid light beams, foxes etc). And even if you know the solution it's still pretty hard to do it because millimeter precision is expected from you when placing the triangles. During chapter 15 this got so ridiculously frustrating I've almost rage quit the game for good."
76561198165722536,Recommended,293660,26543602,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,hoppaedo,"This game is a hidden gem, a must have if you like puzzle platform games.The core mechanics are very interesting, and they will make you radically change the way you see the 3d space.It has a nice Japanese flavour, and yes it's freaking difficult, some puzzles take more than an hour to solve. Maybe this is why I love it so much.Pros:-Beautiful visuals with a Japanese/zen atmosphere-very difficult but mind-blowing puzzlesCons:-very long puzzles (you must be very patient to beat the game)Overall I think that this is one of the best games I have ever played, even if sometimes the story and the soundtrack are a bit odd (maybe that is part of its fascination too)."
,Recommended,293660,13132840,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[ I E ] Sunny Fox,"Foxes are considered Gods in this game 10/10TRI: Of Friendship and MadnessBut seriously, I'm really enjoying this game, a puzzle game with a first person perspective,Beautifulenviourment and the puzzles are unique as you make your own pathway to finding the specific objectives needed and it keeps offering more to it just to twist your mind a little bit and have fun as you get challenged each level more and more.The soundtrack is great as it fits perfectly with the game. The story I wont touch as i havent finished it yet.i highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great puzzle game that will ""give you a freedom of movement you've never experienced before"""
,Recommended,293660,16564335,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"I have never before played a puzzle game as long as an RPG in my life. But damn it if I didn't love my time with this game! Even when I spent possibly two hours on one of the ""expert"" puzzles, I found the game enticing from beginning to end.Warnings!This game isHARD. It will force you to think differently in order to beat this game's puzzles. Most challenges are for experts, but even the main puzzles are no simple matter.I do not recommend this game to be played with a controller. You spend a lot of time drawing up triangles, and in later levels you will have to micromanage each one.Turn down the triangle-textures as you're going to draw a lot of them. Your performance will improve greatly.MechanicsWhat is TRI? TRI is a FPS puzzle-platformer that combines a single main-mechanic throughout the whole experience (after you find the TRI in Chapter/Level 3) a la Portal and the unreal, illogical world of Antichamber.There are some platforming skills at your disposal such as climbing edges by holding the jump button or climbing into holes by holding both the jump and the crouch button. This last mechanic can be picky at times, but you can get by with climbing and crouching throughout most of the game.The execution of this game makes me wish a game would utilize Mirror's Edge controls with an interesting game mechanic for speedrunners to make puzzles both challenging in reflexes and in the thought process.Unlike games such as QUBE and Magnrunner Pulse, you are allowed to draw triangles on just about every surface, except wood. You gain an ability later to scale triangles on walls and later to bounce light on triangles. Afterwards, the game is at your whim for how you want to go around the levels.This greatly improves the replayability as you can challenge yourself to find alternative paths or be more efficient with your triangles and time.Despite how difficult I've said the game is at some parts, the game scales its difficulty fairly throughout the first ten or so chapters. After Chapter 10, you better have mastered drawing triangles because you're going to draw a lot.Each new chapter introduces something new that you have to experiment with to figure out what is going on, and some stages might be more expansive than others or more laybrinth-like.The goal of every stage is to collect three red fox statues to open the portal to the next level. These can be tracked with waypoints by pressing the highligh key (H). There are also secret golden idols in every level that require you to either explore every aspect of the level, look more closely at the level, or challenge you to take the harder challenges.These golden idols unlock some developer commentary, prototype pics, level layout pics, etc. But the real reward for these idols is the challenge of 100% the levels by finding all the secret and the super secret idols. The downside is that too many rely on visual-illusions that you might grow tired of quickly.Narrative (No spoilers)The story is about the Monk, Blue and Red (the Old God Foxes). You are just some human disciple of the Monk, and there's no backstory behind your character.I don't think this is much of a spoiler because the game never really cares about who you are, only about the world and the other characters. (Even in the developers' commentary, they said they scrapped the idea of giving you a backstory because it wasn't worth it).The Monk can be thought of as your GLaDoS, but he won't make quips at your failures; he'll be your source of exposition and some encouragement. I don't think his VA is bad at all, but if you're expecting some rich character like GLaDos, I think you'll be disappointed.After every other level, you'll recieve a cutscene that gives some more exposition. The twist of the game is somewhat expected a mile away, but the story is servicable and I quite like the narrative. This game is a case of more style and gameplay over story substance.The only gripe I have with the story is I don't quite like how the game handles the idea of madness; it treats the matter as a temporary condition rather than a permanent affliction.Now I'm not one to not encourage more happier endings, but I think the developers missed out on the opportunity to flesh out the idea of friendship and of madness in treating both things with more consequences. It's something I think this game could've easily done better.But it's clear the game wanted to focus more on making a relaxing, mind-bending puzzle game than a serious story.Best Experience--ReccomendationAs I mentioned beforehand, in order to complete 100% of every level, you need to find all the golden idols. I would recommend at least being a completionist for the first ten levels/chapters.Each of these extra challenges will make you more accustomed to the game's mechanics and they will get your head around some of the possibilities you can do. The secrets are not artificial time-wasters; they give you a better opportunity to explore every aspect of the level and become familiar with the TRI.If you're tired of going after the idols by chapter 9 or 10, stick with collecting the red fox statues. If you think you can handle more mental strain, go for the long run and try to 100% the game.Pros & Cons SummaryProsTHE SOUNDTRACK! If you love Rayman, boy do I have the soundtrack for you.A difficult puzzle game.Simple, yet frustratingly deceptive mechanics and puzzles.Lots of content to get out of this game.Foxes, foxes, foxes, and vulpes gods.Simple story for young and old.Beautiful scenary and very thought-out level design.ConsA difficult puzzle game. Frustration in the later part of the game with the golden idols. (Chapter 10 onwards)Crouch Button + Jump Button = NOT FUNToo many visual illusion puzzles and one-time kind of puzzles.Simple narrative and characters.Nuances with drawing triangles over the simplicity of the Portal gun.Some levels feel way too big or take too long to navigate."
,Recommended,293660,25486816,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pineapplefox,"Do you like puzzles? Do you like foxes? Do you wanna feel like you're tripping balls even though you are totally sober? If you so, play this game!"
,Recommended,293660,17625449,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Milan,"This is one of these games what amazed me with their mechanism. You can walk on a triangles what you create and walk upside down etc. I must say that in third level , i was already on youtube , searching for a walkthroughts , so Its not an easy game...atleast not for me. But i strongly recommend , nice art , nice soundtracks , and your  brain will burn from logic.9.5/10"
76561198063926447,Recommended,293660,21264238,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Roughbark,"If at first you don't succeed, try TRI again."
,Recommended,293660,29067986,Posted: 6 January,all,p0rtalmaster,"After some thought, I've decided to give this game the benefit of the doubt.  There's something in this game that's on par with Portal, namely, the core concept of triangle creation.  In this game, I learned to Think With Triangles.The only thing this game needs as of now: more attention!  It may not be a perfect game, but it is a gem.  The art style is interesting — very reminiscent of Latin American art.  The music is cool too!  I was surprised at how many of those lesser known and exotic instruments I could name in the soundtrack.Buy it (I say the full price is worth it, but do it on sale if you really must :P)!  Support the devs!"
76561198074168391,Recommended,293660,12848641,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,happyW12,"I just finished the game, and this will not contain any spoiler.I discovered this game in the Portal 2 steam news thing. I watched the trailer. I loved it. The idea is pure genius. I played the demo later. I loved that too. I then waited patiently for the game to release, all the while playing the demo a lot. Then it was released. I was ecstatic. Now, enough about me, the game!The game starts with an easy tutorial level, in which you are introduced to your ""mentor"", the Monk, and to the game's objective: finding his friend the Fox [if I remember correctly, in the alpha period of the game, the fox was evil and you had to look him the strange world]. You will also see ""visions"" of the Fox throughout the levels. You then go to the Odd God's world: a world mostly comprised of giant cubes filled with puzzles floating in the middle of emptiness. No wonder the Gods are called Odd! In the second level, you are introduced to this game's collectibles: the Idols of Unnessecary Knowldege. Just my type of thing [I love trivia]! The Idols unlock artwork, in-game commentary and info on the game while it was in developpment. Each level has a few Idols, and one super secret one. They are quite hard to find sometimes, and not mandatory to beating the game. The TRI is encountered in the third level, if I am not mistaken. It works really well. If the TRIs are yellow, you can walk on them, if red, you cannot. You also cannot place TRIs on wood [which has the beautiful meaning that TRIs can only be put on an eternal materials. Well, to me]. Later in the game you encounter the GraviTRI [not the official name], which gives each TRI it's own gravity: if you have a slanted TRI, your gravity will become slanted too when you walk on it. So you could make a chain of TRIs that lead to the ceiling and walk on the ceiling! I read some people had motion sickness, but I [thank the Odd Gods] did not. The games contains 16 levels, which seems short, but isn't. To finish a level, you must gather the 3 Fox Status and place them on an altar. The levels are beautiful, stunning and extremelly well-crafted and brain-melting at times. The music is just perfect. The game seems to be reparted in a few ""sections"", with each section having 3 music segments that loop. The music is so good that the looping is not a problem to me. The story is nice, simple and touching: a tale of friendship, madness, and Foxes. The game is fairly glitchless: the 2 glitches I encountered were fixed, and the last level had a slightly game-breaking glitch, but thankully Ratking told us how to fix it in the ""stuck thread"". The developper commentary is also a bit flawed: the music doesn't get less loud, unlike when you talk with the Monk: so you'll hear the the great music and  the devs talking about things at the same volume, which makes it hard to understand it at times.Overall, this is a great game. I loved it. I strongly recommend this to any amateur of FPS puzzle- and exploration-games. And you can buy the soundtrack! What's not to like?Thank you, Ratking entertainment, for making such a unique and exceptionnal game. I love you!Edit:The way death is handled is questionnable: if you fall in bottomless hole/void, you immediatly respawn at a predetermined point, which is nice. But if you touch a red lazer or acid, you die and have to choose a previous save. So make sure you save often.Oh, and the TRIs are the magical triangle-platforms. When you create one, the world becomes grey, except for a coloured zone which indicates where you can place the next point. Maybe I should've mentionned that earlier..."
,Recommended,293660,34487385,Posted: 25 August,all,melody,"I love triangles. Triangles are my favorite shape and they make me so happy. I have over 40 triangles in my bedroom alone. And including myself that makes 41 triangles. Don't you love triangles? They're such a perfect shape. Three points, three sides, they're so friendly but also intimidating and bold at the same time. They're perfection in shape form. Triangles are perfect. And if you love triangles you are perfect too."
,Recommended,293660,21794325,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Leonard,"TRI is a first-person puzzle like The Talos Principle or Portal. This game consists of unique puzzle solving and exploration,mostly for secrets.The main mechanic of this game is building triangles. Just select three points in a certain area to create a triangle to make your own plattforms to reach new stuff. New mechanics are added to this later likebeing able to walk on walls or the ceiling with the triagles or light puzzle.There is a background story which is being told with the cut scenes between the levels or the narrator which leads you through the levels at some points.My main problems with this game are the jumping at times and how the levels seem to drag on a bit too long if you want to collect the collectables which are very well hidden at times. If you don't care about stuff like that then the pacing of the game might feel better.All in all, this game makes a good impression and I ended up playing like 3h when I first started it, it also has a unique art stlye to it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=639436083http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=639435885"
76561197983662248,Not Recommended,293660,13881865,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a much longer header to these reviews, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery.Gameplay: Full disclosure: I didn't complete this game. I got to level 12 and just decided that I wasn't gonna play this game anymore. While I have heard discussion over an apparently quite large difficulty spike in the last levels, I didn't care enough to go that far. Why? To be quite blunt, this game is dull. Boring. In fact, for the first three levels, I questioned whether or not this game was even gonna be a puzzle game at all. In fact, I still kinda question that even after the fact. Let me go into details for the mechanics first before I start discussing why I don't think the implementation is very good.Tri is a game about building triangles to solve problems. Essentially, you can create a triangle within a certain volume of space using three points which have to be connected to a wall. While you can't just stack triangles on triangles horizontally forever (in fact, there's a limit to this just due to the way triangles work), this does mean that you can put triangles most anywhere in the level. Unfortunately for the game, you can put triangles most anywhere in the level, meaning that solving a puzzle just becomes a matter of throwing enough triangles at the problem until it just kinda solves itself. This is my biggest problem with the game, and why I found it to be so boring. Never once throughout the game did I solve a puzzle and actually feel clever about its solution, which for a puzzle game can be an absolute killer. There are challenges that you can do which would want you to finish the area using as few triangles as possible, but it still stands that the core of the gameplay just isn't compelling enough to want to do these challenges.Various gimmicks are introduced as you continue through the game, such as wood-paneled walls which you can't put triangle vertices on (because reasons), light reflection, death lasers and acid. This game also handles death in a really weird way; falling down a pit just respawns you at whatever location the map maker decided to respawn you at, and falling in acid or walking into a death laser actually causes you to die, forcing a load game. This game doesn't really autosave all that well, meaning that once you get to a section featuring such things if you are not manually saving quite often, you can lose a good deal of progress. You can use triangles to reflect the lasers (and in fact are required to do so to complete some tasks in the level), but it's super finicky and often just becomes a question of moving a vertex a centimeter or two in order to solve the puzzle, which as you may guess isn't too particularly fun either. It's especially not fun whenever a certain challenge in a certain level that introduces death lasers requires you to reflect said death lasers around yourself in tight corridors around walls, fearing risk of game over  and lost progress unless you quicksave all the time.The level design is presented in a semi-linear way in that you have a fairly large level in which you spend a lot of time setting up ramps so that you can run up walls and maybe find where you have to go. Each level has three fox statues and any number of small fox idols; the former of which are required for completing the level and the latter are just for unlockable material, usually concept art. Each of the three foxes has their own ""puzzle area,"" which is pretty much just an area where you do some vaguely puzzle-y things in order to get the fox statues. The fact of the matter is that this game really is an exploration game at heart, just with some kinda wonky puzzle mechanics thrown in there. If you're into that kind of thing you'll probably really enjoy this game, but I want something compelling. Maybe The Talos Principle spoiled me for puzzle games, but the degree of compelling exploration and puzzles I felt in that game just isn't here.That's ultimately my biggest problem with this game; it didn't do enough to get me to care. I can tell that the team cared about the game; it's just that they didn't get me to care. Again, if you're into exploration games with some puzzles here and there, you'll probably have a better time with this game. If you're going into this expecting super clever puzzle design along the lines of games like Portal/The Talos Principle/Antichamber, just go play those games again. You'll have a better time over there. 5/10.Story: There's kind of a story and kind of a narrator, then there was something about two fox buddies and strife; I dunno. I gotta be honest, I was yawning too much because of the gameplay to really pay attention to the story. As such, I'm not gonna rate it.Graphics: As I've said in many reviews before, I'm a sucker for big architecture. This game definitely has some big architecture, but something just feels... off about the map design. I think it's just because it's a bit too blocky and inorganic for my liking, which admittedly is most likely a function of the way the game works, but I would've liked to see some more complex geometry here and there in the level design. The texturework is probably part of what throws me off as well. Ultimately, the biggest kicker with the level design is that it just feels like levels. It doesn't really often feel like you're exploring a world; you're just going through rooms. This is again something that the ""big three"" mentioned above may have spoiled me on, but I do think it's very important for puzzle games, when having a narrative, to have solid world design and not just solid level design. That, in my eyes is the biggest failing of this game as far as an art style goes. It sure has its style, but it doesn't feel... ""natural"". As far as the technical stuff goes, you've got some graphics sliders and your standard resolution options. It's been too long for me to remember whether this game launches at 1080p, but I seem to recall it doing so. There's also a really weird, grainy overlay that the game does which you may wanna turn off if it bothers you as much as it did me. This is again one of those things where I can plainly see that they put effort into this and really cared about their work, but it just doesnt' really have much depth to it as far as the graphical side of things. Beauty is skin deep with this game. 2/5.Sound: The soundtrack for this game isn't all that bad; I just wish the game would make up its damn mind when it wanted to play the songs. During your time in a level, the ""theme"" for that level will just kinda start and stop whenever it feels like, which if you're anything like me, is really quite annoying. The songs themselves are quite bouncy, ""ethnic"" (I'm sorry, but I really couldn't think of a better adjective), and generally fun to listen to. It's just too bad the game can't figure out when to and not to play it. As for the voice acting and sound design, the voice acting is meh and the sound design is functional. Overall not bad, but I would rate it higher if the game didn't make me absolutely sick of some of the songs. 2/5.Overall scores are: 5/0/2/2; cumulative score of 4.7/10. It's right around the borderline between a recommendation and not a recommendation, but it's the overall lack of substance in nearly all respects that kills it for me. It's great for the first hour and a half, then you start realizing that it's pretty much just the same stuff over and over."
,Recommended,293660,13241248,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Skye,"PROS:*Great visuals*Impressive levels and design*Unique and interesting triangle mechanics*Good atmosphere*Music fits*Save and quicksave features*Some replayability if the player is interested in collectibles or competitionCONS:*Not much emphasis on actual puzzles; platforming and exploration are the stars here*Some frustrating elements, like directing balls of light with curving paths to particular destinations or placing the three points of a triangle at precisely the right positions*Minimal story*Little to no sense of connection between levels*Some collectibles locations are too hard to find without a guideGAME LENGTH:Even with a guide to the collectible locations, achievement hunters can expect to take 20+ hours to complete the game without a walkthrough.  Those interested only in completing the game can expect to finish in substantially less time, perhaps around 12 hours.SCORE:7 out of 10My feelings about this game are in conflict, partly due to my expectation that it would have a heavier focus on actual puzzles and meaningful exploration.I spent the first 10 or so of TRI's 16 levels wondering where the puzzles were.  I figured that the platforming (enabled by the game's TRI mechanic, which allows the player to walk on walls and ceilings) would largely be an interesting means of navigating from puzzle A to puzzle B, which I would then solve to get the statuettes that are needed to proceed to the next stage.  Instead, the platforming itself often seemed to be the puzzle.  Reaching my goals was mostly about locating and climbing to them, not thinking about what actions I needed to take and in what order.  Even reaching areas that appeared inaccessible from the start was just a matter of moving through the level and, say, falling down the right hole.  The last third of the game began to incorporate some puzzles, but they were too little (too few, too simple), too late.I could have accepted this problem as a feature rather than a failure.  Perhaps the developers intended for the TRI mechanics to be the stars of the game instead of the puzzles.  Unfortunately, I found myself fighting with some of the TRI mechanics as well, particularly the light reflection.  There are ""puzzles"" that involve reflecting a beam of light off the player's placed triangles to hit a crystal, which powers some part of the environment.  For me, setting the three points of my triangles just so was very time-consuming and not fun at all, especially when the beam of light had to be reflected down hallways or holes in the ground to reach other rooms.  Sometimes the reflected light was dangerous, so I had to duck under or platform around it to get a good enough vantage point to precisely draw my next triangle.  Worse than the light beams, however, were the ""kami"", balls of light that follow a set, curving path from some spawner and bounce off your triangles.  The curve in their path is largely preserved after they bounce, so placing triangles to get the kami where I wanted them to go was even more difficult.  Fortunately, the most frustrating of these scenarios are intended to be completed only if the player wants to collect the optional golden idols.As a completionist and fan of exploration in video games, I naturally sought out every golden idol.  Each level contains usually 9 to 14 of them, hidden in out-of-the-way nooks, in awkward ledges, in acid, behind bars that are lifted by pressing a button, and so on.  It's safe to say that locating and collecting these constituted the majority of my play time and that there would not be much game in their absence.  Sadly, they are the only incentive for exploration, since the environments themselves reveal little to nothing of the meager story or the world (universe?) in which the game takes place and generally feature nothing noteworthy except some opportunities for screenshots.  The golden idols also do not reveal more of the story, but they are not totally without value:  as the player collects them, he unlocks developer commentary and notes for each of the stages as well as achievements.  Still, I would have preferred some more game-related incentive for pursuing them, especially considering the time that went into doing so.  It doesn't help that there are no in-game clues, whether subtle arrows or ""proximity pings"", to their locations, especially when they are hidden behind wall tiles that look like any other.I have nothing bad to say about the other aspects of the game.  The levels are large and well-designed.  The art is lovely.  The sound is just right and the unobtrusive music suits the game.  The player can save at any time, including by quicksave; loading is quick; and any chapter can be replayed later.  The options menu allows for decent customization of the experience.  There is an optional ""challenge mode"" for each stage that involves using as few triangles as possible.  Unfortunately, the parts of the game that I care about most just didn't meet my high expectations.If you're looking for a puzzler, rewarding exploration, or a deep story, this game is probably not for you.  If you're looking for a low-stakes, casual, (mostly) relaxing platformer with pleasant visuals, well-designed levels, and an interesting gameplay mechanic, consider buying it.  Just be aware that, given what it is, you may feel that the game overstays its welcome if you try to fully complete all 16 chapters.Despite the tone of my review, I would still say that I found the overall experience enjoyable enough to recommend it, especially given what I paid for it at a heavy discount.  Considering the size of the development team and the lack of games of this quality in this genre as well, I give it a 7 out of 10.  I look forward to this team's future work, which I hope will focus more on substance than style."
76561197999388753,Recommended,293660,23268125,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pepperyena,"If you're patient and can handle a few weak points, this game is probably for you.Maybe it's just because I haven't played many games like these, but I was consistently astounded by how creative and diverse the puzzles were. Even with new abilities that seemed to break the game, the developers somehow managed to craft some really, really clever challenges here and there. I found myself consistently questioning which way was up as I went out of my way to find all the hidden idols - some of which were really devious. Little buggers.I guess the only things I really disliked were the voice of the monk (More of a personal thing) and the controls occasionally. Being unable to hold space to climb onto a box or just falling off one of your triangles - they tend to happen a lot. Otherwise, I had a blast solving all those puzzles.Love the fox, by the way. He's adorable. Except in level 15. He was a little frigger in that one."
,Recommended,293660,16828949,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,beranie,"TRIis a 1st person puzzle platformer from Ratking Entertainment, a small 2-person ( both young, very humble and sympathetic in their online presence, a true indie) dev studio in germany.The game started off as a game jam entry and garnered so much positive feedback that the two decided to flesh it out.After many iterations (you can find more on the development on theirYT channelorBlog) a truly beautiful and surreal game with mind (and physics-) bending mechanics and a nice narration as the cherry on top of it all emerged.StoryYou as the player are dropped into the world of the ""odd gods"" and shortly after meet a monk who will be your spirit guide and is in some kind of adversarial relation with a fox that pops up here and there, mostly making you life harder rather than helping you out.(Once he even turns gravity on it's head to confuse you!)That monk tells you that - in the beginning - there were 3 foxes. So what happened along the way?While I'm happy that the story is there and it feels like it really is an organic part of the game, what motivated me to play TRI is nonetheless the gameplay.GameplayThe main strength of the game are the mechanics and the (in part) anarchic puzzles.Your main tool to traverse the world and find the three fox statues that enable you to leave the level and progress to the next one is triangles.You can build structures with them, like bridges and so on. But you can also walk on walls... and roofs.And you can use them to redirect light (which I am atrociously bad at btw...) or little Kami spirits.The puzzles are super hard and make you think out of the box very often.Also, there are a certain amount of optional collectibles in every level and let me tell you: In order to find all of these, you really have to have some masochistic character traits!(I'm trying to collect them all...)I play this game whenever I feel  like challenging myself and then it's rewarding as hell. It's not something for turning off your thinking apparatus and just killing time, though...I am currently in Chapter 13 from 16 and will edit this review if any of my impressions change but at this point I want to  strongly recommend this game!I made a Let's Play btw, but don't watch it... buy the game and play it yourself. It's really worth your money and time!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3MCtvGOKcs&list=PLC5WiyEwX70DKiGvneh-rz4wS2FJaPWfd&index=1"
76561198171146837,Recommended,293660,27574297,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,evawdnuoScimotA,"Tri is a firsr person puzzle game with exploration as well, when you get the gravity shifting ability to walk on walls, it's easy to explore a lot and the light reflect upgrade is very good too but a litle hard to get precise reflections.The maps all vary and have different feels and have many idols to collect too, The puzzles are not just 'place a tri on the wall ands climb it', they vary with using boxes, switches and light beams, white is harmless but stay out of red.it is nice to see what ideas the developers originally had for the game and how it has progressed.I do have 1 warning for it, when you get the gravity shifting, you may get a bit of motion sickness as this is quite a lot topo look at.Overall I would recommend this game because it allows you to an extent make your own paths to move on.Maybe if the developers ever made a Tri 2 it would be nice to see more mechanics, As this is now is very playable and enjoyable, I recommend having a look around the rooms first before you solve anything."
,Recommended,293660,23551351,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Campion not responding,"My Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6c6wRokCFQShort summary:TRI is an interesting puzzle game where you form triangles on walls to solve puzzles. The twist being that you'll eventually be able to walk on walls and redirect light and lasers with them. This is where I wholeheartedly recommended only half of TRI to some of you because while reflecting the lasers with your triangles sounds like a great idea on paper, in reality it can lead to a lot of pixel perfect placement that's more tedious than fun, especially in the later levels that revolve almost exclusively around this mechanic. Still, the mechanics and level design are pushed to their absolute creative limits here which lead to a lot of fun and intriguing ""Aha!"" moments.TRI has a challenging difficulty curve that isn't afraid to present you with the seemingly impossible the further you play on. Also worth mentioning is the extremely appealing, simplistic artstyle and truly memorable soundtrack that accompanies this game. They really nailed TRI on the presentation side of things. A cute fox will follow you as you solve progressively harder puzzles while this light hearted chanting goes on in the background, and there's just something really enchanting and relaxing about that.At it's best, TRI stands out strong in the puzzle genre right now. Even at it's worst, its still worth playing for any puzzler fan."
,Recommended,293660,15241775,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Wryit,"This is not your average first person puzzle game. It's got gravity defying triangles, and the focus of the story is around the Odd Gods, which are pretty much these really cute foxes. You are an average human being, who was given the power of the TRI by the Fox Monk, and you must go through the Odd Gods' world and learn the fable about the two really cute foxes, one red and one blue. The feel of the game feels very mythological, and the soundtrack is nothing but spooky chants. I got this game on sale, and I kinda wish I bought it full price because they really deserve it. I have not played a more unique game in my entire life.Oh, and it's really, really, REALLY hard."
,Recommended,293660,22645647,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,warpendragn,"I bought TRI on a sale, presuming that it would not run on my pc but too intriguing to pass up. Despite not being compatible with my graphics chip, it runs perfectly smoothly in a window (I haven't yet tried full screen)The music is engaging, drawing you into the intense fantasy realm the game is set in, and I found myself pleased and eager to hunt for this missing Fox. I did have to adjust the music often depending how long a puzzle area was, as it gets louder the closer you are to an objective. I did not get tired of it once.The visuals are just gorgeous, and loved the designs, it pops and is literal magic with the vibrant colors imoThe puzzles are very hide-and-seek, and remind me a lot of FEZ: easy going but challenging if you wish to find everything. You have a time, if you are a speed runner, and enough hidden items to make it fun for completionists. I am pleased that the bonus material is on a collection system for the overall game instead of per level.I already agree with the guide: the power to create triangles both drives you to wonder and madness"
76561198025449506,Recommended,293660,15567720,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ean5533,"Absolutely fantastic puzzler. Starts off a little bit slow in the first couple levels, but the puzzles definitely ramp up quickly. There's still several golden statues that I haven't found!"
,Recommended,293660,25445398,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Wormoxide,"[table]|[tr][td][h1]Graphics[td]2-bit triangles|[tr][td][h1]Audio[td]uuuuuup, uuuuup|[tr][td][h1]Music[td]A grating endless loop.|[tr][td][h1]Controls[td]WASD+mouse, configurable|[tr][td][h1]Mechanics[td]Draw triangles and make leaps of faith|[tr][td][h1]Story[td]Rescue red fox from the madness. |[tr][td][h1]Difficulty[td]The solutions are really simple. Executing the solution will seem impossible.|[tr][td][h1]Replayability[td]Not really.|[tr][td][h1]Fun[td]The first half is fun, the second half is madness."
,Recommended,293660,27003525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DownUnder,Great puzzle game with a very simple yet fun concept. You can easily spend an hour or more on each level trying to find all of the secrets.
76561197997495525,Recommended,293660,13880017,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TenkoFoxx,"TRI is a really wonderful game. It somehow reminds of Portal or Kula World in terms of unique graphics and game mechanics, but instead of portals, triangles can be created, which can be walked upon (even upside down) and reflect light. The story feels a bit placed in japanese folklore with a fox-monk asking you for help in terms of finding his fellow fox, which had gone mad from the power of the triangle. So he sends you to the godly realm to find and rescue the red fox with the help of named triangle power (The TRI).|Game difficulty is challenging, but the game introduces all necessary knowlegde of how-to-play in a very good way, step by step. Later levels really twist and bend your brain, when even gravity shifts and whole level parts rotate ...so you understand why the red fox gone mad about this power ;)||If you like 3D puzzle platformer like portal and like to challenge your brain in spatial thinking... TRI is a must have for you.|And most importantly....  it has foxes in it!!!!"
,Recommended,293660,25373480,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,キットちゃん,Magic problem solving Doritos!
,Recommended,293660,12663521,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Progenitus,"For Portal and Portal 2 fans a very good ""sequel"". The puzzles require less combinatoric smartness than a very good orientation. But you will get fast better at orientating while playing. The level design is very good and rivals the level design in Portal 2. At at least one point it has similarities with mechanics from Antichamber.|I am sure the developers had a fun time to make the levels and they love to challange the player with (almost) impossible tasks.|Really a recommondation for those who want their mind f**ked"
76561198130789606,Recommended,293660,15730955,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Stoomknoot,"Found Tri by going on youtube and searching for ""first person puzzler"" as I was in the market for a new one. I love this genre. |While not completely convinced by the youtube video I saw, the game did not seem so polished to me and a bit of a gimmick, reading a few reviews Tri still came out on top for my latest purchase.||From the moment it was installed I have been thoroughly smacked in the face for my doubtful first impression. |Tri turned out to have a story, to be very well polished, have a wonderful art style, made very thoughtfully and leveldesign that quickly escalates to the mental in a good way. :D Making full use of the game mechanics. And it has foxes.||Pro's: Everything. It will challenge you and it will make you smarter. Solving levels is very satisfying and you will want to tell everyone about it. But rather than your social skills it will up your spacial thinking skills. The game mechanics get more and more outrageous every time you think it can't. The bending of light rays is extremely awesome. Gravity is not always where you think it is and whatever you can imagine the dev's beat you to it. ||Con's: It ramps up the difficulty in a hurry. To the point where it might get a bit intimidating. Not for the puzzling faint of heart. |My brain had to adjust to the game mechanics initially feeling slightly disorientated after a session of Tri. Not so much a fault of the game rather a word of warning. Now that doesn't happen anymore and I'm hooked to the game mechanics wanting more. ||9/10 very awesome game."
76561198060844008,Recommended,293660,28090041,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Taters,Do you want to trip absolute balls and have a blast in the process? Well look no further! This game very enjoyable and challenging. I love the way it messes with your brain. 11/10 Would do drugs again.
,Recommended,293660,15566664,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Justabit_Ginger,"The Visuals of this game are absolute  stunning !I can't Recommend this enough , A great visual story based puzzle game.A Truly deserved 10/10  worth full price!"
,Recommended,293660,13833428,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kalanken,"I've always loved this game's style of art, and so far I've JUST made it to part five. This game needs for you to think outside the box- no, really. If you think inside the box you'll get stuck on 'Unwilling Walls' for at least two hours. Alas, you must also remember the basics and not overthink things, or you'll be doing somethinng horrifically advanced when all you need to do is just on a box and climb up the wall.Gameplay - 4.5/5The game spoonfeeds you the details and the things that you, the PC, can do. Theres no massive 'jump' and you're not alone in this journey, so if you find youself getting lost you should look back and try to run through things from the beginning and see if it's possible. Also, try to collect the Idols of Useless Knowledge, you really do need them. The art is amazing.Style - 5/5Did I not mention I'm already in love with this game? The art style is both cartoonish and real, along with having cutsceens, smooth animations, and a whole new look on things. Put together Antichamber and Portal you'll get this. Honestly, this game is worth your money if you are the type to sit back and enjoy the little details.Sound - 5/5Whoever the hell made this needs a trophy, cause they're amazing. Everything has a sound, but let me just fangirl for a moment. The MUSIC. Oh, the music is simply amazing! Get the soundtrack if you must but the music and background noises with both put you on edge and relax you, at the same time. I have honestly, in my whole life as a gamer and an artist/writer, never heard such beautiful music.Story - 4/5You don't just play games to play games. Wait, some people do. Never mind that. All considerably additicing games need a good story, and this one's got it. It may seem a bit confusing at first, but like the gameplay the game spoonfeeds it to you, taking babysteps. Instead of your basic 'Once open a time, a hero(the PC) appeared,' theres a while backstory and cause for the mess that has become the realm of the Mad God. Why is there only two foxes? Why is only one considered a god when both are immortal? When are we finally going to catch Red? When is Blue going to show up? The questions haunt my dreams and demand that I come back and search for the answers, and I do.Overall - 18.5/20This game is... well, plainly put it: Amazing. There has been no other games in all 1,000+ hours of steam gameplay that I've done that has wow'ed me in such a way. The game is smoothly put together and everything fits. It a massive milk puzzle, ( If you don't know what a milk puzzle is, it's a normal puzzle expect for that it's all white ) and /you/ have to be the one to paint the pieces in your own understanding a pathway in this game. If you find that the game is impossible, think this: The word 'Impossible' itself says 'I'm possible'! If I could, I'd buy twenty copies of this game and send every one of them to each one of my friends, I simply cannot get enough of TRI.... if only I wasn't stuck on the fifth level. Heh."
,Recommended,293660,16389029,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Renafox レナ,"More disorienting than Super Mario Galaxy10/10 Would get trapped in a world of weird physics, foxes, and triangles again"
76561198044471470,Recommended,293660,26379312,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dyrus,Nice little game so far.Love the Artstyle. Controls are good and this platform creating is a nice mechanic. (a little buggy atm)The statues are hidden insanely well. ^^ will take a lot of time finding all of them.I buyed it in this sale and its totally worth it. If you like games like this: Buy it! Even for full price.9/10.
,Recommended,293660,18163839,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,kddddddd,"If you like mind games and foxes - buy this game, really."
,Recommended,293660,25456221,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Leonhard Euler,"A darn good puzzle game.It's in a somewhat similar vein as Antichamber, but it does its own thing and does it quite well.The first couple levels grant you the power to be a triangle god and you feel a rush of freedom thinking that you can go anywhere and do anything, but the game throws reasonable and well-thought-out restrictions your way: triangles have a maximum length per side, you need proper angles to use their gravity-warping feature, can't draw in mid-air without another triangle base, can't draw on wood, etc.The style is nice to look at and the story is minimal yet nice to have.I had to look up puzzle answers in the game's steam forums a couple times. (A large box can go on two buttons at once.) But still the game as a whole was very satisfying. I'll probably revisit it later and try to get more optional statues and enable audio commentary."
,Recommended,293660,15052047,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,tagenar,"About 36 hours of total play time, and I finally beat Tri: Of Friendship and Madness.  Though the game is heavily derivative of Portal, it quickly goes in its own direction with the puzzles.And difficulty.After a tutorial level, you're given a Tri, a device that makes triangles which you can use to bridge gaps and make pathways up the walls and along the ceiling.  In later levels you use them to reflect light beams, guide lasers, and more!  And then you are told to find the fox.The first ten levels or so are tantalizing and brain-teasing enough, and then level 11 hits.  From 11 to the end, the puzzles are MEAN!  Multi-step, thinking outside the box, taking these game mechanics and stretching what you can do with them to the very edge of reason!  There are some strange maneuvers you have to pull off, and figuring out what you have to do requires paying close attention to the environment.The puzzles are mean in a good way.  Everything you need to solve them is right in front of you.  Learning to recognize what is possible with all these devices, how they behave, and how you must use the triangles to make them work together is mind-stretching.  This is not for casual players, and I like that.These are expertly-designed levels.  Nothing is unfair, nothing is obtuse.  I finished the game without consulting a walkthrough, or taking any hints, and I am proud to have figured everything out by myself.  Those last two levels are a doozy--each taking me two sittings to figure out--but everything is logical.The story is a bit thin.  It's told between levels instead of experienced as you progress, but that's a minor gripe.  I can see how the foxes went mad with this kind of freedom of movement.  I almost went mad figuring this stuff out.  Forget thinking with portals.  Thinking with Tris will kick your butt!I have only one real complaint: the music.  It's not bad music, but the way it's used is.  Each level has a segment of music which lasts one to two minutes, and this clip plays over and over and over, with about 30 seconds of silence in between.  On some levels, I heard the same 1-minute loop a hundred times, and it became so tiresome I often switched off the music and played my own.  The soundtrack is so much better when it's not broken up and looped.  I bought it as a symbol of my triumph!Other than this flaw, it's a wonderful game.  Superbly crafted levels, excellent use of its game mechanic, and foxes!"
,Recommended,293660,15261170,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,milkykoala,"Like other positive reviews I just have to say this is the most unique puzzle game out there. The soundtrack and style are artistic and entrancing.  You could play this game for hours and never get tired of it - I know I will be keeping it on my PC and always going back to it.  The game gives you a sense of story and adventure, but is very relaxing at the same time.  It will take you to a different world.  It's also lengthy enough to find a home on your computer if you want to take it slow and play between other games.  Fans of Okami, or Japanese style and folklore will be very happy with this one."
76561198041442889,Recommended,293660,13772393,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,culinarykid92,"A unique game about two foxes. I really like the unique power of creating platforms by making triangles. The Story is good. One thing to note: I have had to stop playing the Fox's Playground because of getting lost after getting the three idols and gravity shifting. Because of the shift, I started to feel sick because of camera orientation and such. Yet I have no problem playing Super Hexagon and other games that cause motion sickness. I still recommend the game."
76561198039108757,Recommended,293660,13517798,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Captin,"Man this was a hidden gem among the collection of bizarre puzzle games. If you've played Antichamber, Quantum Conundrum, Portal 2, and maybe a little of Stanley Parable for the madness bit....then you're going to love this. From what I gathered of the story (avoiding spoilers here), you are called upon to assist a holy guardian to help his friend, but both have lost their way.TRI challenges the player to invent their own solution to accomplish a similar goal in varying worlds of what seem to represent insanity. Yup. You're going to lose track of which way is up....in levels that actually have a defined ""up"".....and it's so much fun. The tools at your disposal are basically hands (to lift), feet (to move), mind (to go insane), and TRIangles (to defy physics, of course). The TRIangles are your control among the madness, allowing you to define which way is up.I loved playing this so much, from the very strange but addictive soundtrack to the way it throws you into each scenario without holding your hand."
76561198136578645,Recommended,293660,31852480,Posted: 19 May,all,_Chroot Doot ✝,"It's a decent game, however, the camera is far too nauseating; if I play too long I feel like vomitting.Granted, it's a lot of fun; secrets are difficult to find and are in places you wouldn't expect them to be. Who needs not having motion sickness?"
,Recommended,293660,31310090,Posted: 22 April,all,prince_of_gypsies,"Have your personal music attend when you start this game. The soundtrack it's actually alright- But you get sick of it if the 20 minutes of it loop over hours of playing. The game itself is fine, but it does get repetitive and you'll be sick of triangles after a few levels. This is also the first game that make me dizzy and motion sick. If you like puzzles it's alright, but don't get this game if it isn't on sale."
,Recommended,293660,22724928,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,octipuff,"I first heard of TRI in a forum for Portal, while discussing how much I was glad to have found more Portal content in the form of Portal Stories: Mel. Someone then recommended I try TRI for a spin. I love puzzle games, they're among my most favorite types to play. TRI rewards the unconventional player, and the ""outside the box"" mindset. In a world with invisible barriers and crappy rocks meant to hold a player in the ""playable zone,"" TRI rewards the player who tries to get to unreachable spots. TRI has implemented mechanics and tools that I've not used in any other game so far, and that was refreshing. It's a fun game, and at times, pretty difficult. But the difficulty turns to sweet success when you figure out how to solve the problems. Bonus idols can be collected as an additional option in the game, making for an even longer playthrough. The art and soundtrack and story are also very well done, and I enjoyed looking at the bonus artwork as I unlocked it. All in all, if I was to recommend any puzzle game, this would be in my top 10!"
,Recommended,293660,21022746,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,joe8Zeta7,"The title of the game describes it perfectly: this game has been made with a bit of madness by its creators, otherwise the level design couldn't be justified.The game is quite enjoyable, but sometimes it becomes really annoying, because you should be a bit mad to figure out the solution of the puzzles!Nothing to say about the gameplay, but the storyline is a bit stupid and not completely clear.However, it's a game that should be in your collection, even better if it is on sale."
,Recommended,293660,33616989,Posted: 17 July,all,jaro.pivarci,"Great puzzler, very fun to play!"
,Recommended,293660,34624048,Posted: 30 August,all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,A really cute and relaxing puzzle-platformer with amazing artstyle and some nice mechanics. Perfect when you need your daily fix of zen.
76561198046791069,Recommended,293660,17290724,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Glenn_Miller,This game is not Portal is it better than Portal no is it a great game yesThis game involes finding 3 statues in each stage to get these you must use triangles to climb jump on or reflect lightTo be a good puzzlers you must have puzzles that are challanging enough to be hard but not so hard they require a walkthrough to be honest about 20% of the puzzles require a walkthroughTHE ♥♥♥♥ING LIGHT PUZZELS ARE SUCH CANCERConsthe voice acting was done by Hocgaming he tried but it just not very good but it's passableThe devs were honestly mean in there placementdefault FOv made me feel sick but thankfully they included an fov slider but be warned if you have greater probelms with low FovThe light puzzles suck the mechanic fails completly because they require way too fine percisonProsThe art style is beutiful honestly one of the best in any game I have seenThe soundtrack is amazingYou feel like you have done something when you suceedyour potatoe can run it it's refreshing to see a game that plays well on low end PCsThe controls work and using triangles is a honest to god innovationI give this a 8/10Defenetily deserves a squeal
,Recommended,293660,20134604,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vensmiley,"This game can get a bit frustrating, but it's very fun. Later in the game it gets a bit confusing, but it's still a nice game.Most of my time on this game doesn't show- I play offline"
76561198093919303,Recommended,293660,28489723,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Master Cube,"As a fan of games like the talos principle and portal, this game hits the spot. Excellent puzzles (which I admittedly needed some help with at times - they were pretty tricky) and a really interesting new mechanic in the 'tri' you can create.My only complaint would be that the voice acting seemed a little amateur, but to be honest it barely detracted from the game once I got into the meat of it."
,Recommended,293660,25329692,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,:),"Beautiful game, the possiblities are limitless.Sit back and let your mind relax :)"
,Recommended,293660,33735898,Posted: 22 July,all,zulu,"Tri's easily one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Inventive, interesting, well-paced, and it encourages the player to explore and try out new ideas all the time. The only criticism I have is that some of the later puzzles can be a bit opaque, but the vast majority of the game is brilliant. Great game."
76561198054345748,Recommended,293660,19106627,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Goob,"I am very impressed with TRI.  One shouldn't expect a typical first-person adventure here - basically, you're exploring a multifarious world by creating solid two-dimensional triangles, for use as walking platforms.  These platforms expand your access to different parts of the world, a reach that keeps expanding with different levels of the ""TRI.""  It is a very cool concept that keeps evolving, which can certainly maintain a gamer's interest.  Also, the music is great.  Visuals are clean, and the concept is unusual and interesting.  A+."
,Recommended,293660,30333550,Posted: 5 March,all,Nuttycoon,"This game is just amazing. Although I found myself stuck in later levels for hours, I was never frustrated enough to quit the game for more than an hour. That said I have to say that the game is hard and if you want to find every single hidden thing, it will take you a while.It filled the hole that the portal games left in my heart."
76561198024678252,Recommended,293660,16842484,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Crusher99,"Though I know this game is great, I feel a little uncomfortable giving this game a positive review. The art style of the game is very beautiful. The soundtrack is awesome. The game has 15 actual levels, which the first 5 lvls are nice and get more and more demanding in a good manner. After that, the levels start to  become brutaly difficult. Especially the last few levels are pure madness. This is because it is not like Portal (1 & 2), which had puzzles, that could be done in a way that wasn't hard to acomplish. I mean because portals aligned to a grid and had not to be put pixel perfect. In this game the triangles sometimes have to be put pixel perfect. There are almost no solutions and walkthroughs, but they don't really solve the problems for you anyway. You would never manage to put the triangles the same way as you might see it in a walkthrough. This especially concerns the puzzles where you need to reflect laser beams and randomly flying light projectiles.After all this game has real production value but I think most people will not finish the game. But if they do, they will go crazy trying it."
76561198017704717,Recommended,293660,17582762,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Dima,"I think when a game clenches your fat covered hips, flips you vertically and shakes you ferociously like the school bully stealing your lunch money it's a sign to stop playing the game. So I'm going to be proactive and quit this game because all this motion is making me sick :(Though if you're not weak like me you can expect a 1st person puzzle game where you create paths with triangles. Attractive aesthetic and a great soundtrack to boot, I'd happily keep playing if I could."
,Recommended,293660,19570048,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,KubeKreature,"Awesome puzzler, but very difficult. Expect a challenge."
,Recommended,293660,20209640,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nyanli,AHHHHHHHHH THIS IS SUCH A COOL GAME GET IT GET IT RIGHT NOW
76561198000649933,Recommended,293660,31020852,Posted: 8 April,all,rcafaro,Surprising game. May seem silly and easy at first but is surprisingly challenging after half a dozen levels! It too me 24 hours and some online help to finish it without losing my sanity. Highly recommend it to puzzle lovers!
76561198323809898,Recommended,293660,26025534,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Yuki,"Natuarally I tried to use triangle to block and prison eye bugs....they looks like super creepy spiders...In alpha version of game there were a lot more bugs....thanks a lot you only keep 4 in the last version of game.Great game, great art work.I just went to an international modern art festival, and saw very similar idea of space design (the endless falling down circle in a magical space). I felt excited cauze' I felt like I myself was in the game word!"
,Recommended,293660,30067753,Posted: 20 February,all,melonbeton,PROS:Beautiful visual design.Soothing soundtrack.Interesting puzzles which you can solve by drawing triangles (which you also use to find a way through obstacles).Good game-mechanics (walking and jumping feels too soft though - as if you´re constantly hovering).CONS:Story is unclear/esoteric and not very appealing.
,Recommended,293660,25847444,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Keita2204,This game is very amazing. its have many of puzzle you can got
,Recommended,293660,22090438,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,flurry,Okay
76561198013274120,Recommended,293660,12505007,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,redherring,"This one almost fell through the cracks. Glad I found it . Now on chapter 8 and I do not know how many chapters are left.  Challenging enough with very cool graphics and atmosphere. The music is nice and soothing but gets a bit repetetive through each chapter.  The mechanics of TRI building can sometimes be frustrating but I guess that add's to the challenge of puzzle solving. Great save system truly minimizes frustration that many new adventure games ignore.   If you like puzzles that make you think then I highly recommend. There is some hand holding but it it is vague, requiring you to think. There are also a few red herrings here and there.  No monsters to kill, no unrealistic tasks, no die and start from the beginning.....just thought requirements. The Devs did a nice game here and I rate highly."
,Recommended,293660,15117365,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"TRI: Of Friendship and Madness is an interesting platforming game. I like the Japanese feudal setting. The artstyle isn't my favorite, but that's just my opinion. When I bought this I guess I didn't realize that it was first person point of view. This can make the puzzles frustrating (jumping on beams and then falling to the floor only to have a long trek back to where you were). The camera isn't the best, so that also annoyed me when jumping. Overall, I like the game, but the point of view, and maybe combined with the controls made this challenging for me."
,Recommended,293660,13125092,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,(MX5) Panda,The Gameplay Is a Mix Of Mini Ninjas And Portal... I Mean I Like It Its A Twist So ... I Recomend it
,Recommended,293660,31372041,Posted: 26 April,all,SirBruceX,Being able to walk on the walls and ceiling is an unusually rewarding puzzle mechanic. Also brute forcing things is pretty fun.
76561198015496670,Recommended,293660,14961110,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Legato2400,This game is absolutely breathtaking for anyone to play. If you are looking for a game to teleport you to a new world then you came to the right place. Not only is this game about getting around with Triangls there are so many other mechanics that can change the whole pitcher. If you are a fan of Portal then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,293660,13201989,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,alakani,"Oh my goodness, quite possibly the best game ever.  I'll let you know when I'm done."
,Recommended,293660,13220315,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kiki Kalani,Has Foxes; Must buy!
,Recommended,293660,14985843,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dark Messiah,"If you like first person puzzle games, this one is pretty well made. It is a shame that it did not get so much coverage."
,Recommended,293660,30230662,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,Really interesting mechanic in this game. Great puzzles.
76561198004733788,Recommended,293660,25610195,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dr. Langstaff Dickerson,Now you're thinking with triangles. 10/10
76561198157201361,Recommended,293660,31355006,Posted: 25 April,all,Mineswee,I actually bought a new computer while I was playing this and just never got around to finishing it (its on the old hard drive) however I really liked what I had played I probably was about 3/4 the way through the game and the atmosphere and game mechanics were great I'll update this review when I get around to it again and beat it (the powers you get make you feel powerful)
,Recommended,293660,27573385,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tozy,"Nice action puzzler. Got it for 4 USD, I think. Enjoyed it even more."
,Recommended,293660,14946345,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Refurin,"I've not gotten close to finishing the game yet, but I can at least put in some first thoughts.Overall, it seems to be a really good first-person puzzle game. Expect to be confused, though.I'm not going to go over everything that's good about the game, that would take too long. Instead, I'll go over everything you might not like. Unless these things are enough to turn you off of a game, you should probably get it, if you seem interested.-The soundtrack is interesting. I really like it, but I'm not entirely sure everyone would.-I'm not a huge fan of the voice acting. It's passable, though, and there's not too much of it.-If you easily get motion sickness, be careful, things can get very disorienting sometimes, and it could probably make you sick if you're not okay with that.Other than these few things, the game is pretty great. And the mechanics are cool.If you're still not sure whether you want it, just wait for a sale or something."
,Not Recommended,293660,26616160,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hamakei,"The game annoyingly asks to you leave a review every single time you load it up. It's almost as bad as eBayers who email you 30 seconds after the end of the auction begging for positive feedback. So here you go.TRI is tedious. It has a really good premise, and it's quite pretty to look at, in a polygonal sort of way. The mechanic is an interesting one - the ability to create solid platforms on which you can stand to move yourself around the place. Unfortunately, that seems to be the only mechanic. Whereas in Portal the game introduces new ideas on a regular basis, this game seems to quickly run out of ideas and you spend 80% of your time doing the same thing - producing a series of overlapping triangles so you can move up a wall. Remember how towards the end of Portal 2 you had to climb up the shaft by repeatedly using the slingshot technique? Well, that's most of the game here. Many times I just got bored and closed the game because I was utterly fed up with doing exactly the same thing over and over and over and over again.It's a shame. This game had a lot of potential, but it suffers from far too much padding. And it's glitchy. The ""wall running"" code in particular seemed to hate me...I'd be walking along the wall from triangle to triangle, and suddenly the game would decide ""Nope. You're not doing that any more"", switch the gravity back to normal, and I'd fall all the way down and have to start again. It's inconsistent - most ""deaths"" in the game such as falling off the end of the map simply teleport you back to solid ground with no penalty. And then half way through the game, it starts introducing elements which CAN kill you, with no warning. Hope you remembered to save!In addition, the game has a Linux port. Now, normally this is cause for celebration as too few developers make the effort, so it should be applauded. However, it's been done in the second-laziest way possible (The laziest being to stick a WINE wrapper around it and call it a day). There IS a Linux version, but there's no support. I suffered a problem which meant the game wouldn't start, and when I asked for help, the developers replied ""Yeah...sorry. We don't actually know anything about Linux so we can't help. You should ask for a refund."". Given we have to pay the same for the game as Windows players, why should we have to provide our own tech support? I'm building up an increasingly large list of games in my inventory which have a Linux port, but they're broken and the developer either can't (""We no longer have access to the code"") or won't (they just ignore us) fix it. (Randal's Monday, Bit Dungeon II, Edna & Harvey - The Breakout, 6180 The Moon etc)) If you're lucky, they remove the Linux version from the store to stop other people making the same mistake, but that's no consolation to those of us who bought it first.As it happens, the game started working again...but I know that if I have the same problem, I'm on my own. It's dishonest and misleading to proudly claim to support Linux, but then just shrug when there are any issues. If you can't support and assist people then it shouldn't have been released,However, I don't think I'll be finishing it as the game is too boring. Sorry. I might come back to it in the future, but for now it's on the ""Can't be bothered to finish"" pile."
,Recommended,293660,25543103,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EELuminatus,This is Madness!- This is TRI!!!
,Recommended,293660,23799528,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Aaron Oldenburg,Nice atmosphere and music.
76561198131556816,Recommended,293660,22769805,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tasselli,i likes
,Recommended,293660,26667519,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,thatericguy,Great puzzle game. I love playing with gravity.
76561198111654939,Not Recommended,293660,31331081,Posted: 23 April,all,ospond,"I bought TRI after adding it to my wishlist upon seeing a review which said it was highly underrated. Unfortunately, in my playing it I could not say the same. The biggest problem with this game is not the puzzles, but everything else:- The narration is unbearably dry and uninteresting (contrast this was the witty humor of Portal that keeps you going, or the philosophical musings of The Talos Principle)- The music is quite obnoxious (in my opinion)- The graphics are simple geometric colored shapes (as you see in the video), unpleasant to view and navigateWhile I'd like to give the puzzles in the game another shot, I think everything else in the game makes this one a no.P.S. I also got quite frustrated with the puzzle's main mechanic, drawing a triangle by placing 3 points on the wall. The problem that this is too easy to exploit. Several times I was able to climb up some wall or corner by drawing triangle after triangle in an ad-hoc staircase that was obviously not intended by the game design. In this way you could solve many puzzles and get places you weren't supposed to, but it is not fun because you fall a lot and run into bugginess with the placement of triangles. The fact that it was possible at all frustrated me and made it harder to enjoy the puzzles (which didn't get very interesting in the time I played)."
76561198169383106,Not Recommended,293660,22507736,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kylah,"TL;DRits boring for meso far I am regretting spending my money on this, but I'll continue it and update my review if it gets any better.the graphics are basic and bland, the music isnt good, the voices sound bad. I have tolerance for game music, but this one I had to mute entirely. it costs a lot of money compared to other better games you can get for half the price. they tried to add story to it to make it more interesting, but honestly, it's just not catching me. It's time consuming and repetetive... you make triangles over and over again and it doesn't take a lot of thought."
,Not Recommended,293660,22332364,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Quadcricket,"Okay, so ignoring the horribly unoptimized Unity engine running at <30fps running Quake 2 levels of geometryAAAND ignoring having to modify the camera settings so you don't vomit everywhere...I couldn't finish this game.The story made no sense to me and I got sick of doing the same thing over and over again.I did like the music and the art style.But how much of ""Make a bunch of triangles to get to another room, possibly find a statue"" can one take?If the game were optimized or moved to an engine that ran sanely, if the story gave you a clear sense of purpose, and if there were some new mechanics like moving or teleportation triangles to keep things fresh this could have been a classic."
,Not Recommended,293660,23477498,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,enkryptor,"A game about jumping on platforms with mediocre controls and poor jump/climb mechanics. You will fall a lot, so developers implemented quick save-load feature. Every level has a timer (which encourages speedrunning) and a bunch of optional ""secret"" objectives. The game desperately try to recreate that fancy surreal feeling, but it's still too far away from titles like Antichamber or, say, Qbeh. The music is nice though."
76561198131486908,Recommended,293660,31198654,Posted: 17 April,all,LuFona,motion sickness  11/10
76561198087683299,Not Recommended,293660,24965208,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,storytime,"Decent voice acting, decent graphics, decent everything. Not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,293660,28782197,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wildgoosespeeder,"I like the idea of this game (Tag: The Power of Paintin its concept), but there are a few things that make it not very good. Keep in mind this is a Unity Engine game. I have trouble with these kind of games because I feel my machine isn't powerful enough to run it smoothly.Pros:Relaxing feel to it.Concept is interesting.Game isn't the worst Unity Engine game I have played. I got a decent 20-30FPS toning down all the graphical settings.Cons:Accidental deletion of triangles. Holding the button for a second or two would improve this situation.Controls feel floaty and sluggish. I've had better control in Source and Unreal Engine games, such as Portal 2 and Antichamber. I have accidently fallen many times. I've even fallen at weird angles jumping off the triangles when I wanted to!Hard to judge how to position the the triangles when climbing walls.Getting lost or stuck easily (progression of the level, not glitches).Wall and ceiling running messes with my sense of down. Tag had an indicator which way was down.The difficulty gets too hard too fast. I probably don't feel comfortable with the controls.Tediousness with completing the level and using the main mechanic. I thought this game would be a puzzle game rather than a collect-a-thon. A puzzle would entail limiting the number of triangles one can produce and being careful how you traverse the level.With these issues as they currently stand, I'm going to have to not recommend it. If the developers made the mechanic less tedious like Tag is, maybe the game would play better. To me, this game is a game that looks nice but has generic gameplay being aided by wall and ceiling walking. I really wish I could get a refund for this game after surpassing Valve's 2-hour limit. I didn't even beat TRI."
76561198065804203,Not Recommended,293660,24781280,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DALOS,"Probably 5 minuts in and I already said ""I'm not impressed"". Between the bad BAD voice acting and graphics that are both not simple enough to brong a minimalist look and not detailed enough to look realistic I couldn't last. It looked interesting from a distance though, havn't seen many games with this kind of theme. And the music was nice. But I can't recamend it."
76561198023019827,Recommended,293660,18690392,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: Very goodLikes:- Trying to find and collect all the golden idols is fun- Mostly relaxing, meditativeDislikes:- Creating triangles to reflect light beams and kami (trails of light) toward targets is tedious, annoying, and not fun.  It takes no skill and barely any thought; it is just trial and error.  Fortunately, this is really only an issue on the second-to-last and third-to-last levels.Comments:- If you don't try to collect the golden idols (optional objectives), the game world is pretty empty"
76561198061868716,Recommended,293660,13221659,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mathespian,"TRI: Of Friendship and Madness is an excellently realized but woefully little-known game. Early on, you get the ability to create triangular platforms on most surfaces in the game. This mechanic seems simple enough, but you quickly discover that it gives you far more power and mobility than you might have originally suspected.The true joy in this game comes not solely from the abilities you have, but in how the developers actuallyencourageyou to abuse them. They have strategically placed optional ""Super Secret"" foxes in locations that are completely off the beaten path. For instance, in trying to break the game I ended upclimbing out of a hole in the ceiling of one level,but the devs had anticipated me and I promptly found one of the golden foxes there. There is a fine line between clever secrets and arbitrary item-hiding. TRI manages to fall consistently into the former, making for a constantly surprising and wholly enjoyable experience."
76561198081100116,Recommended,293660,17748942,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,coolguy,"I think this is a creative experiance. It is unique and trys to be different and gets a lot of things right. However, i will say that towards the end, some puzzles start to become a bit vauge in their objectives, to the point where those of us without the power of clairvoyance may find a bit challenging."
,Recommended,293660,21892398,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Natty_ryal,"In my library of games i have gategory named ♥♥♥♥ yeah and this game really belongs to there. :DWhen writing this review i havent completed game but from what i have played i can say following:Amazing game with nice stylised graphics, nice audio, great mechanics added with mindbending atmosphere.If you like puzzles platform games and exploring levels, try this game out."
,Recommended,293660,21990546,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TheSeedsWeSow,Pros:Beautiful gameUnique mechanicsLots of foxesFun gamplayCons:Navigation with the triangles can be frustrating
76561198149881474,Recommended,293660,22070123,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,trentvh,"Ok, I'm BARELY going to recommend this game. And that's because it was more fun that it was frustrating crap-fest. But it *was* the 2nd part of that as well.Pros: Levels 1-13-  Very, very fun and challenging. Even level 13 which was pretty damn hard, but still doable and satisfying, and you at least knew which direction to head in. It took some work and thought, but I loved it and all preceeding levels.Cons: Levels 14 and probably 15.The light refracting mechanic- The light refracting mechanic is hyper micro-managing and not very fun. Cool idea, but in practice it was annoying.- Level 14 is one of the worst levels in any game I've ever played. It was completely convoluted, there was NO sense of where to go or what to do next, and there was a mechanic (yellow box) that straight up wasn't explained at all. I found the exit before I found any of the fox statues. In the end, I watched an almost complete walkthrough. If possible, I *never* look for hints or walkthroughs unless I really have to. It happens sometimes sure, but to resort to a full blown ""get me through this entire level"" type of thing? No. It shouldn't ever be that hard. I don't mind challenging - it makes it more satisfying in the end, but there's a huge line between hard and stupid. This level is stupid.- Level 15. I quit after the first puzzle. No, I quit during the first puzzle. It was obvious what to do, but doing it was incredibly annoying. After 14, I said no more.tl:dr- Most of the game is really fun and the puzzles are good. Last two levels can fornicate themselves with an iron rod."
,Recommended,293660,22047780,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Teriyakitoast,Now you're thinking with triangles!
76561198020843227,Recommended,293660,21939800,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,threeattic,"Love this game so much. My only criticism is the voice acting, which isn't terrible, but isn't great. Otherwise, it's gorgeous. The gameplay mechanic is reminiscient of Portal; like that puzzle game, the absence of weapons or enemies is a relief. Not that I don't love shooting at stuff, I just like my first-person platformers to let me focus on the puzzles rather than shooting at stuff. The story is definitely on the meditative side, by design. I love a dark and intense story, but this is a soothing change of pace. Just mythical foxes and magical triangles. It's exactly the kind of thing I'm always looking for -- surreal, atmospheric, puzzle-oriented, exploratory. I'm hooked."
,Recommended,293660,25280341,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Yolandi,"Nice looking puzzle game that is fun, but equally as frusterating in some parts.The art style is amazing, the story I didn't really pay attention to, and the levels are interesting and challenging.I recommend getting it on sale (I got it in a bundle), but if you can afford to spend then I think this is worth while."
,Recommended,293660,25110740,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hellishnoob,"Spent three sleepless nights, got red eyes, no regrets. Last chapters are mind-blowind.If you like 3D puzzles, this is a game for you. Good ol' box carrying and light bending plus the ability to control the gravity. All that walking on walls and ceilings made me pleasantly dizzy. Music is catchy and never boring. Awesome story. Wise design of achievements, got 40 out of 43 in a single run, then additional 3 in less than a half an hour, feels like the game is completed."
,Recommended,293660,25156693,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Punny Bunny,"TRI is fascinating and in its own realm of 3D puzzle games. Much like Portal and Antichamber, TRI forces your brain to work in ways that it...well, greatly resists. =)The best part of the game is thinking to yourself, ""I bet I can get there,"" and actually achieving that goal, regardless how silly. Frequently, you'll be rewarded with a hidden collectible and a special achievement for your ridiculous ideas and execution.Don't feel bad if you need occasional help to move along; a few of the puzzles (notably, the very last one on level 16) are utterly illogical and might bring a bit of frustration. The game in its entirety is worth experiencing, though, so push through the rough spots and enjoy its many moments of brilliance!"
76561198261160483,Recommended,293660,25065116,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ph.taylor97,"A great game, both while completing the main campaign or collecting the optional idols."
76561198128962064,Recommended,293660,25030461,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,koen,"Placing triangles to walk on walls and ceilings is incredibly fun. the music is nice and the artwork is unique. the monk is a really sarcastic guy with a weird voice which I personally think is very funny.the only problem I have with the game that you sometimes fall off traingles with no apparent reason. It can be very frustrating to try an walk on ceilings when there is little space available and you get yourself stuck between traingles. Also, why there has to be a level with blinding light, I do not understand. What fun is it to play a game where you can't see anything and tumble down because you can't see a thing all the time? this was only in one level so far, though."
,Recommended,293660,24735777,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,LC NOoSE IV,<3 Harvy
,Recommended,293660,24882156,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Excrubulent,"This game is dripping with style.  The moment I heard the first few sparse drumbeats over the opening logo animation, I had a feeling I was going to enjoy this game, and I haven't been disappointed.  Also, the music actually *continued into the menu screen* and built into a full song.  Super-slick, and a great first impression.  This game is polished and really well-presented, the whole way through.The minimalist art style works beautifully.  Ignore the guy who says it's not properly minimalist, it's consistent, and it gels with the rest of the game.  I think it's taken heavily from The Witness, and it works really well.  Even the hint mode that blooms out the entire screen to show you where your objectives are works with the aesthetic.  It feels like it belongs as part of the game universe.The voice-acting is the one subpar part of the game, I will admit that.  The guy who did it has this determined commitment to completely enunciate every single D and T in the entire script, and it makes it all sound very stilted.  It's a shame, because otherwise his deep voice would have worked perfectly with the character.  That said, the writing is good and the lines are entertaining even with the slightly awkward delivery.And once again, the music.  The music is absolutely fantastic.  It has a lot of elements of Australian aboriginal music, and the latest tracks I've been hearing have guitar sounds that are right out of a Tool album.Overall this game is as much about the experience as the puzzles.  I am seriously enjoying it, and I can see this being one of those games that even after I finish it I'll open it up every now and then just to play it through again."
76561198022784495,Recommended,293660,21939623,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Gans der Farmer,"This game is brilliant!It contained some of the most innovative and mind-blowing mechanics and puzzles I've encountered so far in my history of gaming. Not even Portal nor Antichamber made me love their puzzles and mechanics as much as TRI.The artstyle is beautiful, the soundtrack is enchanting, the puzzles are challenging and the level design is super creative!Definitely one of the best games I have stumbled upon in recent years!"
,Recommended,293660,26521287,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Onyxpectacle,"This game started off so strong - I loved the palatte, design and the idea. Plot is moot, but the environment was fun and engrossing - until the game stuck two fingers up at me an became so confusing and frustrating it became unplayable. It's a shame, could've been a fantastic surreal puzzler, ended up encouraging the player not to finish it.Reviewing up for the first couple of hours of fun."
,Recommended,293660,26807101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cartiez,Theres not a lot of games that let you smoothly walk up walls. A puzzle game that does so is pretty great.Reminds me of antichamber.
,Recommended,293660,24233163,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LonM,"TRI proposes an interesting game mechanic: Using triangles to navigate and 'solve' levels. You use the crosshairs of the screen to mark out the vertices of the triangle, and one is created, and whenever you step onto the triangle, it resets your gravity to be perpendicular to it.So far so good. This provides for some interesting puzzles and solutions. My one big problem is that the game can get very overwhelming.Once you get to the later levels they become so large and complex that, when coupled with the fact you're going to be leaving random triangles after you everywhere, makes it very easy to get lost and lose track of your goals.Also, I don't feel that the game offers much in terms of new game mechanics. It's pretty much triangles all the way down, which can get a bit much after you've played it for long enough.The music is actually very nice. The graphics are quite minimal [not minimalist] , with simple texturing, which is nice.So overall, I'm on the fence about this one. But you can see some effort has been put into making this, and if you're a die-hard puzzle fan, you may enjoy this."
,Recommended,293660,24190325,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,🅱,"Very good game, lots of fun! Gets the fish of greatness> (( ^ 3^"
