user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006723728,Recommended,293760,14913203,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Minsk and Boo,"20.6 hours played so far, so not all the reviews here are from long-time players.This game sounds like it's for dedicated petrol-heads, but it's great fun as a generic 'play with something complex and cool' game. Everything is explained with the best tutorials for any game, ever. Twiddling all the knobs and pushing all the buttons is fascinating and the well designed scenarios really mix it up well. Actually, everything in this game is well designed which is a rare treat.Major kudos to the devs and if they model the big bad world of fickle customers, predatory competitors (like me), gullible investors (hehehe) and irrational governments as well as they model fuel injection systems this will be an amazing game. Potentially 'all time classic' level amazing and I don't say that lightly.One warning, the minimum requirement to enjoy this game is some sense of curiosity, otherwise you may find yourself searching for the fire button.Would I recommend this game to a friend? Heck yes."
76561198097176804,Recommended,293760,19384866,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,akumazedex,"This is an awesome car building sim. If you  are a gear head like myself, youll love replicating cars and engines or even making your own. Would love to see more freedom on engine designs, particularly Turbochargers. I'd like to have more control on the size and a/r's. Superchargers would be nice and Rotaries would be awesome!10/10"
76561198002170706,Not Recommended,293760,30584454,Posted: 17 March,all,Aerodil,"So you're reading through reviews, looking to get an overall understanding of the quality and playability of the game.Well, this might be what you're looking for. I've had this game close to two years now, almost since the original release and I have been following its development and playing it for the majority of that time.As per review writing conventions, I'll do a well understood ""pros and cons"" list with my corresponding thoughts on each item.PROS-It is massively fun:This is a game being done by proper petrolheads. If you're the kind of person that loves cars and especially the technical aspects of engine building, adjusting suspension settings etc. you'll LOVE this game. At least until the euphoria passes, but more on that later.-Designing your own car:This is an aspect of gameplay that's remarkably underinvested in the gaming industry, given the popularity of cars and the sheer size of car lovers out there. Automation is perhaps the best car designer in the industry right now, period. Even if the graphics are utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and some of your inputs are visually invisible (like camber angle). However they are working on a port to the Unreal Engine and those issues will be taken care of.-Engine sounds:Revving a straight-6 that you've designed at full volume is awesome! Though they can become quite frustrating after a while because they're quite ""electronic"" and there's only one type of sound for each engine type. So you won't be getting that awesome V12 ""screech"" as one gets with a Ferrari or a Lamborghini for example. Only the ""growl"" of an Aston Martin. I also find the sound of a crossplane V8 uninspiring. It doesn't quite live up to what it is in reality.CONS-Development is spectacularly slow:This is a big one and it's my biggest issue with this game. In the two years that I had this game there has been almost no real ""real"" progress. Sure they've added some more engine configuration options and ""improved"" the UI, but the tycoon aspect of the game is atrocious. They have released a ""lite"" version of the tycoon gameplay in the past, however it's barely functional and it's hopelessly boring.-The development team is too small:This isn't a problem of the game per se, but it affects the game in a negative way. The above point is a direct result of this fact, they really need to find a way to get more resources and develop this game faster.-It's mostly just a car designer:The game is supposed to be a tycoon game however that's not what it is at the moment. As mentioned the ""lite tycoon"" mode is barely functional and hopelessly boring. There is no real sense of accomplishment. Basically all you can do is spend hours on end designing a beautiful looking and beautifully working car and then boot the game up every once in a while to longingly look at it. You cannot interact with your creations in any meaningful way. You can't race it, you can't see it being driven around, you can't do anything. This is a problem because the game goes to great lenghts to try and give you the tools to design a car that feels real, but then takes all your joy away by essentially only allowing you to just look at it. Which leads me to...-The car designer is useless:Don't get me wrong, as the game stands, this is the most fun -the only fun- aspect of the game. Heck, at this point this IS the whole game. However it is eventually meaningless because you cannot interact with it. The visual aspects of car design are there almost exclusively for your pleasure, meaning whether you put headlights or not for example is irrelevant to the game. And since you cannot do anything with your car -except see its sales on a spreadsheet- leads me to think; what's the point? Why do the developers give us these eye candies and work our expectations up, only to shatter them all, time after time when you're actually done with it? The car design aspect of the game feels like a car porn made solely for the developers' own deviant desires. It works up your deepest passions and then leaves you frustrated, never allowing you to reach climax. It's almost like a sexual domination act, except you never get to finish, so really, it's just torture.It's way overdone. They need to spend less resources on the designer and more on the tycoon aspect.-UI is atrocious:They simply need a proper artist who knows how to design a UI. I mean it is bad, it's just bad. the whole UI needs a redesign. Especially the market screen. That one is just a mashup of little boxes with numbers in them. It. Is. Terrible. One of the things that make the tycoon (lite) mode unplayable is the uncomprehensible and unintuitive UI. Seriously, it looks like a toddler designed it on MS Paint. Thiscannotbe the final look.-It's not optimised well:This shouldn't be a problem for you if you have a a high performance, custom built gaming rig. In fact it isn't really much of a problem even in medium spec computers. However it does tend to get these long freezes from time to time, especially while you're doing the actual physical look of the car. It would be understandable if the game looked like Project Cars, but it's not when it looks like a literal garbage can.-It has THE worst soundtrack, ever:This is really a nitpick since you can mute the music. However you CANNOT disable that hideous, repetitive, MIDI like guitar solo that plays while the game is booting up. ItWILLturn you into a murderous, bloody, axe-wielding mad men who is looking for the sweet relief of death through watching life slowly slip away from the eyes of his victims. It's not just me neither. This inability to mute music during boot up has been brought up in the forums a few times and the developers have stubbornly refused to give us that release. At this point I'm starting to think they are actively wanting to torture the player. The signs are there if you look hard enough.Also you can't race your cars. To be honest you can't even make race cars. I mean sure, you can make them ""look"" like a race car -more or less- but the devs said they're not going to implement such a thing. Which is a real crying shame. Can you imagine how awesome it would be if you could actually race cars -that you made- in multiplayer with your mates?In conclusion, this game will only appeal to you if you're a hardcore petrolhead. If you're anything less than that you are better off spending your money on something else. However even if you are a petrolhead, it will only keep you entertained for so long. The whole ""design a car and then just look at it"" thing gets real old real fast. Unreal Engine port should make it work and look a bit better, but with the pace of progress I've seen in the last two years, I'm guessing it won't be a complete game perhaps for another 5 years.I loved this game for a long time, but I cannot, in all honesty, recommend thatyouspend your hard-earned money on this game, at this time.Unless you think that this game might become playable within the next decade. Then I recommend you buy it now and save some sweet, sweet pennies (even dollars) through inflation."
76561198205228705,Recommended,293760,32349717,Posted: 11 June,all,PinballWizard79,"I managed to get hooked on this game fairly quickly. Though under development and containing the usual Alpha-eque problems, the game offers an admirably realistic series of design elements. The game isn't for everyone--it's a game of numbers, spreadsheets, and it requires quite a lot of thought.I'm not at liberty to name my employer IRL, but I can say I'm a test & QA engineer for an automaker in the United States and I've got to say that this game is very educational. There are a number of practical limitations that a sim must make for the sake of playability but nothing in the game is misrepresented. Design elements are heavily intertwined--cam selection, compression ratio, ignition timing and fuel mixture to name a few.On the campaign side, the supply / demand aspect is very well done. The best feature, in my opinion, of the supply and demand is that your own designs start to compete with one another, and that requires some very nuanced tweaking by the player to maximize profit in a very well-simulated, cyclic economy. The cyclic economy means that your marketing people can be wrong with their sales forecasts, which some will find off-putting, but purists will love--you have to deal with error. It is a game for tweakers. the forum is great--lots of contests and active developers.Disclaimers:This game is not for everyone--this is not ""minecraft meets GTA."" The focus is on design and saleability.It is early access, so it is quite buggy. Save often.I am an automotive engineer IRL, but this is *not* a paid endorsement, and I'm not affiliated with any of the development team for Automation."
76561197974231249,Recommended,293760,16096516,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,╣INDR╠ InFaMiA!,"Early access, no multiplayer or tycoon YET, but I love it! It's the best that could happen to any car enthusiast or frustrated car engineer/designer. The tutorials are SPOT ON! I wish this existed when I knew very little about cars, engines, management etc... but I'm hungry for more engines! I know in the future we will be able to build v12s v10s etc... but I want to see rotaries! Please! Anyway, hihgly recommended If you even think you like cars/automotion world."
76561197963360974,Recommended,293760,14862118,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nardman,"This is definitely an early access game. The interface is clunky, there are bugs, and there are unfinished sections of the game.With that out of the way, this game is fantastic! It's unlike anything else that I've played in the sim genre. I'd most relate it to Kerbal Space Program for cars. If you've ever wanted to learn how cars work, there is no better resource than this game. I'm already 8 hours in, and I haven't even scratched the surface yet!I can't wait until they toss in some more different engine configurations(only I4, I6, and V8 at the moment), and body styles, but I've already got my money's worth. I can't wait to watch this game develop!"
76561198078502968,Recommended,293760,22726774,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Debbie Harry,"My best selling car in 1985 is a lawnmower with 0.6 liter motor.It is poorly made,no radio,manual.But people would pay 15k$ for my car.BECAUSE IT SAVES GAS!I make over 50% of profit.My V8 fullsize sedan makes less than 150hp.10/10 for why Japs beat the crap out of Detroit."
,Recommended,293760,19300175,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,thecarlover,"Really fun as a car and engine designer! The campaign is not available yet, but some aspects already are (creating companies, catering to market segments), and I'm expecting even more enjoyment out of that when it's available."
,Recommended,293760,16210924,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kalja Kulaus Kaveri,"So, Automation. You ask: ""What is Automation?"" I answer: ""It's a game that will change the perspective of the universe we live in.""...No, wait, scratch that.Well, in Automation you build cars. And that's what I wanted to do since I was a little kid. I LOVE this game. You can build your dirt-cheap hatchback or your two-million-dollar luxury car that handles like a boat. You can design the cars' exterior and engine just like the way you want.Automation is a really solid game. It's actually pretty well polished regarding that it is an early access game. I've noticed some minor bugs here and there but there's actually not that many. The game still needs more content such as more car bodies, engine types and so on, but luckily there's going to be more.Updates come rarely, but luckily they're always big. And they're not just like ""Look, we got a new text box, how cool is that?"", no, there's always new content. (Actually having big updates more rarely is better than small updates frequently. In PAYDAY 2 there's an update every GODDAMN week!)The only bad side I can think of is that you can't actually drive your cars, but I understand it, as a driving model is hard to do with a 3 man dev team, and the game is about building cars, not driving them.To sum it up, the game maybe isn't worth the price of 27,99€ with this amount of content, but if you're even slightly into cars, I cannot do anything but recommend it."
,Recommended,293760,14944003,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Blaizen;,"I was skeptical about this game.I told myself it wasn't worth it...Within a few hours it was 2am and I found myself in-depth tuning an inline 4 for the best time around the Airport Track...20/10 would not sleep again.If it appeals to you, even a smidge, buy it.HOWEVER, one thing! Let me change the height of the spoilers ;)"
,Recommended,293760,27062556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UnhealthyTruth,"Managed to create a Pinto that didn't explode...and then I put a Turbo V12 in it...then it exploded5/7In all seriousness, Automation is a great 'build-a-car' ""sandbox"" as it is right now. If you are at all interested in car design you should give this game a look. While you will not get the same designability if you were to design the car in CAD or some other program, for a game (and it is a GAME, not a toolset) the options are numerous and your creativity is the real limitation. Seriously watch the vids (though they are of earlier builds and dont show everything available) and look the discourse forums for this game and see what people have built.You cannot drive the cars you build, that is not a planned feature and as far as I know right now not even a thought of devs. Its not this game's purpose, at all. If you want to drive cars I'd recommend Asseto Corsa. If you want to design and build cars then look no further. This game is one of kind and in a class of its own. There is only one game that I know of that even tries to do something similar and this game, IMHO, out classes that game at every level.The currently implemented Lite campaign is fine, but if you play a game to beat it then this might not be for you, right now. The game will have a full campaign with too many factors to go into, but there is currently no real end-game. If you can't sustain interest in something out of pure curiosity and creativity then this might not be the game you want.The game really shines is its sandbox mode. The base game has a good selection of starter parts and bodies that can allow you to get a good feel of piecing together you're own car. You can deform and the adjust various part of the carbodys in order to attain a shape that appeals to you the most. You then apply everything from headlights, taillights, and door handles with options hood-variations, vent and grille variations as well as exhaust types. Don't see what you like, there is a great catalog of modded pieces that add a huge amount of extra variety. New car bods, headlights, taillights, exhausts, hoods, handles, grilles and much more. The devs will sometimes add these parts to the games, but don't worry they havent allowed modders to take over piece development and are actively making more pieces of their own.The engine builder is a little confusing for people who know very little about cars, but its easy to catch on to whats happening. I3, I4, I6, V6, V8, V12 and more engines coming later. Pushrods, DAOHC, OHC, DOHC, MOHV with 3,4 and 5 valve options as well as VVT and VVL all available. Don't know what any of that is thats fine the game has helpful tooltips that explains most things which are all over the place in the game, just hover over the header and it'll explain whats going on. The tutorial section is also helpful here. Seriously the engine designer is vast and impressive.Then there are customization options for tranmission types, tire and rim sizes, brake types, aero adjustment, susupension adjustment. Soon enough you'll also be able to customize factory/production options such as how many are produced and how good that production is and more. B/c remember it is a tycoon game and once youre done designing you can see how your car would sell in the 3 fictional game regions being compared against other cars built by the devs and some community members.I could go on for a while about the great things this game does now, but I'd be here all day. The devs are always talking to the community about what is going on and what is coming. They have big updates every couple of months that often add several new large features. They are a very devoted small team who deserve a lot of praise. Seriously i've more than got my money's worth from the Alpha/Beta alone. If you've even the slightest interest please watch the vids on here and youtube then look up the forums because this game is honestly a great purchase. It has a great dev team, a great community and hours upon hours of creation possibilities as it is right now. The jump to UE4 can only make this game better.I cannot say enough positives about this game. After 400hrs I still find things that I'd like to go design or revisit. Seriously this game should be at the KSP success story level, but unfortunatly cars are not as glamours as rockets...and the game lacks explosions and we all know b*tches love explosions. (I owned KSP since alpha too)"
76561197984682288,Not Recommended,293760,24835513,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sgt. York,"UPDATE - 10-10-2016TL;DR- I do still enjoy the design and building aspects of the game, and the community has produced some great add-ons through the Steam Workshop, but I think the latest update adding the ""Lite Campaign Mode"" is actually a side step or, more accurately a downgrade.****Updated Review****I've been playing the Open Beta, which has just been pushed out to all Early Access customers. The ""Lite Campaign Mode"" is now available. This long awaited update is an improvement in some respects, but it's more confunding than anything.First thing I noticed is that the game loads MUCH faster than it used to. We're talking probably 3-4x faster loading than before. So, the dev team has been hard at work at refining efficienices. The music still plays while it's loading, even though I have it set off in the menus. Can't have it all, right?When the main menu loads, I noticed that Scenarios have been taken away, they now say In Developement. Well, now that Lite Campaign mode is here, I shouldn't need those any more... but it's a little odd to see functionality taken away. For those who don't have the game already, Scenarios was basically where you got a set of circumstances you had to design for and then you got scored based on how closely you matched or exceeded the circumstances. One I remember off the top of my head was to build a ""Generator"" for the Russian military in the engine designer. These scenarios were fixed (no random variety) and there was about a dozen of them, but there was replayability, as they were challenging enough that you had to work to get the platinum score.I head right for the Campaign button. I click on the Lite Campaign mode, and am immediately presented with a screen full of selections and sliders. The three countries you can choose from are right there at the top, and each one has it's own set of likes and dislikes. Write these preferences down because this information will only be available in a giant number-filled grid which is not a pleasing nor easy to read format.Next we have Company Tech. Seems self-explanatory, give yourself a head start in certain areas (or all areas), but apparently there's a limited number of points you can assign, which isn't explained anywhere, and when you adjust points up and down, and a points total at the top changes, but by adding the new point total by the old point total for some reason. You add one point in Drivetrain, there's one point added to the counter at the top. You add another point (totalling 2 in Drivetrain) and the counter at the top reads 3. Now you add a 3rd point, to drivetrain (I want to be really good at building drivetrains), and there's six points at the top. But, if I add 1 point to bottom end, it adds 1 point to the total at the top.. add a second, it adds 3 points to the top total... What? Why? How?Doesn't matter, don't care, I want to PLAY! I give myself 2 points in each category. Next is Team, where you select team members, I guess. It's not really explained. So I select six random people... But, I don't have to? I can run the factory single handed? Should I hire the ceramics expert? Well, I'm starting in 1946, so maybe? Did people use more ceramics back then? I'm not entirely sure.Next we have Cash & Competition, pretty self-explanatory, except the heading with ""Competition"" and then the $ sign. If you hover over the dollar sign, (which is the opposite of how most of the sliders in the game work, usually you hover over the slider, not the slider title) it says Competitor Car Markup Multipler. So, is that how much your competition marks up their cars? Is that how much higher you can markup the exact same car from your company versus your competition's? And this is represented as a straight number, 1.05 initially. Well, markup is usually a %.Still reading? I'm sorry. We just got the lite campaign setup, this isn't even the gameplay, but it hints at what's ahead. Finally, I give up guessing what all this is supposed to do, and just start.The next screen looks like the Sandbox screen. New Car, Revise Car, etc. Now I get to do my favorite part of this game, design a car and engine. Unfortunately, there is no additional help now that we're in campaign mode. There's no little inset window, or button you can click for a pop up to show how you're doing at hitting target categories. You just have to guess how to make the best Pony Budget, or Sport Budget, and can't tweak settings to see your changes affect it, without an unncessary amount of work.So, I design a car and engine, get pretty close to the targets I want to hit, then I have to build the car, right? Well, here we have more confusion. You can select from Small, Medium, and Large factories; easy enough. Now, do I want a size 1, 2, or 3? I don't know, it doesn't really elaborate any more on what each of them do. There's also no price attached to any of the choices. And no prices for any of the factory upgrades you can purchase.Factories are set up, I skip to when the car is ready to go into production (but I only get that dialog, if I step linearly through the game, that dialog never shows up if I go back and make a tweak to the car or its production). So, I run the production, and that's when I notice EVERY month is 30 days long... even February. I'm done.Camshaft software has done a great job creating a beautiful car and engine designer, but I think they're a little lost on creating the tycoon aspects. Maybe you guys should team up with the lone guy who's creating GearCity. His car/engine designer is nowhere near as sophisticated, but he's got all the Tycoon aspects down really well.*****Original Review Below******I love being able to design a car from the ground up, but that is all this game currently is, and all it has been in the year since I purchased it. It's supposed to be a tycoon game, but there are NO aspects of this yet. Updates are EXTREMELY slow. There hasn't been one since April, that I've noticed.Let me tell you what I HAVE noticed that's changed in the last year: V12's and V12 turbos. That's it. Nothing else from the devs. I paid $29.99 on July 11, 2015. That's a long time in Early Access, and a long time with so little content update. I'm still a fan of this game, but because of the long wait between updates and the lack of ANY tycoon elements, I can't recommend this. When/if this game ever nears completion I would be very happy to consider recommending it.For the gearheads: This game reminds me of those great drag racing games of the late 90's (NHRA/NIRA Drag Racing) where you can build motors and such. But, it is extremely unfinished, and is conspicuously lacking certain features. For instance, there are NO flat engines (boxer type), no Inline 8's (the game starts in the 40's.. c'mon!); you just have a generic slider to adjust camshaft profiles, which doesn't really reflect the nuances of adjusting duration, timing, etc. Does 100% mean a lumpy cam? Does that mean it doesn't run well on the bottom end?"
,Recommended,293760,19689246,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Christianspiller,Automation is a pretty unique game about designing cars and engines wich for some petrol heads is really cool.  The graphics is alright. The sounds are good. I have not met any bugs YET.The bad things: The engine types is fairly limited at the moment like there is not v12 and no rotary engines. No supercharger and you cant have turbo for all types of engines.But overall its a great game and i am sure that the devs will add more things in the future like the ones i complain about and they have also planned Multiplayer and CO-OP wich shows that the devs are caring about the game. i think the game is worth the asking price
,Recommended,293760,19886935,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Desgor,"Where do I start. Note, that this review is based on the current state of the game - 23. december, 2015.This is a long, philosophy filled review, for a short and quick one, scroll down.The idea for Automation seems just fine, as there's nothing similar to this game to current date. The game has been in development for quite a long time, and the pace for it goes snail-like. Don't mind my playtime, I didn't want to get over two hour mark, as I am still thinking, whether I really want to keep the game.I  have followed this for quite some time, and by follower, I mean, passive. I had played demo version to get the overall feel, and of course, at some point a pirated version, which allowed full access, appeared. Let's not dive in to this, cause it's more about the experience this offers.Development wise, there are huge plans for the future, but not actuall coverage or timelines beneath it, and let me explain why. Idea and gameplay, which Automation attempts to tackle, is for a very specific market of buyers - petrolheads and technical nerds. Don't get offended by this, as I am both of theese. Now, continuing on explaining, as I previously mentioned, the development is slow. Why? Because initially, it was developed by four people, and I assume, that this was/is their hobby right after their daily jobs. Quite recently there was an expansion in crew, and I hoped to see the new people accepted being programmers/scripters, not car modelers, as at some point and time, there's a plan to transfer the game to Unreal Engine.A game which delves this deep in an engineering process involved to produce working engines for cars requires serious R&D, as it is seen in overall gameplay it offers. That what's the problem?Engines consist of thousands of moving parts, and creating simulated versions where everything affects everthing is quite more difficult than producing precisely estimated engine from raw materials in real life. To be able to depict an engine and it's characteristics to at least a fraction of reality requres serious study, which becomes a problem, when so little people are involved in project like this, and, doing the simple math results in long development times.I tried to recreate one of my IRL car engine, which is a 1.6 Liter 4 banger from B5, and surprisingly, with a little tinkering, I came close to the actuall power figures and peak-power delivery. And yes, I used roughly the same materials, with whatever parameters they are coded, but when trying something like this, it becomes noticable, that certain aspects are missing, which probbably is a good thing, cause who the hell would want to enter precise camshaft profiles and what not.To add something, most modern cars are using ECU's. If something like that could be programmed in the game, and allowed people to tinker with ECU values, at least at basic level, would surely bring a huge difference, as pure, predefined metal parts would no longer be the only thing that makes power.TL;DRGood:The game delivers what it promises and is supposed to;Allows you to build an engine with simple yet hard to master tools;Tutorials explaining what everything does, so you have no need to be an engineer;Great educational material for people interested how stuff works;Basic car designer, with click-and-drag functionality;Very interesting at start, as ideas for engines and cars just plow your mind.Bad:Slow development;Basic visual representation with 3D models, which is subjected to change after transfering to UE, i.e., become more beautiful and, hopefully, sophisticated;Small team tackling huge project and idea;Low replay value after you have tried massive, huge displacement POOWEEER roaring, small displacement usable moon-reving, and lastly, econobox engines.-This would not coun't as a con, but it's not great either - the engine sounds. At the end of the day, all same confguration engines sound foggy. You can't make it sound like mean American Muscle, or crisp German high-reving V8. I hope this subjects to change.Summary:This product is rivaling it's genere between game and educational material. If this would take an educational route, and would be pushed further with techical details and every little asspect of engines, probbably, it would make it to school programs, I am sure.I still recomend this game, although, it's possible to try a demo version, to get the overall feel what everything is about, and basically, that's it, at least for now, until core functionality of tycoon is implented.Did they bite bigger than they could chew? In my opinion, probbably yes."
76561198302521522,Recommended,293760,22823051,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,calebgrey302,"this is pretty awesome recommend to every one ...to the creators ya need to get campaign going and def need rotarys ,diesel , and boxer engines too then this would be best thing ever made"
,Recommended,293760,15067404,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Just out for a rip are ya bud?,"One thing to start off is to note that this game is still under development so please give the developers a huge break. they are constantly working on it and will improve it. That being said, i expect it to be buggy, crash constantly and have many imcomplete features.My first impressions: wow, finally a game that someone gets me. i love building cars. as a kid i had dreams of one day having my own car company, one i can put my name on and triumph as an auto-manufacturer. kind of like way back when there was a man that started his own company called ""Tucker"" unfortunately he was crushed by the big three but the idea was that he was ahead of them with features we have today such as seatbelts. he was an innovator and was different from the rest. if i was to run my own car company i would specialize in being different then the ""sheeple"" cars that are quality, economically priced, fast, fun, exciting and safe.This game excited me so much i jumped over to the steam page immediately and purchased the game. i downloaded it and while downloading it i thought up cars to build, engines to design, what to call everything. even as far as what to call the engines that describes them with a codelike for an example; i have a honda civic and the engine code is D17A2. D-series, 1.7L, A2 (cylinder head - with SOHC VEC)mine is simple C4TE C-inital of last name, 4 - cylinder, T-Turbo, E-Economical (not crazy specs, for DD use)Playing the game: I was so excited to start the game. firing it up for the first time did not ease the excitement. I loaded the main menu and noted that there is Multiplayer comming and also a campain. at this point i am more excited to have that sandbox. no money limits, just plain fun. making engines, making my own custom vehicles.At the time of this review: I have currently been playing this game for 3 days now and have not lost interest yet. i look forward to future updates and more functionality and features.Things i would like to see:- actually driving my designs- more shells to mod- more things to add to the car such as more lights, maybe some body kits, more rims, window tint, customizable interior, license plate holders and such- more engine stuff; supercharger, maybe super and turbo charger together, twin for more then just v6 engines, v6 v10 v12 v14, inlines 3 5-12, rotary engines, W engines, Slant 6, FWD configurations- MOD SUPPORT- Vinyls for customization (even custom text and stuff)"
,Recommended,293760,32709774,Posted: 23 June,all,Nightfire37,"This game is exactly what I want in a car tycoon game. Freedom of engine building, car building, and a soon to play campain. I am extremely excited to see what future this game has.Even though I spend 100% of my time in the samdbox, i still find it fun to just build cars and engines. Can't wait for Boxer engines so I can have my Subaru company.I am extremely glad that the devs also switched to UE4 just because I know from a coding and development standpoint, it will make their lives easier. Keep up the good work guys.To a fellow Subaru and car nerd <3"
76561198026236139,Recommended,293760,16461433,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Regen752,"I've really enjoyed what I've played of car mechanic simulator 15, but I was looking around for something a little more in depth. I came across this and gave it a go.I set out to make an awesome muscle car with a powerful v8 engine. I'm not much of a car expert, but the tutorial videos explain every option in the design process very well. I enjoyed the explanation of RPM and torque, very australian.I gave it a standard 70's muscle car shape, Standard double circular headlights and the like. I went on to make the engine, was a fairly nice looking v8 with 32 valves. After a bunch of tweaking, I eventually got the engine to stop knocking and in a reasonable working order. Building the rest of the car was just as detailed, such as suspension, brakes, internal parts such as seats, safety features and so on.Finally I sent it to the test track. It basically did poorly in every category, except safety. It ultimately became the perfect overpriced car for a man to buy in a midlife crisis that knows nothing about cars, but is too safety conscious to buy a motorcycle. He wants to show off to his friends and neighbours with his new muscle car, but they are all actually laughing behind his back."
,Recommended,293760,25561089,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Unwatered,"A lot of people are saying that you shouldn't buy Automation because it isn't a ""game"", at least, not yet. But that's exactly why I think people should buy it earlier. Automation holds some broad concepts, and is able to implement them in a simple yet extensive way. Building a car is just a series of steps, and yet, at the same time, it's so much more than just ""a series of steps.""True, there's a vast amount of features that should (and hopefully will) be added, like a way to actually see your car in action. And diesel engines. But I believe that Automation, in its current state, is already an excellent sandbox and will only get better in the future. Why others are downvoting it for the very same reason is beyond me."
,Recommended,293760,23158574,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,slayersfunhouse,"tl/dr: Good game, very in-depth and accurate. Buggy and poor UI.Pros:- Endless content with workshop- Accurate in mechanics and physics involved- Videos show the basics of how parts work and why changes to a part effect the preformance- Can reproduce real cars with ease, down to tinny visual detailsCons:- Buggy UI- Poor ingame engine preformance- Poorly labled, ex. not explaning gear spaceing or tire types ( or the tool tip is cut off because of UI scaling )- Textures are crude, animations are off- graphs bug out ( graphs make up most of the game )Overall, Automation is a great game for not only a gearhead, but also as a education tool. Its simple, alowing for new players to learn fast, but still loads of content for those skilled in the automotive field. In 50 hours, ive not only use Automation to help explain automotive principles in classes, but also to recreate almost 120 of the most iconic cars in history. Its fun to play with and test ideas, but the game is buggy in its early release state and at the time of me writing this, its still only sandbox. Progression in development is slow, but i dont see the devs giving up on there project any time soon.7/10 ignedit: also forget great community, including reddit and workshop"
,Recommended,293760,20695331,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,astralhash,"Just wanted to leave my review for one of my favorite games I own. This game is very realistic and has taught me a hell of a lot about engines. I really appreciate the learning that has come with this game.One of my favorite parts about the game is that I can play the game at my own pace. This is the game I go to when I am really stressed out, as it lets me think, and take my time while I play. I enjoy a lot of other games, but when stressed I hate being rushed or pushed into a game, or having to ""keep up"" with the game.Highly recommended to people with anxiety."
,Recommended,293760,18531822,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lynx073,"As a car lover and someone interested in the physics, construction, and design of cars I feel like this game is made for me. Love the game as it is now and it jsut keeps getting better with updates about every few months."
76561198040529709,Not Recommended,293760,30674604,Posted: 22 March,all,KimbleTheDwarf,"Honestly I've had this game in my library for about 2 years, I Install it once in a while because honestly it just sounds so fun... but the issue is that it NEVER changes... some tweaks sure but the promises that were made at the beginning still seem years away... I competely understand that its an early access game... but the issue is that when you buy something early access you expect a year, maybe two... not 4-5 to get a fully functioning game.If you are looking to play the tycoon aspect as i was steer clear for now... I want to upvote but can't with the absolutely stunningly slow development."
76561198000415351,Recommended,293760,24543694,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,RB26DETT,"So, since the dawn of time mankind has dreamed of creating death boxes, in which people would be terrified and close to death. With this game you can actually build those, and shape them to look like cars. Unless you're good with the game, in which case you can create gorgeous, safe, fast, efficient automobiles. I enjoy the game at this stage, and the updates by the devs are constant and clearly visible (GO DEVS). The community is great (recommend forums for it), and as far as gaming experiences go, this is by far the friendliest and coolest community driven experience I've seen yet. The game is a base, the sharing and comparing the results in the forums is the real fun bit. I'd recommend this!"
76561198149132184,Recommended,293760,23244703,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sillyworld,"If you like the technical side of cars, or you have ever dream of designing your own car, this is your game. Currently only the sandbox mode is operational, and it still lacks a lot of content, but even so, the game is extremely good. I've been playing it for a year and I haven't be bored with it.The devs are some of people more committed to their job that I've known,Also the community is pretty great, and if you get bored designing cars or runing your fictional company (in your mind) and want something more, you can go to the official forum and enter any of the challanges!Would buy again10/10"
,Recommended,293760,29334250,Posted: 18 January,all,Daniel,9/10All it needs are superchargers
76561198043979013,Recommended,293760,19059981,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,GearheadLydia,"This was a game where, after playing it for a few hours, it immediately became one of my favorites; moreover, I paid the full price for it ($30USD as of writing this) and don't regret that in the slightest either.Let's start with one thing up-front: If you're looking for a game where you can drive your creations personally, well, that's not really what this game is about; on-screen rendered vehicle physics isn't a feature of the game. (It is a ton of fun to send your cars on the 'test track', though.)This game absolutely shines for what it is meant to do - let you make a fantasy car company, complete with fine-tuning the engines for economy or performance or both. It focuses on the very satisfying kind of multi-dimensional optimization problems that come with tweaking each model for the best marketability in a segment.My complaints about this game pretty much only center around the things that are either not finished or can be easily modded in. There are some decades where you run out of contemporary body styles, for example; and flat-four, flat-six, V12, and V10 engines would be great. That said, for what this game is, there really isn't anything major missing. Plus, I can't wait for the ""tycoon"" side of this game to start happening (although I tend to lose in money-management settings).One other note: The graphics look amazing while still being able to run easily on my PC. The Lua side of things can be a little shaky in terms of stability, but compared to a particular car-building game from 2003 that I've sunk even more time into (it's not on Steam), it's immensely better.(Edited to add: V12s were added in an update to the game, and I'd be remiss not to mention that mods cover the question of additional body styles.)"
,Recommended,293760,29056982,Posted: 6 January,all,Kaiser_Randall,"I've made a few engines that mirror real life ones, and I have to say they get very acurate results in game to what they'd be like in real life. I've copied the exact CC, bore and valve size, and camshaft, and ended up with an engine that got the same HP, MPG, Torque, and speed that the real one got. I have to say this game is spot on accurate. 10/10 game, would reccomend to any petrol head."
,Recommended,293760,19133611,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,marcelbreuning,"I absolutely love the idea of this Car Tycoon game. It works pretty good too, but there's a few things that I think should be noted:There is a lot of emphasis on the engine, while there rest of the components of the car are pretty much ignored. Makers of the game are obviously engine geeks, which isn't bad but I'd like to see more detail in the rest of the components. The design part is very limited. Basically all you do is start with a basic design, push and pull a little here and there (which almost always makes it uglier) and attack fixtures such as lights and doorhandlesm grilles and spoilers. Thats very limited for creative car design, but I'm sure the programming here is not easy.I am very curious to see the tycoon part of the game come to life; For now it's not much fun, gets boring in a hurry, but the tycoon part hopefully makes this about smart design choices and smart management stragegies more than getting an engine to run right."
,Recommended,293760,15124635,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Frozen...,"I can spend so much time just doing what ever i want in this game, I love this game"
76561198051136047,Recommended,293760,18389673,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"This is probably one of the coolest games I've ever played on Steam. If you have any interest in cars or engines, you should already own this game, man. Get it."
,Recommended,293760,18031155,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,"Automation is a must own for petrolheads over there. It is still in early development and lacks many features but you can still have hours and hours of fun playing it. In its current state you are only able to create cars and engines, so if you are looking for the tycoon part of the game might be better to wait. Still there is plenty of good things to point right now.- The game offers amazing tutorials, you will definitely learn something about cars and engines in the end of the day. The tutorials will help you a lot in the process of making your car, absolutely no need to be an expert. There is plenty of them but they are all worth watching, they are explained in a very didactic way.- Lots and lots of parts. There is no other game that lets you build a car like automation, while the visual parts of the car lacks features compared to games like NFSU (however you can download more parts through the workshop), the mechanical part is unmatched, from engine blocks to suspensions. You will be able to create a good all around car, or a car for just a specific use. You are able to create cars from 1940 to 2015- Mod support, the workshop offers many more customizations. Car bodies, headlights, hoods, spoilers, handles, rims, etc. This helps the game to grow more and more.- Competent developers. You are able to reach them and ask questions about the upcoming features very easily. Game updates are not being rushed and they are taking their time to polish before the release.- Complete UI. The graphs, numbers and stats of your car are all shown, so you can easily adjust something to reach the desired end of your car."
12312321111321231,Recommended,293760,34766646,Posted: 5 September,all,Beef Stew,"I love this game and all of it's features.I'd like to have more engine varieties however (Wankel, Boxster, W, etc.)Many, many hours of fun regardlessGreat job with this game!"
,Recommended,293760,15653408,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,IceCold,"This game is an early access game for sure.No tycoon, yet or multiplayer, yet. But for some strange reason I like this game. I review this game from a perspective where I knew very little about cars. I could only tell you about a few thing but now I actually feel as if I know a little bitabout cars.For instance I had no clue how a turbo charger worked but know I have a good knowing of what happens inside the snail shaped pace machine. My friends, who don’t care or know anything about cars, hate this game because they ask why you can’t drive or use the tycoon. I try to explain to them that I want to support these types of games, I like these types of game and the more funds you or me give the faster you will get these features much eagerly awaited.Once this game gets updated then it will be a premier game. Until then I will be waiting patiently for updates. This game has a long way to go but if more and more people invest things will constantly improve.This game is fun and educational and that is a category I have never been fortunate enough to play until now. That is why I recommend this game to the people who know nothing or everything about cars to learn something and enjoy at the same time."
,Recommended,293760,29536417,Posted: 28 January,all,I am Larsen,"1. Builds up a giant car emperium.2. Designs the car of the century, with a sport version that fit extremely well to a dozen categoroes of byers.3. Has economy problems and bails out just days before going bankrupt.4. Has a second, giant economy fall, losing a billion in just months.5. Goes bankrupt.6. Car of the century never gets produced.7. Has midlife crisis.8. Starts new company.10/10 would have a midlife crisis agin."
,Recommended,293760,15280597,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Silenzio,"My first impression was very good. I loved the idea, I built few models and I got bored, hated the limitation on shaping the body. Then went back, started tweaking the engines and I became addicted to perfect them.+ Innovative, Entertaining and Fun+ Informative and Realistic+ Sandbox with many possibilities to try-  Body shaping limitations-  Nothing to compare what you made with (another car or a standard)-  I dreamed that I could drive the car on the test track (that would be cool)* Suggestion proper versioning system, undo/redo or change history would be nice (In many cases I tuned the engine and could go back)* Note the game still in Early AccessConclusion, based on what available features of the game until now.If you are interested in cars and engines this is a very good early access game. I hope it would be perfect with the official release."
,Recommended,293760,15087155,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aladdin,"I've always been frustrated that there was never a true ""Car-Building Simulator"" on the market. Being an engineering student I’ve always been intrigued by well put together simulation games. Several days ago I was looking around to see if any games had recently released that would peak my interest and to my luck I came across this gem.  Even in this stage of the games development this early access version seamlessly incorporates the engineering aspects of car manufacturing, with a strong focus on the engine itself. I've always been an automobile enthusiast, so this game naturally came to my attention, but initially I was worried that I would struggle to play through the game as I was not very experienced with the terminology and internals of automobile engines.Automation was very presentable and surprisingly helpful as I started off. As I progressed in the pursuit of the perfect car the game gave me insightful videos that explained and simplified each aspect of the motor, as well as proper detail on the external parts of the vehicle itself. Obviously not being a final release the team still has work to finish but it seems like they consistently update the game, which is great. Despite not being close to a final cut, the first day that I purchased this game I nearly spent 6 hours just simply fine tuning my machine to my desire. Honestly I could only imagine what the upcoming updates will bring. Hopefully in the future we can come to see more car design options, as well as more in-depth car customization, and more engine customization and detail. Though the future looks bright for this game and I hope that the developers continue to work hard towards delivering a fantastic product!I wonder if there is a suggestion board that I could potentially give ideas on?"
,Recommended,293760,26334520,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Boonga,"It's been 3 days and I've already racked up a solid 30 hours. So immersive especially on first play. The amount of crazy car builds and engine builds you can do in sandbox are ridiculous. And the engines are surprisingly realistic. I've created mock ups of both friends cars and my own and the dyno graphs are quite accurate to real life figures.Your car creations in both sandbox and career mode are rated on comfort, drivability, smoothness, etc. and you can see relatively accurate 0-100 figures (based on power:weight, grip, wheelspin, gearing, etc.), top speeds (based on aerodynamics, gearing, etc.), fuel economy (aerodynamics, engine efficiency, weight, driving wheels, transmission, etc.) which are really interesting. They even look relatively accurate. Although some of the sportiness, offroad, etc. ratings are sometimes out, they still provide a good rating system and encourage you not to just chuck the biggest engine in the smallest car you can find.Career mode is overwhelmingly complex and immersive, even if it still is in development. You get to determine the sizes of factories, the amount of shifts and quality control anad you get target markets for different areas. People will also buy based on reputation and the career mode can start any time between like the 30s or 40s to the current day, with engine technologies and consumer markets based around those time periods. It offers a new level of depth and involvment for when I eventually get bored of sandbox.Yes the game has a few bugs. But the developers have worked really well on both ironing them out and delivering new content. You really see the commitment from the devs in this game. The bugs aren't game destroying either, they are minor hiccups that occasionally occur if you run the game for too long.All in all, it is definitely worth my $30 for the amount of hours I am going to get out of it. For any car fan or engine nut, this game provides plenty of entertainment. 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198093262215,Recommended,293760,20105734,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,jstnlilley0,"For a simulation of the whole R&D process for an automobile, this is surprisingly accurate.  Especially the engine design area, which takes me back to my R&D days.  The pros/cons of this early access are.Pros:1. Extremely detailed build section2. The engine development section.Cons:1. limited engine types. (V12, V10, wankle, diesel, etc).2. turbo charger types limited (also unable to develop your own).Recommendations:1. Would enjoy a turbo design section. (variable/set vane diffusion, adjustable a/r, etc).2. Would enjoy making a decision between diesel/gasoline. (as a possible dlc).Overall for an early access game it is surprisingly sound.  From my perspective the developers see quality and attempt to attain it before they let an update out to the community.  I recommend this game to all of my freinds. I will be expectantly watching this games direction of development."
,Recommended,293760,32788926,Posted: 25 June,all,Eric.Schaeffer,"Realistic physics.The engines behave like they would do in reality.I was always waiting for a game like this. Now there is one that ist actually really good. To play, you should know a little bit about engines and their construction. If you got a basic knowledge, you can learn much from the in-game tutorials. Through this game I learned how engines react to different inputs in the matter of power. I´d like to see quad turbos and turbos with over 45 psi.Tribute to the programmers and everyone else, who is working on the game."
76561197975055336,Recommended,293760,20858468,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GroovySauce,"First off this is based on the Early Access experience I've had. So there are a few bugs that pop up and there is a lot of content still in the pipe line.I really enjoy a good tycoon game (there is no tycoon part implemented yet). I'm a big car fan. So I figured I would give this a shot.I'm pleasantly surprised at how the game plays and how enjoyable it is.There is a really good tutorial system which is complete enough to get you up to speed. With the tutorials and the in game feedback you should up and running designing engines and cars.This game is really in depth. the first car you design if you watch all the tutorials along the way will take well over an hour.After you have designed 2 or 3 cars you can crank one out in a few minutes and then if you want spend over an hour tweaking it to exactly how you the the car to be.  I really enjoy shaving a few seconds off the cars lap time and seeing how much faster I can get it to go around the track.I'm really impressed with now well they mimic real life into a simulation. Take a real world car and make it in Automation, You get close to the same HP, MPG top speed, 0-60 and other benchmarks as the real world counterpart.The engine designer scenarios are a lot of fun. Make an engine within certain guidelines sounds easy. Some of the scenarios are really easy others are down right brutal as it states in the scenario.Complete car designer scenarios are a bit trickier if not more rewarding at the end.If you are into simulation games and like cars I would give it a go."
,Not Recommended,293760,33127578,Posted: 2 July,all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,"It would be a great tycoon game, but will not be finished for the next 10 years."
76561198030389875,Recommended,293760,18768841,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JohnnyQ,terrific game! hope it gets completed though
,Recommended,293760,34710823,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr.Rothwell,"I've had this in my libary for a long time and felt now that the latest update upgrading to the Unreal4 engine warranted a review. This has such potential to be awesome, currently even just designing cars and in particular engines is great fun but once they add the campaign mode it will be superb.It is of course a niche title and not to everyones tastes and some mechanical knowledge is needed although the game does explain things quite well. Looks great, the sounds are pretty decent and it's interesting and entertaining.It's still in beta so don't expect a finished product nor a finished product anytime soon there is a long road yet to do but it's still something I find myself coming back to and tinkering with."
76561198306050360,Recommended,293760,29215383,Posted: 12 January,all,Flowey,"This game has exceeded my expectations in every way. First, it is early access, which usually means that this is filled with horrendous bugs. It has crashed once since I bought it from last week. It's still fine though. The car designing part and the engine sound simulation is incredible. I've heard that they are even porting it to UE 4 which is going to make this even better, Wow! The best thing is that the steam workshop is filled with mods and really, really helps to make the game the best. So... Conclusion? Buy it. Do it."
,Recommended,293760,15043264,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bony Boprano,"Currently, as I write this review, I have logged 1.7 hours into Automation.And I do not regret any single second of that time.I have purchased a few early-access games over the last few months, and for the most part, I've been disappointed.  Lack of content, polish, or just a general lack of interest in playing them again.  I can already tell that Automation is not going to be one of those games, and I am extremely excited for what the future holds for this game.As it stands at the time of this review, Automation is fleshed out pretty well.  The graphics are decent, and the engines look beautiful.  In terms of car aesthetics, there is some left to be desired.  There aren't exactly a lot of options, however, there's enough to work with to keep you coming back.  The engines are just outrageously beautiful.Scenario mode is quite a lot of fun, if not somewhat challenging (that's not a bad thing).  But my real interest lies in Sandbox mode.  When I was younger, me and one of my best friends were obsessed with cars.  We created a fake brand name, drew up ideas for models and specifications.  I had forgotten about all of that up until now: and it's simply amazing to see some of the ideas we had become rendered in three-dimension.I will admit that there is a ton of tutorials, some of which are kind of grueling to watch.  However, it's more or less a necessity, and you can learn quite a lot about automobiles from them, so if you're not mechanically inclined, it's an educational experience.In terms of realism and simulation?  Well, this game pretty much gets it to a T.  It's extraordinarily accurate.  To test it out, I built a car based on an actual one: specifically, a 1998 Ford Crown Victoria.  Surprisingly, one of the models looked quite like the real car, so I chose it and made it look aesthetically similar to the real one.  Then, the real meat of the simulation: recreating the engine.  I won't go into all the heavy detail, so to save some time, I'll sum it up: I chose the V8 engine, selected the actual parts, crank, cam, the correct ratios, etc., all based on the real car.  When it all came out in the wash during the testing process, I was shocked at how dead-on accurate the engine audio sounded (I own the same car in real life).  My virtual Crown Victoria ended up rating at 202 HP and 268 ft. lbs. of torque (as opposed to 200 and 275, respectively, from actual factory specifications).  I couldn't believe it.In short, if you have any interest in cars whatsoever, buy this game right now.  I haven't encountered any bugs, but the game has crashed once.  It can only get better from here, which is what excites me.I'll probably come back and edit this after the next two modes are released, but I'm sure I'll have nothing more than positive words."
,Recommended,293760,27256828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yondu the Ravager,"I simply cannot find anything negative about this game. If you aren't trying to successfully run your automotive company in the Lite Campaign, you're in the Sandbox building unimaginable cars and powerful engines. The workshop community is top rated, pumping out new material almost daily. You'll never run out of new cars to build, new engines to throw a rod in. Automation is not just for the strict gearhead. The massive tutorials and YouTube video support can get even the most rookie person in the game, and building and understanding aspects of the car and engines. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,293760,23114225,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BigTrucker UK#1,very good game cant wait for the campaign side
76561198048118467,Recommended,293760,21514588,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Senor Sloth,"Great game I'm a real car guy and love working on my own cars/trucks all the time. This game gives you the opportunity to build a car, truck or SUV from the ground up I especially enjoy the engine design which is quite in depth. If you are a car guy/girl this game is definitly for you the developers are always releasing new updates with more toys to play with and the game as it stands is quite enjoyable already. Can't wait for what more updates bring!"
76561198164238339,Recommended,293760,16434735,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bite my patty,"This game is fun here's where the game stands for now:- No campaign- No multiplayer- Awesome Car design- Awesome Engine design- Educative Tutorials (even if you knew nothing at all about cars, they could teach everything... literally)- Scenarios are challenging and add flesh to the Early Access- The Devs keep the audience up to date very often- The game is making great progress- This game has been given love and care and will have a bright future (unlike other games *cough* ubisoft multiplayer*cough*)- It doesn't need an amazing computer to run on very good graphics- Attention to detail is stunningQuestion that matters: Is this game worth the price?Yes at this moment if:- You are a petrolhead- You like cars- You like engines- You want to make your own carsPS: My friend bought this game and is ""horrible"" at car designs, and was at ease with the game. Loves it.To whom do I not recoment this game?- People who are not fans of sandbox (not worth to pour full price for scenarios only)"
76561198030115021,Recommended,293760,32114880,Posted: 1 June,all,Supa Hot Fire,"It's great for the niche market of people interested in cars and tycoons. 70% about cars; 30% about business. Buggy as hell and forever in early access, but I love it."
76561198030283393,Not Recommended,293760,30560181,Posted: 16 March,all,Pumpkin_PotatoSlayer,"Looks like a good game... however, it crashed about 4 times in 3 hours. Each time it crashed, I lost the work I made on my car. Kind of annoying to have to start over all the time.After playing more, I can tell you that you can expect a crash once every hour."
76561198203155685,Not Recommended,293760,30579284,Posted: 17 March,all,CrispyPotato,Seems like a good idea but doesnt run very well i cant go on for more than 30 min with out it crashing.  Sometimes it crashes within two minutes somtimes 30. Tried for a refund but was not aware that i could get one untill recentley sadley its too late ive had  the game for too long.
76561198168797861,Recommended,293760,23292284,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BigBlackNerd,"I was going to make one of those Wall O' Text reviews, but I decided against it.Why you should buy this game:You love cars.You want to learn about cars.You love dedicated and honest developers that are deeply involved in the community.You love building things - if you like KSP, you'll love this.Why you shouldn't:???Buy this game.Also, the soundtrack is pretty great.And lastly, even in this game's unfinished state, I could easily sink a thousand hours into it."
76561198307876195,Recommended,293760,24304984,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DaNGR BNANA,its an amazing game just missing a few things like v10 and superchargerss
76561198059676196,Recommended,293760,29395697,Posted: 21 January,all,TheCableGuy,"Amazing concept, the level of depth in the design of a new vehicle is phenominal, needs a few tweaks here and there but this is only the beta, the developer(s) are all over it, they're on YouTube with playthroughs and updates, they're active in the discussion boards. I have both versions, the steam and stand alone versions. This game is well worth the price and time. It's only going to get better."
,Recommended,293760,30071429,Posted: 20 February,all,VintageDrose,"I delayed buying this game for several months.  I purchased it after I saw the developers making regular updates and lite campaign mode.  Within the first 5 minutes of this game, I made what I wished the laferrari engine was.  A 3 liter twin turbo V12, 900 HP demon spawn that revved to the moon.  The interface is easy to use, there's always helpful tips (maybe 14:1 compression is a bit high?), and lite campaign shows promise despite glitches.  I was able to make 20 billion after a few tries.  Anxiously awaiting the unreal engine graphics update!"
,Recommended,293760,28756592,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BuffyTheCampfireSlayer,"love cars? you'll love this game! sandbox is amazing, campaign is good and is only getting better."
76561197987131269,Recommended,293760,14937204,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Stingerkay,"This is the first review I've ever written for a game simply because this game and the small team makeing it fully deserve it.-If you like cars at all or games about them, you will love this game.-The tutorials are fantastic, and every aspect of the engine and car designing process has a small extremely educational tutorial video along with it.-I played for 5 straight hours once the download finished. I wanted to make the perfect 122 CI 4 cylinder tuner car.-BUY THIS GAME"
76561198219594167,Recommended,293760,31961408,Posted: 25 May,all,cthomp48,"I love this game! I've been playing for a while now, and although it doesn't say I put in a whole lot of hours, due to some technical issues with my PC for a little while, I'm having a blast!I've always wanted a game that would allow me to buid and design both engines and cars, and I could spend so many more hours on the engine building side of things! It very much appeases my inner car nerd!Keep the great work coming you guys! Can't wait for the UE4 update!"
,Recommended,293760,26007524,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TravioliTravioli,"I got this at least a year ago on a whim and decided to wait until the tycoon part started to flesh out to write a review. When I originally got this the only engine options were L4s and V8s and a pretty good selection of cars to sandbox with. At the time of this review there are L3,4, and 6s, and v6,8 and 12s. L4&6 turbos and V6,8, and 12 twin turbos as well. Campaign is now in the ""Lite"" stage where they're fixing bugs and finalizing the competition and calcuations, which is very fun by itself. The vehicles have become much more varied and there is a very active workshop community uploading new vehicles and body pieces at least twice a week. I play this at least 6 days a week and still haven't gotten bored of it, the content and updates just keep coming with new stuff to expirement and I love it. I had at first thought it was going to be similar to gearhead garage (man I miss that game) in it's final stage, and I'll admit I bought it hoping it would be a spiritual sequel, but it's in a section by itself with car games to me. This is THE car game for tinkerers and mechanics, the freedom is practically endless (want to make a 15 liter v8 and put it in a compact pickup for science? Do it) and the boundaries expand every other day. I'm hoping they eventually add diesels and L5s but for now I have more than enough to play around with and have no doubts that I'll still be playing it at this time next year, with diesels and L5s."
,Recommended,293760,26178714,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[Supra] an65001,"Having so much fun with this game. Yes it has its bugs, but the devs are working to their maximum to iron them out. The Lite Campaign is quite nice, and I can't wait for new features to arrive. And it's always fun building insane (and stupid) cars in sandbox mode too."
76561198179621994,Recommended,293760,29508805,Posted: 26 January,all,GCurnutt,"Just Another Reason to Buy This GameNote: This review is more focused on the soundtrack and aesthetics of the game.Automation - The Car Company Tycoon Game has the most immersive and high quality soundtrack ever. Hands down. If you like cars, soundtracks, and the other reviews are convincing to you, don't hesitate to buy this.Automation has exactly 25 tracks, 1 for the menu, and 24 for the game. Each decade has three tracks. Each track sets the mood for the decade.The soundtrack of the game is unlike any other game has to offer. Not only does it sound nice, but it makes up half of the game as well.Sure, you could design a car in the late 50s during the golden age of the American automobile, but designing your land-barge would not feel the same without the music.The same goes for the 70s. You will be facing the fast approaching fuel crisis of 1973. What's better than something to give the game that emotion? Music.The sound of the 90s also makes its way into the game, starting with grunge rock, followed by some more rock, and then, you guessed it, more rock. The final ominous track echoes through the end of the 90s to break the fourth wall and let in the nostalgia for the 90s rock, and foreshadowing the financial crisis to come.This soundtrack is the pinnacle of musical art. If you want to hear a sample from it, you can here:https://youtu.be/n3yv_MabU6QI will provide a list of tracks that you will hear ingame, in chronological order:List of Tracks by Year1.    Automation Theme2.    The Mask                  (1941)3.    Swing                        (1944)4.    Jazz Cafe                  (1947)5.    Swing Picker             (1954)6.    Looking Forward       (1955)7.    Rockabilly                 (1958)8.    Surfin'                       (1960)9.    Keep Calm                (1964)10.  Carter                        (1967)11.  Highway                    (1970)12.  Horizon                     (1973)13.  Defiance                    (1978)14.  B/W Concrete           (1980)15.  Autronic                    (1984)16.  Ride the Edge           (1987)17.  Cones                        (1992)18.  Throttle                     (1994)19.  Blurry Mirage            (1998)20.  Northern Flight         (2001)21.  Unstoppable              (2004)22.  Mass Space               (2009)23.  Endgame                   (2010)24.  Fracture                     (2015)25.  Ascend                      (2019)You won't be dissapointed."
76561198001437843,Recommended,293760,24148169,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,^2{CAP}^5Lemon,"*********(Warning) This product is addicting, but better for you than crack or Red Heads...********So I hate Early Access games...  They are like presidential campaign promises, rarely ever fulfilled and usually forgotten after a couple years...  That being said, the folks making this game have put a hell of a lot of work into what it is right now, and are putting even more work into making it better...IT IS WHAT AN EARLY ACCESS GAME SHOULD BE...As of right now it is not a full featured game, actually it's oddly not even a game at all just a car design tool simple enough for anyone to use, but well rounded enough not seem, well i'll just use the same old settings...The game aspect, as of now,  comes from setting goals for yourself.There seems to be a really awesome community forming up on the automation game forums and while I've never done any of them there are regular competitions to design the uber car for whatever segment...Pretty much everything on the steam page holds true.  The tycoon aspect is barely there.  The car design tools are pretty awesome, and right now they are trying to move it all to the Unreal engine.System requirments, right now as I can't speak to future ont he unreal engine, aren't supper stressful.  I can play it on my Surface III with integrated graphics and an Atom processor witht he graphics set to low.I have put oddly 506 hours into this game, mostly just goofing around while watching tv relaxing.  I've filled my stable multiple times only to delete them all and start over again looking for that perfect car company.  I litterally catch myself planning out ideas for cars in my head when I should be doing other things.I recomend it if you want to just relax and make cool fictional cars or try to recreat real cars to some extent within the parameters fo the game... If you want a tycoon game, it'es not there YET..."
76561198143105256,Recommended,293760,29378652,Posted: 20 January,all,martins.plume28,"Solid 5/7If honest, I am not much of a review guy, but this game is amazing. At the state it currently is, it is amongst most often played by me and it only gets better. I think when it comes out on UE4 I will probably spend most of my free time, limited as it is playing the game, it is that good.Let's just put it this way, if someone said I have only one game I can play until the end of my life it would be either this - which is unfinished game, with limited content or Civilization V with all DLCS. If they continue on and finish it the way I imagine it will be then CIV5 would be no contestor.ProsPetrolhead heaven, highly realistic, precise, intersting, broad, awesome community, great forum, for few people working on it --> very good customer care etc. etc. It is worth more than it costs here.ConsAdictive, the updates come slower than You wished, but again I have to go back to pros, they deliver quality over rushed products, which puts me back to pros, this is really quality content."
76561198166930197,Recommended,293760,26164636,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SpiderjumpMC,"If you're really into cars and are somewhat confident with what makes a car work (or even if you're not, try the tutorials), I would 100% recommend this game.If you're anything like me, you've drawn your own cars before, and have imagined making your own and selling them. Automation basically lets you do this, allowing you to design every single part of your car, from the body, chassis and cosmetic design, to the engine configuration, cam profile and compression ratio.Here are some of the pros and cons:+ Infinite possibilties. Family cars, muscle cars, sports cars, luxury cars, hyper cars, pickups...+ You have to ability to custom design your car to your liking.+ The latest feature, the Lite Campaign, allows you to get a taste of what the final game will be like. Create your own company, precisely choose your starting conditions (starting cash, engineers, competitor markups, etc.) then play through from 1946 to 2020 building whatever cars you want, while researching new technologies and trying not to bankrupt yourself by building a full carbon fibre 3-door hatchback with a 50hp 12L V12.+ An active, kind and helpful community.+ Hundreds of mods to download from the Steam workshop to add to the design potential.+ The developers are constantly updating users with what the next updates will include, when they will arrive and what will and will not make it into the final game, all via the official Automation page and the official Automation YouTube channel- Poorly optimized currently, however, this is due to change with the port over to the Unreal 4 engine sometime around Christmas this year.- The game is not yet finished, meaning the full extent of the final games content (Boxers, V16's, I2's, I5's, I8's, Diesels, etc.) is not yet implemented, however there is still tens of hours of fun (I've currently played over 200 hours and plan to play even more still).- Difficult for people who don't have an atleast moderately detailed knowledge of how a car works (specifically the engine), however this can be learned relatively quickly.Overall, Automation is a brilliant game and I highly recommend it.In its current state, I would give it a 9/10, however be aware that this is likely to change (for the better) with the final release, coming sometime mid-late 2017."
,Recommended,293760,26585143,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BWR31 // ๖ۣۜPizda Lover,"Hey guys,It's a great game and for what it is now it has some serious options you can do in it.The thing u do is: pick a model for the car, make it your own, do some serious detailing in accesories and drivability. Then you make the enigne, model it the way you like (going from inline-4 to V-12), put it in the car and you're done. It's easy, but that makes it accesable to everyone, even people who don't have anything to do with cars and designing. There are even tutorials that explain the goal of parts inside the engine. It's great fun!Though it needs some updates (extra engines and detailed possibilities), but it's really nice and takes you further into engine and car design than any other game would do.This game can make it very far because of its possibilities (in the game itself and the upcoming updates)I recommend it to every car/design fan!Cheers mates ;)"
76561198044209205,Recommended,293760,16536218,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shadowstep87,I love this game just a few things i would like to see1. a 1/4 mile track would be cool to have your cars run on2. being able to paint the car in diffrent areas3. maybe some vinyl decals4. v10 v12 a boxer 4 and 6 and maybe a striaght 5 would be cool too :Dthank you for making this game it is wonderful and makes me feel like im really building a car :D
,Recommended,293760,18195391,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,khohn2727,"I bought this game on a hunch because it looked pretty decent. When I first loaded into the game, my brain exploded with awe and joy as I created the most badass car I could think of. I love this game with all my heart and will continue to support this game. I only have 26 hours in this game but that will definitely change when my Firebird gets up and running. Automation, you've won my heart."
76561198225214820,Recommended,293760,16731036,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,robb.oates,Awesome game hope the devs focus some more on more things to make your car unique and id love to see some tycoon elements soon even if its small still would get me pumped for the full realise of the tycoon part of it hope they have big ideas for it because cant be called it a tycoon game and ending up ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but looking at what they have done so far i think its going to be awesome.7/10    above average would be more its just that i cant be giving a tycoon game a 10 with no tycoon elements haha.(i recommend buying this game early just to go through the little missions it really helps and play around in sandbox ive learnt so much about cars from the game just hope the devs dont ♥♥♥♥ off with the money before finishing haha)
76561198116690550,Recommended,293760,34542758,Posted: 27 August,all,ANTEK PKI,473 hours wasted in this game. A good waste of time
,Recommended,293760,26041065,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,吃鞋带,"If you like designing cars and engine, buy it, although it's not a complete version and there are tons of bugs.(can't save more than two variants, LUA errors, etc.)  I still believe that it has protential to be a good game."
76561198027431716,Recommended,293760,26079654,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,rolfejr,This game is pretty nice. I haven't really tried the campaign mode but LOVE the sandbox mode. I just like tinkering with ideas on engines and cars to see what I can do. It seems very accurate from what I can tell. I made a truck with a V8 with the same specs as my truck's V8 Hemi and had very accurate performance results. The people who made this game really put some thought and effort into the details of this game. Highly recommend and can't wait to see more development on this game!
,Recommended,293760,32184662,Posted: 4 June,all,MrMiyagi,"There is simply nothing else quite like this. The careful, steady and regular development of this game is a really encouraging. It may be slow, but this is a very good kind of slow: with the great attention to the finest detail, I can only conclude that they'd make sure it's right, rather than push something out quickly. Kudos to game devs who are perfectionists! :) The attention to detail in simulating realistic engines, suspension systems, and more is amazing. On the flip side, for creative players, this game has an entirely different side to it, where you get to enjoy altering the shape and looks of your car, and your cars look truly realistic.  This is clearly a work of great passion for these devs, and it shows.  As the game player, it makes me want to crack open automotive engineering books so I can figure out what on Earth to do with suspension systems and tires. I have NO idea what I'm doing there, but this game makes me want to learn something I never thought I'd need to know."
,Recommended,293760,35109697,Posted: 21 September,all,Hobbes,"If you are willing to put up with a bit of a learning curve, the car designer is a ton of fun. Now, if you are interested primarily in the tycoon aspect I would advise against purchasing the game at this time. The tycoon isn't in the UE4 version, and the Kee engine version is only a lite version. However, if you are into a sim of a car designer then enjoy."
,Recommended,293760,15012283,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lt. BadApples,All I can say about this game is after 18 hours of playing senarios and building engines is I have fallen in love with where this is going. The engine creator is really top notch and allows you to really get involved with the mechanics. Great internal views of the rotating parts as well as the valvetrain that you really cannot find anywhere. Sure the game is limited at this point but this really has a lot of potential to be amazing. Cannot wait for new engines and the supercharger to be put in the game. Keep up the awesome work!
76561198069074069,Recommended,293760,30854717,Posted: 31 March,all,Cool-K,"Look at the time i have clocked in.although it is not for everyone, and the learning curve is a bit steep. but if you like the mechanical workings of cars enough. it's really good."
76561198259352218,Recommended,293760,31703761,Posted: 12 May,all,Yan,A great game from the team.The engine sound is so real and the details is so clear.I learned much about cars in this game and this makes me more interested in automotive and this game.Thank you for making such a great game.
,Recommended,293760,33251807,Posted: 4 July,all,uuh i don't know,Good game for making cars and engines. 10/10 would play again.
76561198034569804,Recommended,293760,14993905,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,xXSFCShAdOwXx,I've been holding back on this review for a little bit just to get more in depth with the game mechanics.I know nothing about fuel mixture or cam profile but the mechanics of this game are the best i've seen in a tycoon game (no tycoon as of writing this) so far. I have had the game crash on me about 30 times since Monday with 3 hours played but it's in early access so what do you expect?I was brought to my attention to this game in 2013 when my favourite YouTuber played it and now i can finally play it myself as i've been waiting for the Steam version to come out.Hope to see this game develop overtime with less bugs :P
76561198107016243,Not Recommended,293760,34326846,Posted: 18 August,all,Joe Franks?,"Great game, however why does it say ""**NEW UPDATE**The ""Lite Campaign"" simple Tycoon mode has now been released!"" in the about the game and why is the lite campaign still not available in UE4 and instead we hear about progress with translations, engine scenarios and number of car bodies?! Nobody cares about translations for now, engine scenarios has not much to do with a tycoon game and car bodies is something to focus on at the end once the main game is in place... In the end of the day the game is still advertised as ""Automation - The Car Company Tycoon Game"", where is the tycoon aspect?!Surely it was a lot of work porting the game and it looks great on UE4, good work on that, but please get all the features back in! I bought the game for the Tycoon aspect and I am not at all bothered about the sandbox part and I do not want to play on the kee version because it has not had any meaningful updates in a long time.For now I will have to stick to negative and I will re-review once I see some large tycoon updates.TO ANYONE LOOKING TO BUY THIS>>> DO NOT, NOT AT THE CURRENT STATE!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,293760,25975794,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Robdangerous,"Undoubtedly, this is an early access game and needs a lot of work. However, it's painfully apparent that the developer behind this isn't capable of creating a good UI to house the game's many, many functions. The bugs and crashes I can deal with - I get it. It's early access. But at some point the community needs to be able to voice its opinion and say ""You know what? You're not really delivering like you should."""
76561198016062461,Not Recommended,293760,34043400,Posted: 5 August,all,Sinister,"I want to like this game.  Unfortunately, it has actually gone backwards on playability while gaining a new UI.  This was my first ever game I purchased under the Early Access Game banner about 18 months ago, thinking I would have it playable within a year TOPS and now I stay away from those all together. The game doesn't have any tycoon in it at this point, and when it did it was lame and I couldn't play. This game has potential, just not until it is actually completed.  This game is more in alpha status than EAG IMO. My recommendation is save your money unless you are looking to pay to be a part time tester.  And don't let the # of hours played by me fool you, this game would stay open in the background while I did other things on another computer."
,Recommended,293760,30195585,Posted: 26 February,all,TrueGeneral99,"After playing around with the sandbox mode i think this game is totally worth the price, it is an exelllent game (Both fun and educational) it teaches you about the internal combustion engine and the components within it. I feel even after only playing for a couple of hours, my knowledge of engines has dramatically increased! the only issue i have (which i cannot fix) is that the game has no sound, i do not know if this is a common bug at the moment but it does hinder the gameplay as you cannot hear the engine (which would be nice). Overall this game is very solid with only a few bugs (but this is still early access so that is to be expected). anyone who likes engines and car design should buy this. The only improvments i could see for this game is letting the user drive the car they have built as this would give a much better idea of how the car handles, brakes and accelerates (as opposed to a positive or negative values for the oversteer/understeer etc.) and in turn this would make the car easier to set up as you would have a first hand point experience of the car. I would also like to see more engine types such as rotarys or the ability to make hybrids (like the Mclaren P1 etc. or the Toyota Prius). if i had to rate this game out of ten it would be an 8/10."
,Recommended,293760,18105041,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,abdullahh.zahran,An Excellent game even in its alpha/beta form. Highly Recommended!!
,Recommended,293760,15637266,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,revalation,"Realy enjoying playing this game , the detail is amazing. im not a car game nut but i enjoy tycoon games and the way you can build a truly custom engine and change its materials and looks is brilliant would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,293760,17056824,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Flyderay,really good 10/10
,Recommended,293760,18171098,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,Goods:Make your own car factory and design uniqe carsBads:If you download anything from the workshop it will destroy the game. I had to reinstall it.Not many things in the game yet. It is getting there though
76561198182373683,Recommended,293760,21241831,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Zeron,This game teaches people about engines. I recommend this game cause it is fun and meet all the challenges of producing a car. I think AutoMation will be a part of a real car designer's tool instead of a game after it have been fully done.
,Recommended,293760,26510422,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ysu,"(this is a review based on the open beta stage)This is a really good game!Even at this current stage it's a lot of fun, although the edges are clearly unpolished, features are missing, keep that in mind.But the current state is fairly bug-free and you get a glimpse into the magnificent complexity of the auto industry.If you like building cars, trying to make them suitable for certain markets, you'll have fun.Be warned though: the business management is not the big part of the game.  Most of the time you'll build cars, and often fail to get the best results. :)Still, I love the game, please keep up the good work, gents."
,Recommended,293760,18242859,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,CaptainD00M,Always fun making a 500.000 $ carbon fiber hatchback
,Recommended,293760,22396831,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Nik.,Like cars? do yourself a favor and get this game. The only downsides is that updates don't come quick enough.
76561198092331457,Recommended,293760,23550079,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pigdog,"I have been following this game for almost 3 years.Long before all you internet babies existed I found a little software called CarTest. It was basically a software where more than 1000 cars' features and specs existed and you could run them on any track and see what difference a few more HP or 100kg less weight did. It was the year 2000. Fast forward to 2013 I made a little research on google for something similar. The results gave me automation. It was probably the beginning of the project but at least they had a demo where you could make a 4 cylinder engine and play on it. So that summer me and my cousin played around it and tried to beat each other with some restrictions and goal. I had my eyes on it since then. So a few months ago I purchased this product and I must say I was very disappointed at the beginning because the game wouldn't save my cars. Yesterday with the help of (probably killrob) Automation guys through youtube comments I finally did a little trick and the game is without buggies right now. They say it will be imported to UE4 or something which I don't care. I am more about specs, stats and information. If you are a guy who is really into cars but not ""oh yeah GTR is so cool"" level but ""how to lose the oversteer without losing the sportiness"" this is for you."
,Recommended,293760,26801705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrChappy [tFP],This game may seem rough around the edges but if you have a love for cars and engines its great. The upcoming port over to UE4 looks amazing and im more than happy I supported this game at this stage.
76561197977892146,Recommended,293760,31986220,Posted: 26 May,all,M6Hurricane,"They just totally reprogrammed this game into Unreal Engine 4, much like how Toyota totally re-designed the LFA into carbon fiber. New meta achieved.But seriously, the UE4in betahas made a gigantic difference. Give this game another look now and as the updeates start to roll out."
76561198344237934,Recommended,293760,32069795,Posted: 30 May,all,Kspeher,"Great Game. Love that you can build your own car although I would like to have the abilty to actually drive, even if only around the test track. As I see that Multiplayer is coming I would like to have some races against other self made car.Cons: The car desinger (chasis) work well for alpha although if you try to put on lights,handels,more than one radiator,badge it does get laggy and slow. This could also be that, im running an low end laptop i7 and dated GPU. But still I does need improvement on the preformance side of things. Some things look unsharp as seeing them trough water if you know what I mean.Pros: The engine desinger works great and is fun to play around with. The World Markets in the game work well for alpha. But could use some interface improvement, as of right now easy to lose sight of things.What I would like to see in the future:1.Multiplayer2.More Engines +Rotary3.Diffrent wheel designs (white walls)4.Better preformance"
76561198107676327,Recommended,293760,14933132,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mexican Chaos,"This is my first game review on steam. The reason for that is because out of all the games i have purchased on steam, this is the first one i believe is worth a review. It's not even just the fact that i love cars that makes this game amazing, it the puzzle factor that allows you learn through trial and error.Amazing game and its not even finished!P.S. i was given my first car and blew it up while adding turbos..... would do it again"
76561198238084418,Recommended,293760,20343363,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,jethrowm2465,"wow, im very impressed with the amount of effort and knowledge put into this. I mean dont get me wrong it still has a ways to go yet smoothing out roughness and adding in features, but i sincerly believe that if this product keeps on the road its on that it will turn out to be truly innovative not only for the tycoon genre, but in intricacy of all simulation games. Keep it up guys great product!"
,Recommended,293760,20260316,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,✇✇DodgeViperACR16✇✇,"AutoMation.While not finished, is the perfect game for engine engineering. This game really is perfect if you want to learn how to make a good engine, from a good power band to making the engine strong enough to handle the power.Honestly if the developers added in EcoBoost and Multi-Air then this would be completly perfect for testing out engines for yourself.Now, you can do body stuff, you could make a Miata rival or a altered Corvette. The only thing is, the bodies are preset.So you can't really make a body from scratch. So if you want to make something totally unseen you can't make a new body, you have to choose an existing one.But that's not a bad thing, because this game does have workshop.In short, I absolutely recommend this game for the Car Girl/Guy who wants to know what it's like to own a Car Company."
,Recommended,293760,16712965,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Eleven 9/11's,"I dont really know what Else to compare this game to. The depth of Design and the formulas and data that can create real time Demonstration engines and Aerodynamics makes me Weak at the Knees.I am often kept awake at night thinking what It would be like to put a 1.6 Litre V8 into a Mid Mounted Car. This game Allows me to live that and see the Insane Cost Involved in creating such a ridiculous Endevour.This game does an Amazing job of Conveying over 60 years worth of Mechanical and Aerodynamic Statistics into a Simulated formula. I cant wait for further Updates!I REALLLY hope Functionality with Beam.NG is combined so I can Export my Cars and Engines. Beam Looks BEAUTIFUL, and being able to combine these two worlds of Design and Simulation would be an Amazing New step in Simulation and Driving Games."
,Not Recommended,293760,20341533,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JimboHostetler,"First of all I want to say I love this game and I have a ton of respect for it and the game developers.BUT in it's current state I can not recommend it.  Since the unreal engine port I am experiencing crashes about every 10 minutes.  The game is making great improvements in content but seems to be taking steps backwards in stability, as with every path this game seems to crash more and more frequently.I have a lot of faith in the developers, and I hope that I can change this review someday soon at a time when I can play the game without constant crash interruptions."
76561198043524665,Recommended,293760,26823653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,Really promising game over all. it crashes sometimes but its still in early access so thats kinda what you expect.
,Recommended,293760,26054690,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Comrade Ivan,"Automation, if you are at the store page you must certainly like cars, this game is probably the best game of its genre ive ever seen, even if its still in early access. i have bought this game as soon as i saw the possibilites in the game itself, and with the almost daily growing Workshop page on steam, there will always be something new to put and fit together, if you are into building a car and engine of your very own likings, this is THE game i will recommend you, 10/10."
76561198000574093,Recommended,293760,29976384,Posted: 16 February,all,Trippingghost,a game i thought had car driving with carbuilding in it but its just a simuation with no driving at all kinda didnt see that when i got itbut eh still fun spend 2 hours making a really inefficent engine that had a  power band in the 7000 rpm range and had high max speed at the cost of♥♥♥♥♥♥acceliration. that is pretty addictiong to make a enigne as dumb as possible.
,Recommended,293760,30623201,Posted: 19 March,all,Mr. 6507,"At the moment, this game is very much unfinished. What it does have is a very nice sandbox car building engine, a bunch of engine and car building scenarios, and a bare bones career mode. The scenarios and the career mode leave much to be desired in the way of user communication, as creating certain cars changes percentages on a seemingly massive scale of car and truck types.Currently, the devs are working on porting the game from a small engine with little support to Unreal, so the game should look much more polished then, and allow for car driving and fancier campaigns. At the moment, if you're looking for a cool engine building sandbox, this is worth a look at, but I would suggest downloading the demo and playing that until the game engine gets ported.Dev updates usually come out monthly or every two weeks, so the game is far from dead, just in stasis."
,Recommended,293760,16041676,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Parabolic Enigma,"If you have any interest in cars, you owe it to yourself to pick up this game, even in its currently unfinished state.  I've read other reviews that say the game has little value after you've completed the tutorials. I disagree. My friends and I will set arbitrary parameters in sandbox mode and compete to see who can create the best car. Most Torque or Most Hp in a given chassis is fun, but so is competing for MPG or fastest lap time with specific hp/torque limits.I don't know if the Devs read these reviews but I would like to see in game infrastructure to do this sort of thing with friends or the community. Weekly/Monthly Build Challenges and Leader boards would be awesome.It's already a fantastic game, I can't wait to see where it goes. A refreshing gem in the pit of mediocrity that is PC gaming."
76561198001975056,Recommended,293760,14954954,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Wolf-of-War,If you love cars and are a bit of a greese monkey this is the game for you!!!!I cant wait till its fully finnished as this game as so much potential.
76561198081648246,Recommended,293760,16048539,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Rooster250,As a trade qualified technician (mechanic) and car enthusiast i love this game. i got onto this game from my tafe teacher while still in my apprenticeship and im stoked to see it hit steam. always fun trying to squeeze one more horsepower out of the motors without them blowing up.. the whole technical aspect of the game is spot on. increasing bore size and stroke works like real life in regards to torgue output and rpm capabilities. the tutorials are great for people that dont know much about cars and engines to learn a bit and i think its a good learning tool for every young tuner or apprentice. all in all big thumbs up i hope it gets finished and doesnt stay in EA like so many others do and for thirty odd bucks the stuff you will learn is worth it to me! and cmon where else can you use a dyno in a game! EPIC!
,Not Recommended,293760,29994020,Posted: 17 February,all,benmcfc1,"Really nice game concept with solid mechanics, but I get a stupid number of error messages, crashes and just plain bugs for what I paid. Stay away unless it's on sale or more developed down the line. Yes it's early access but if you're charging £22 for something then you really should have a stable version of it. Performance is also weird, although it's not a game where it really matters I was often dropping down to ~20 FPS on my desktop"
,Not Recommended,293760,31614257,Posted: 7 May,all,Sporkmonger,"I really wanted to like this game. I tend to like games that get into the nitty-gritty stuff. But it's buggy, the UI is really rough, it crashes a lot, and it's surprisingly hard to produce a car that sells even 1 unit, much less profitably. For the time investment of setting up a car production line, only to discover that there's no market for the car you've built because somehow it ended up in a different class from the one you intended is really frustrating. This literally happened to me 3x in a row even though I knew it was an issue by the second time around. This game also really needed to be built on top of a more mainstream game engine as well. If they had simply gone w/ Unity, this would have been a much, much less clunky game. I know it's still early access, but I honestly don't think I'll bother with this once it gets officially released.In a nutshell, if you can't provide even one moment of fun in the first 2 hours of gameplay, there's a problem."
76561198030495875,Not Recommended,293760,34469099,Posted: 24 August,all,Lawdog1615,"Still needs a ton of work. Frequent crashes, error messages and most of the main content is still not available.  Also, there doesn't seem to be much of a point to shaping the car and placing the lights, badges and grille on it.  The only thing it seems to effect is the cooling capacity.  For the devs, the optimum Air:Fuel ratio on an actual gasoline engine is 14.7:1.I hope this game continues to evolve because it could be awesome!"
,Not Recommended,293760,32491439,Posted: 16 June,all,Oliv3r,I wanted to like this game. I really did. I did because I spent $30 on this game and it is so damn hard to follow. The UI is horrible and gets really confusing. If this game sold for $15 it would be worth it but for $30 it is overpriced.
76561198010775114,Not Recommended,293760,34583773,Posted: 29 August,all,Grizz,"This is a high price for an early access game in the first place. This is the price of a finished game in my opinion. Yet I was so intruiged I went ahead and paid that price YEARS ago. Now there is the ""oh we don't want to break our promises"" talk. Well there are a lot of one man teams this group could learn from. They manage just fine, by not over reeaching. They make great games that rely on great gameplay. This game is a total fumble, that has just simply run out of gas. If they can finish the work they are doing, with the sales they generate here, FROM THE MERITS OF THE GAME ITSELF, this can be a game with an insane amount of depth and detail. MY advice to the devs is to stop with the details NOW, smooth what you got, make sure the main systems that were promised are in and working well, and then do your bug testing. You are already being greedy. This oh we don't have enough money stuff is a matter of bad budgeting on your part."
,Recommended,293760,23712772,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Iluvpugs,i think that this game is good but i paid $30 for it wich is a lot and i understand that it is early access but it takes a while to load in overall its a VERY VERY good game but i think it could use some work on the loading in time
76561198096739540,Recommended,293760,16939815,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,[HHA] [Tandem] ElectroBolt,Fantastic game for people who love engines and cars so i highly recomend this if you are a car Enthusiast. 100/100 KEEP IT COMING! ;)
,Recommended,293760,30603125,Posted: 18 March,all,Sparkling Berry Juice,Very fun and detailed but it crashes quite often. I reccommend it anyway.
,Recommended,293760,16918547,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,♛Zynoah♛,"Fun game if you are a petrolhead like me, and can waste a few hours designing a car, fitting an engine in the car and testing it on a speedway!.Game contains a lot of learning atm so no problem for a newb to start making an engine, but understanding why the angle on CAM's and turbo works together would take a few minutes to understand ;) heheFun game as i said, i look foreward to this game getting into a ""finished game"" with driving and more details!"
,Recommended,293760,16859272,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Another one of those games where not many know about it.Automation. You can make yourself anything from your average $15,000 clunker just to get around and make the bucks, or go all out and make a super-luxurious automobile to rake in those celebs.Work out your shape of the vehicle, choose where grilles go, lights, decals, etcetera and then work your way up choosing chassis materiel, engine bay orientation, suspension type. My favourite is definetly the engine tuning, where you create your engine starting with the engine block and its materiel to the size of a turbo or tuning of the compression ratio.If you see me on this, I'm most definetly limiter-bashing the crap outta my Daihatsu-inspired inline 4 cyl. Engine. Because, why not?"
,Recommended,293760,17401068,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,govai 82-99,6.3/1.6
76561197971034525,Not Recommended,293760,24111706,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The Great Dane,"Not as much to do as I hoped especially for the price to pay, It was far more ""early access"" than I expected from what I had seen. Im sure it will be great later down the line but not right now"
76561198185342599,Recommended,293760,24744706,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,zAiko,Good game but it needs to e finished soon
,Recommended,293760,31589728,Posted: 6 May,all,Omicron777,great game after about 150 cars it gets boring i have 220 or something cars
76561198027675738,Recommended,293760,15279410,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,SpeedUAE,Excellent Game!
76561198065224663,Recommended,293760,26368195,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Swag King Kong,"Very fun gsmr for any car enthusiast. As features are added the game gets better,"
,Recommended,293760,30225973,Posted: 27 February,all,Dastardly Dab Daddy,"I can only build turbo cars for some reason, please fix this."
76561198003801741,Recommended,293760,14867824,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,call_of_lunacy,"So far I like what I see, there is a lot of attention to detail, and I've even learned a few things about engine performance I didn't fully understand before. There is a lot of advanced subject matter in this game about what an engine does and how it performes under stress that not everyone may understand but they do a very good job of explaining the concepts behind them. The graphics are the best for what the car looks like when you make it, I would personally prefer some more functionality in paint designs and lighting effects, but I understand that's not the intent of the game, I can play Forza 5 for making pretty looking cars. This is more about the fundamental aspects of what a car is for and how much it costs to produce and why a company would want to make this car and think people will buy it. Imagine you are taking over Ford, how would you change the mustang, the focus, or their trucks? how would you make sure people wanted to buy them?TL;DR lots of science, and economics, and you get to be in control of every aspect of car design and production."
,Recommended,293760,14867285,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,angerydad.jpeg,"All I have to say is YES. This game is a concept that I've wanted too see for a long time, it fills the void that CMS 2014 creates with it's lack of deep automotive science. I jump on here for like 30min at a time in it's current state and build a motor or two, and so far it's provided nothing but entertianment to me. Whether you're a car enthusiast, wanting to learn about cars and engines, or just looking for a fun simulation/building game, this is for you. If you like sandbox games, in it's current state this game is pretty great. There's of course bugs, it is early access but nothing gamebreaking. Can't wait for the tycoon mode to come out, keep it up."
76561198007698602,Recommended,293760,34328762,Posted: 18 August,all,Person012345,"Good game. Worth the price to mess around with even without the main campaign in place yet. Most of the not recommended people in the reviews section either don't seem to understand what early access is or don't seem to understand that game development takes a long time, especially with a small team, especially with a game of this ambitiousness. And this just got ported to a new engine.This being said, if you're looking for the tycoon aspect, I wouldn't exactly enthusiastically recommed it yet. The Lite campaign is fun, but it's lite and it's only available on the old engine. Still worth a buy if you are equally into the design and the business sides, but if you're primarily in it for the business simulation, give it a while because that's not all there yet."
,Recommended,293760,35044689,Posted: 18 September,all,OldSkoolz,This game is alot of fun to play ....and well worth the money ..its user end is so open and so much to create that it reminds me of the 5.0 engine in the mustang and how you could do so many things to it unlike other engines...but the game is super fun and well worth the mon ey ..jump in today and see what you can create
,Recommended,293760,14957532,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,<M@nt@stic>FootLoose,The Prestieg Turtorial Voice-over is by far the funniest thing I've ever heard.Thank you for this amazing Program.10/10
76561198015114471,Recommended,293760,14938904,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[NOMAD] PapaDirty,"So much potentional. This game could be SO good if it's developed right. A free range type of story mode would be ideal. Design a line of cars and sell them. Like the free build modes on sim city, but with flame spitting, tire eating, ear shattering sports cars."
,Recommended,293760,27305326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Why do u bulli me,is good
76561198033910509,Recommended,293760,35004602,Posted: 16 September,all,LihaMessias(Eunukkimies),Quite Gud
76561198155402404,Not Recommended,293760,26079913,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ProtoTerra,"I really had high hopes for this game. And I wanted the devs to succeed. The car creation/engine building aspect is pretty awesome. It's still a clunky mess with the campaign though. I get all the way to the end of car creation and it falls apart. All of the details and stats are blank, the test track doesn't work and I either get error messages or a dead end.I've done all of the things you would  imagine. Delete the folders. Uninstall, install. Start all over multiple times. And run the game without Steam. All with the same result. If someone knows a similar game but just let's me time trial my car and XP up let me know. I get the feeling that if the ""Tycoon"" part ever actually works it'll be overly complicated anyways."
,Not Recommended,293760,33553176,Posted: 15 July,all,leon_james87,Interesting game for anyone interested in hows vehicles work as well as the tycoon side of it....Unfortunately the latest update with UE4 bundled in has completely stopped it working so im now hoping that a fix is on the way! Im on a MSI G70 OND with dual GPU's just for reference...
,Recommended,293760,32721841,Posted: 24 June,all,Monolith [FR] [Micro],"This game is what I've been waiting for for a long time, and it's awesome. Great job guys"
76561198367154346,Recommended,293760,33860895,Posted: 28 July,all,jumpnshadow,"Great game for designing vehicles and engines, as you can see, it is still early access... Meaning not the full version, and you still get so much in this game. That's not all though, there is still a lot that I left out, that's left to you to see. Plus it is moddable (Steam Workshop). I highly recommend this game though.I also can't wait for the full version to come out! :)"
,Not Recommended,293760,34906262,Posted: 12 September,all,The Raven,Here's the thing.They sell the game on steam but don't like Steam's policies and don't follow Steam's rules. They should not sell the game on steam then.The game itself has a lot of problems mostly due to the developers not really committing to the full game and only wanting to do an engine building simulator and not a full tycoon game the Tycoon part of the game is just some spreadsheets that are pretty ugly and not fun to play. There is no Factory organization or building a factory or laying out the production lines or accessing supplies and products to add to your vehicles or any of the things that could add fun to the game.Even as strictly an engine designer game it falls short due to the lack of different types of engines there are no boxer engines there are no W configurations there are no rotary engines the Renault diesel engines there are no variable compression engines there is actually only one type of engine and that is a stock gasoline engine which is only modifiable within a very narrow range.The game is being made by a very small group maybe one or two people and they don't seem to have a very professional outlook on the game they make more excuses than updates instead of giving it a polished professional look and feel it looks rather ragged and thrown together like some sort of a tech demo rather than a game they use outdated slang like squeeze and bang instead of compression and ignition or power stroke.If you make the comment in the forums that you would like more of a factory game they say they won't do it and they send you to another game to play that is a good Factory game if you mention that you would like him more in-depth engine building game they say they won't do it and they say that you should make your own game or find another one to play and I think that's good advice if you're considering buying this game to find another one to play that would be more fun because this one because this one may never be completed as the developers lack the skills and the desire to make this game what it could be and what it should be.
76561197991753341,Not Recommended,293760,32626318,Posted: 21 June,all,r 0llinlac s,"I love the old version.I tried the new version and didn't much like it. Stat names have been replaced with icons, which you must hover over to read the name of the stat, a change that wasn't needed and only further complicates things. Bugs galore, no more tycoon mode, less bodies, less engines. It's a huge step backwards.But that was for a previous version of the open beta, seeing as I can no longer play it because it won't launch. Okay, it launches, but it's just an endless black screen of nothing-ness.I tried everything I could. Re-insalled, verified integrity, updated graphics drivers, safe mode, compatibility mode, etc.Recent updates to the beta haven't helped. Only the first initial release successfully ran for me.Windows 7 x64FX8320XFX 290XHave to leave a negative review becauseA: I can't playB: I don't like the way the game is headed"
76561198048806690,Not Recommended,293760,33210912,Posted: 3 July,all,Javier73ugz,"Way too over-priced even with the 10% off for the amount of content or even the quality. I understand the game is still in development and is not finished but most other in development games go for a range of $10-$19 Not! $30!. Amd those games that still don't reach the $30 but are about $26.99 actually have a lot of playable content and actually have decent graphics.Don't buy for $29.99, Don't even buy for $26.99 wait for a lower price which probably won't happen because they obviously want to see for more when the game is finished, heck there's a summer sale going on righ now with 50%-80% Off and these people only take off 10%? WHAT...THE HECK?Don't get me wrong I like the concept of the game is just the people behind the game that I don't approve (in it for the money)If they really wanted to sell, a more apropriate price tag will do the job. Just an advice you either take it and do good, or reject it and suffer.More than welcome to contact me if you would like more info game creators."
76561197999589098,Not Recommended,293760,33291786,Posted: 5 July,all,FrozenNorth,"As it stands now this game is actually just an engine designer with a very few basic challenges. There's some car designer aspects right now but honestly it's extremely limited. There's no gameplay per say, as most of the challenges involve fiddling with sliders until the numbers line up with arbitrary goals.If you like the thought of slider fiddling, and just engine design is interesting to you, then this is an okay investment. After all, the engine designer is quite good. However, do not ever expect the game aspect of this game to ever be completed. If you purchase this accept that all you will likely ever get is what it is right now.In short: cool idea, but in perpetual development hell."
,Recommended,293760,17501002,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Infern0,"good game, got potential, recommend buying this"
76561198025969258,Recommended,293760,28674875,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,--,i can't stop building rediculous engines
,Not Recommended,293760,32206205,Posted: 5 June,all,thebigstickihityouwith,Here's my first play review:- The engine designing part is too simplistic for my liking. Also there's no point running the tests because it seems to just do it in the background anyway. So unless you want to here the engine make revving noises... there's just no point.- The interface needs a lot of work. It's just so clunky.- The Lite version of the campaign mode seems to fall apart after you make a car. It just doesn't make much sense what's going on.- The in-game currency also makes no sense.This could be an awesome game in the future. Don't think I can recommend it right now though.
,Recommended,293760,19176088,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DisMoike,Fantastic concept... so/so excecution.
,Recommended,293760,30269399,Posted: 1 March,all,gear1001 y = 1/2x + 5,The most addictive tycoon game I've ever played. I believe that someday this game will be held with the same legendary status as Rollercoaster tycoon 1/2.
76561198325198425,Recommended,293760,26511338,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,coopdigity,its good
76561198220543596,Recommended,293760,15090416,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,William-Gaynor,im having a problem with the starting page i press ok then it says(select a language and the options for the language isnt there and everytime i want play this game it comes  up this some 3d error i dont know what to do
,Recommended,293760,21722923,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tassie Dingo,"Great game, development coming along slowly but surely. Great communication between devs and customers with the little dev updates and continuous and amazing new updates."
,Recommended,293760,29127518,Posted: 8 January,all,Axion Decendent of Shinji,Great game. Cant wait for nect update!
,Recommended,293760,20597978,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Hacker-Z7,"Developers I honestly would recommend making this game as in depth and in detail as possible giving nearly unlimited options this game is currently around 2 GB's. In my mind this game should go into enough detail from engine size, body design features, drive shaft materials all the way to intake size/model/brand/type (ie. cold air/ram) including the different intake measurements (ie. different filters/intakes allow for different air intake volumes) game should go into as much detail as physically possible I would like to see this game go from the 2 Gigs its at now, to a full out 20+ GB's to allow for every possible combination and configuration and higher detailed graphics then work on the tycoon portion of the game I would say work on quality of the exsisting portion of the game before adding new features (ie. tycoon portion/multiplayer). I would really love to see this game progress to one of the best car creation games of 2016-2017."
,Recommended,293760,17380365,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,fat_birb_,best car tycoon game ever!!!!!!
,Recommended,293760,16882398,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Pizza?,"I've been looking for something like Automation for quite some time now. It is an outstanding game with an insane amount of potential.Howeverin its current state its a bit of a chore to actually play with. With the recent update I can no longer rely on the game to save my car models properly. Every time I boot the game I end up losing one or two cars (for whatever reason it doesn't delete engines). There's quite a few glitches with the interface as well, things like getting told ""engine is too big to fit in car"" when you're not actually working on a car at all, or the build options (things like entertainment systems and engine parts) being too advanced for the build year.I'm giving Automation a recommendation but I do not recommend actually buying the game until its a bit more developed."
76561198048881041,Recommended,293760,17468427,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,FletchWazzle,A game that I've wanted to play my whole life. May it continue to grow and expand.
76561198004742488,Not Recommended,293760,28620785,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,slayer991,Game is great in concept but not ready for prime time.  Crashed repeatedly and unable to get to a point where I was unable to build a car.  Hopefully the developers can work the bugs out because it's a game I could lose hours on if it didn't crash so often.
76561198057889866,Recommended,293760,28234269,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,therealsir,"it is very entertaining and there is a lots of progress being made by the devs ,i would totally recomend this early access to help out the devs with making a better game !"
,Recommended,293760,31286221,Posted: 21 April,all,BULBIE,absolutely awesome i could play this all day
76561198206655044,Recommended,293760,32205583,Posted: 5 June,all,Friendlyfire,"When we can drive our new car out and put it through its pacesI'm pretty sure,this game has changed  the world"
,Recommended,293760,17839291,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TL1KS,I recomend for people who actualy enjoy doing♥♥♥♥♥♥with cars.
,Recommended,293760,17576840,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,f688xt6,A must have for any gearhead/petrolhead. Build and customize your own cars but more importantly build and test your own engines in the dyno room!
,Recommended,293760,19963497,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sniper Copter,Its an ok game as it is but it has some bugs for instance i was building a replica of a real engine and it kept telling me i had to high compression and that the engine was failing because of that even though i have that engine in real life and so do many people and those obviously dont just blow up and ive had a couple crashing issues when loading engine saves but i think if they fix those bugs itll be alot better
,Recommended,293760,25042849,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Acceber,"This is a fun game at this stage, i've spent alot of time just building engines(thats why i got the game)it's very buggy!Too bad there is no Commodore 64 version of the game."
76561198282017438,Recommended,293760,31351485,Posted: 24 April,all,usernamejb,Great game for car lovers
,Recommended,293760,28307253,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Corma,"This game is very peculiar. I actually enjoyed the game very much. The game is actually automation engineering designer simulator or kindoff, with unlimited funds and know-how.Postive-You can desing engines and cars. start to finish.-challenging-versatile-CreativeNegative-There arent that many engine types. For example the game does not include quad turbos or rotarys. Those might be added later.-You cant drive these cars, Developers have said the game will be tycoon a game, not a racing sim (the game makers have indicated that they might be planning to cars get ported to Asetto Corsa or similar racing sims.)"
76561198028787496,Recommended,293760,20919786,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Bubs McKenzie,"As with other games in the series, such as Rollercoaster Tycoon and Sid Meier's Build-a-Bear Workshop, this game delights and astounds children of all ages. My five years old son Jesse has so much fun building cars. He sits at his computer all day, making car after car making ""vroom vroom"" sounds. While the game isn't completely finished yet (you can't even sell the cars), I think it is perfect. Most of the fun of this game comes from the office simulation section of the game. You can answer the phone, read your emails, or set your exploitatively low wages for your factory workers in the third world. Without the ability to make cars in Iceland for $0.50/hour, I would find no joy in this game. While not perfect, this game has everything I could want in a MMORPG. 7/10."
76561198006200690,Recommended,293760,16212068,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,bigh100,"Its an ok game in early access, got to wait for the tycoon to see how it pans out. Overall great setup schould be great when finished looking forward to the end product."
,Recommended,293760,17052686,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,chinky winky,I WANT TO TO DIE
,Recommended,293760,15775856,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,notering,You could make a pimped out Magic School Bus.420/10
76561198090006060,Recommended,293760,32608675,Posted: 20 June,all,Lord Putin of the Succ,Dream Game
76561198022342244,Recommended,293760,21322465,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,arenner,"Wow, a car game that doesn`t underwhelm. Enough depth even for hardcore geeks. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,293760,32997199,Posted: 29 June,all,Hienrich Himmler,This game is actually fire
,Not Recommended,293760,35436129,Posted: 2 October,all,NotoriouSS,"Would not buy this again...pretty poor.good concept,,, poor game"
,Not Recommended,293760,35459377,Posted: 3 October,all,Fart_Gas,"Needs improvement.Very glitchy, poor help tips, poor tutorials. I still hope that they can improve it in the future, because this is a very interesting concept, and it could be big if done right."
76561198031722299,Not Recommended,293760,22149679,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SwissArmyKnife,"Incredible possiblities, endless fun. That's the promise of the finished game, but this game is still far from finished.The only options currently are Sandbox and Scenario (Make a car go 100 km/h crap), which are midly amusing for 15 minutes each. I have been hoping with each update they would be progressing towards completion of the actual game, but they seem intent on just adding more engines and car shells.If this game is ever completed, it just maybe worth $20-30, but as it stands, it should be a free demo, not sold as early access, when I bought it a year ago."
76561198030884871,Not Recommended,293760,25296236,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Advark,"For over a year (and a half?) I own this game and not much has evolved. Updates come out at a slow rate but so far my experience was bug free. I rather like that than frequent buggy updates.I thought ""Early Access"" games were in their final development stage, i.e. Release Candidate or late Beta versions. I was so wrong. This game is far from finish and the Dev Team decided to switch the game engine in the middle of the development. If I understand this correctly, it means the current game is being developped while being ported?Early Access should not be used to finance projects but to polish a finish product. Don't get me wrong here. This game has great potential but with so many unfinish (unstarted?) features I really can't recommend it.Honestly, I won't buy an ""Early Access"" game anymore. I'm affraid I'll buy something that maybe way to far from a finish product.In short:PROS: Car design is great (that is basically all you can do at them moment).CONS: Too many missing/in-development features"
76561198160346590,Not Recommended,293760,20371069,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,baruah87,This game is for the die hard petrol head. The attention to detail and the concept is pretty good and there are no games like it. But that is where the good things end. It is unrefined and crude at this stage. It is very prone to crashing and it has a lot of glitchs. I really hope the devs sort the bugs out  as the game is very promising
76561198046795168,Not Recommended,293760,20453454,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,chilli beef,"only engine design even midly fleshed out, other areas of vehicle design are very basic.absolutely no other real content atm.wait until it leaves early access."
76561198052096415,Not Recommended,293760,24866519,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,michaelcormier1,Purchased over a year ago and have yet to get at tycoon game or anything similar. I have lost hope
76561198111184037,Not Recommended,293760,20220490,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MAE MIA PITICLI,"I bought this game and played a few hours in another pc and had to ask for a refound.What it is at this point I can't recommend this game. I explain you why. When you play for first time the only thing you can do is create your own desired car modifying the chassis, headlights, etc. There's various stages of fabrication, body, engine, interior, running gear... but that's it, there's nothing more than that. If you like creating your preferred car go ahead and buy it, there's also workshop, but if you want to create your car and play the tycoon part it's not made yet. When that part and the campaign arrives, I will change to positive my review."
76561198015170807,Not Recommended,293760,34912713,Posted: 12 September,all,Pope Fred,"I must admit I'm not happy I bought this. The game itself is clearly very in-depth and they do a nice job attempting to teach me the basics of the game, but in the end I had no idea what I am doing while playing it, and when I was done I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to manage or change in order to ""do better.""I'll gladly update this as more iterations and builds become available - but as of right now I feel like I really wasted some money here."
76561198066465674,Not Recommended,293760,18627715,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,garydougill,"There is simply not enough here yet to be worth your money.Credit where credit is due. Automation has an eye for technical detail and the engine building tutorials are a pretty decent beginners guide to engine design, sadly on my playthrough some of the later tutorial videos still contained placeholder visuals or were lacking voiceovers. The challenges are enjoyable but pretty limited and hardly varied enough to keep you coming back. Ideally you should be setting out with a goal to meet the requirements but too often you complete challenges by adjusting sliders until you hit the right performance values.The car sandbox mode is again hugely detailed, quite possibly too much so, but so lacking in an endgoal that leaves it deeply unrewarding.The crux of the matter is that the game is called a Car Company Tycoon Game and yet update after update releases another slew of headlights or number plate options without ever getting close to being a tycoon game at all. If the devs ever make good on their original intentions Automation might be one of the most in depth tycoon games ever created but as it stands is an overpriced car builder sandbox lacking the satisfaction of an actual game.It is rollercoaster tycoon that lets you build coasters without ever opening a park. Sim city where you build detailed sanitation pumps for a town with no people.Save your money. If they deliver it will be worth the price tag but at the moment you're paying for not an awful lot."
76561198143359732,Not Recommended,293760,35080364,Posted: 20 September,all,Variable,"Not for me, i expected a bit more for this game given the price and the length of time its been early access. I was looking for a game similar to Detroit a game i had enjoyed many years ago , sadly this is not the game i was hoping for.I expected car design to have really been one key feature here. Car design is quite limited to ever so slight set morphs of a set car body type, you cannot create you own jaw dropping coupe here it will look pretty mcuh like anyones elses.The engine design was interesting to look at but the user interface could do with some work. The car testing was a complete bore especially watching the car go round the track as it it really gave me little satistaction nor feedback.Refunded.Sorry"
76561198130492228,Not Recommended,293760,25339834,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,williamrjones8,"Started with such high hopes at least a year aga, and still no tycoon element in the game at all. If you'r a real motorhead and want an engine and car builder then this is for you. If you want a care tycoon game don't let these guys fool you. I'm really starting to believe they'll never get to game to that point"
,Not Recommended,293760,21020673,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,kylealtman8384,Extremly buggy at this point. In my opinion I LOVE ABSOLUTELY LOVE the idea of the concept but I cant get past anywhere with out a glitch. I believe this game just came out just a bit too early. HOWEVER I cannot wait for this game to get through development!
76561198057693493,Not Recommended,293760,31892841,Posted: 21 May,all,GeneralHerc,"So, I really really wanted to like this game. It gets into specifics and details that you love about games! BUT!!! The Dev team is seriously taking their time for the money spent on this game. I've put less $ into a game where Dev's get much more done for the time spans they're given. This game is a $10 game with their progress. This game has some SERIOUS potential if they were to put time into it.YES I know they're porting it. But does a port really take over 6 months? Like seriously... $33 CDN Should give you a game where the Devs know how to code properly.At this time and probably another 6 months easy with how fast this port's going I DO NOT reccommend this game where it is today."
76561198303364823,Recommended,293760,26540464,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Daver37cz,Cars are not saved
76561198383761500,Recommended,293760,34445267,Posted: 23 August,all,Dragon rival,"everytime I get an instrutional video at a sertain time the game crashes and does not respond, at any time im am in a middle of doing something in this game it crashes and does not respond, so as i try to continue with my game it wiull not show my save or autosave."
76561198165890538,Recommended,293760,16308410,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Surprised Dog,"Building engines that 2000hp, and cars going around the production line. YOU are in charge of all that. YOU definitely will like the game just for the sandbox mode (as of 6/11/15) because it is the best idea for a game ever."
,Not Recommended,293760,28235171,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Youtube - Deserteagle1010,"Automation is a great potential. It will be a great game, with a superb car/engine design tool. Sounds are nice too, the engine sound depends on a lot of factors from the choose of the materials. And it's pretty well detailed. But there's a ""but"" in this history.The game in it's current state is very buggy, full of glitches. You don't save your game often and you will find the hour you spend making up a great car going to garbage. Some times it work, most of them don't. I also have another game of the genre, GearCity and beside it does not have this car&engine creator... It's far more stable.Automation also lacks other engine setups / cylinder numbers. Many of them wasn't a great sucess, but they existed. And there's a reason to find those in this games. You can learn why they didn't work.So overall, from my point of view the scores would be:8/10 Audio5/10 Gameplay3/10 Stabilty4/10 Price for what you getOverall: 5/10It needs more polishment, maybe the new engine will be the solution, till then I rather go for GearCity. It lacks the Automation editor but at least I won't have issues and bugs in 8 out of 10 cars I do.I hope for the best for Automation but in it's current state... Ain't enough for everyone."
76561198105472696,Recommended,293760,27848895,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dimdes,Please add rotary engines
76561198020480945,Not Recommended,293760,20267985,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DonJuanGarbanzo,"Nice concept......TOO BAD THE GAME IS ALMOST COMPLETELY UNFINISHED!!!.Half of the menu options are greyed out, including the campaign mode, and all it says is ""Coming soon""Do not buy until it is no longer early access. Hopefully it will be finished and not just another one of those forever ""alpha"" games."
,Recommended,293760,23621072,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,(QC) Mickxal Youtube,Meh
76561198204223696,Recommended,293760,23697083,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,loompafoo,i get alot og glitche sto expect from an early access game but the game has good depth and meaning it could have more of a compant theam but overall a good game 8/10
76561198282048679,Not Recommended,293760,26365999,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Shicos,"a lot of bugsA lot of glitches, the game is not prepared properly !!!and its NOT a Tycoon game !"
76561197993917653,Not Recommended,293760,30715795,Posted: 24 March,all,Kennek519,"no way to backup cars or engines, game crashes way too many times swaping engines, all those hours building and tweaking gone due to a fatal error. BS!"
76561198031368006,Not Recommended,293760,26678345,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Plastic Dreams,"I can recommend to have a look at this, cause the game has potential, however, too many bugs, a very bad interface and game play is a really somewhere in sibiria... Seems to be a game for engine nerds as well. Not really worth it right now."
76561198237434920,Not Recommended,293760,34258988,Posted: 15 August,all,russellmansfield,deleted it because it never worked properly and wasnt worth the money that i paid.. very dissapointed
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,293760,18132792,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Massiv Igel,"Nothing is happening..... another game that will stuck in EA forever .... DO NOT BUY!!!!_________________would buy it again. very nice car building game. and it will have a tyccon part, too ;)"
76561197969893764,Recommended,293760,32822335,Posted: 26 June,all,Gomoto,Early Access ReviewI really like this game combining the technical and the economical side.I have tremendous fun! A very good time sink!I play the light campaign with the older engine version and I am looking forward to the improvements with the unreal engine.
76561198006212102,Not Recommended,293760,26409307,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mr.Binks,"An eternity in development, and it on;y gets more buggy and unstable as it goes on.AVOID. This game had potential, but the devs have dragged thier feet for 5 years with not much to show for it. Another of those games that will never leave EA."
76561198006770245,Not Recommended,293760,15811225,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,MRH112,"Is this a game with potential, yes. Is this a game you can get about 10 hours of fun out of, yes. is it worth getting now unfinished at a cost of £22 for a beta... No.The game as it stands is very limited, it has no more than a few dozen car styles (most older than 2000), only three engines avalible (V8, SV8 and 4c), and ultimately gets boring once youve created a V8 supercar with as much power as possible (because thats all you can do at the moment, there is no career or ""tycoon"" part avalible yet to progress).Overall this is a good game and the developers have put alot of effort into it, I woldnt personally spend £22 on it but if you have money to burn and dont mind waiting a few months for the finished product then go ahead, otherwise wait until it progresses a bit. When finished probably 8/10, at the moment 5/10."
,Not Recommended,293760,28793657,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ghlow,"The game is cool, but it starts to get boring after a while. The same body styles, not being able to drive the car, and the un-realisticness of the engine size. If you teamed up with the BeamNG team, they could possibly help you make the cars drivable. (If they aren't busy and they are willing to.)"
76561197983721103,Not Recommended,293760,20409223,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,naut133,needs to move forwardlacks in car design and all other aspects except for engine constructioni regret my purchase
,Not Recommended,293760,14967607,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hoeser,"I wish I could recommend this game in it's current state, because it does show a ton of potential, but I really can't. As of right now I guarantee you'll experience crashes with this game (Lua errors) and you will lose hours of work.The engine designer is a thing of beauty. There really isn't much of a game here yet, but the foundation is here. Reminds me of early Kerbal Space Program.If development on this continues then I will definitely be recommending this game."
76561198081257267,Not Recommended,293760,22326334,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,football3199,Alot of bugs game frezes and crashes no story mode or anything do not buy the game they need to update it baddly
76561198313625257,Recommended,293760,29130067,Posted: 8 January,all,EMRamirez,i got this game when it just got out. but i still havent downloaded it. but i think it is fun.
76561198043385899,Recommended,293760,15612922,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DiddlerOnTheRoof,"Automation has so much potential, and even in a (pointless) sandbox mode, i find myself hooked and wanting more.Once you get past the fact that its $30 for Alpha, you'll be amazed by the intricate deatils, and build process of these cars. This game can be Stellar, given the proper time & love.      RECOMMEND"
76561198204538457,Not Recommended,293760,33713939,Posted: 21 July,all,brando10021,The game sometimes crashes and it is anoying.
,Not Recommended,293760,18590902,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Butters.,"Doesnt feel very complete yet.Describes how vehicle components work very well, but the game its self needs some serious polishing.Still fun. Not worth $30 as of yet.Buy it at $10"
76561198280887564,Not Recommended,293760,31961539,Posted: 25 May,all,BNR32FAN,great they ported the game to unreal 4. what did that set us back about 2 more years now? Dont buy this game until it is complete if that ever happens. i bought it 1 year 5 months ago and they still werent close to completion. now theyve basically started all over with the unreal 4 beta. it has more bugs in it now than it did when i bought the game almost a year & a half ago!! dont waste your money. you cant drive the car you build. theres a 2 dimensional map of a track that you can watch a dot go around the track. woopie!! its a total let down and the tycoon part of the game is nowhere near being available.
,Not Recommended,293760,20400584,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Unpleasant,"I'd give this is a miss if I was you... It's nothing more than a car engine simulator. There is no tycoon version of the game at all and when we;ve asked the developers on the forums if and when a tycoon game will be given to us, they say they don't know.It's a complete scam and false advertising in my opinion."
76561198086227862,Not Recommended,293760,34727331,Posted: 3 September,all,Silent Colour,Has not made many noticeable stides lately. Owned this close to a year and still doesn't run right. Maybe one day they will get it sorted.
76561198184896637,Not Recommended,293760,23190564,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TacticalFear316,Bought this game in early access a few months back and bought it for the tycoon aspect of the game....to play through a campaign and this game is NOT* a tycoon game and no update has been given or even addressed in terms of the tycoon aspect of the game if it changes I will re review
76561198048478377,Not Recommended,293760,22983181,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,emperor,"It certainly sells itself well, but really, not much going on here. On my MacBook Pro Retina, gets lots of error messages within the program.  Sometimes I am clicking the send bug report button more than the game interface buttons.  At this stage, design is clunky and more like games from the 90's.  Very limited.  I rarely can make it through to the engine design, since the game encounters so many errors.Now, this is still early access, so they have the ability to make this a great game.  But so far, the ""creation"" process is not really any process at all.I absolutely would wait until this game has evolved more before spending money on it.  I deeply regret spending $30 at this point.  Waste of time and money until they actually put some polish and depth into this ""game""."
76561198064430511,Not Recommended,293760,20054275,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bert,So many problems you need to fixRate 1 star out of 10
,Not Recommended,293760,20008448,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Papa Henry,crashes 24/7
,Not Recommended,293760,29727476,Posted: 5 February,all,BlackoutHQ,"I love this game in all, but it was later then taken away from me for no reason"
76561198021354542,Not Recommended,293760,25932899,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Carlos Spicy Wiener,"playing the new update, lowered my compression down to 6:1 and it still tells me to lower my compression, you can't get any lower then 6:1 WTF??????????"
76561198279008066,Not Recommended,293760,26409371,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,brickysky160,the program said fatul error program wont respond
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,293760,22190513,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CSI48,"FAIL !  Simulator ? hahaha yeah , it's a cute game , but it ain't ""done"" yet.Save your money and buy something else.... or wait and buy this when it ever goes on sale. for now, i rate it  3 / 10"
,Not Recommended,293760,15464239,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Monk,"The concept here is amazing, sadly though, I simply cannot get this to work on any of my machines. It has in fact been my first steam refund."
76561198317036374,Not Recommended,293760,24741543,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,rukhshar.fitter,It is very realistic but d graphics r terrible n a LOT OF GLITCHES nBUGS
76561197972380522,Not Recommended,293760,16010993,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lupinum,"As a gearhead whos stuck overseas on a long deployment, i bought this in an attempt to help scratch my car itch, and it was kind of neat for about 10 minutes before it crashed, resulting in a loss of all of my work.  Subsequent attempts have resulted in the same thing, I can't get passed putting cylinders in the engine before it crashed on me.So, I have not experienced much further than that, however even if I was able to get through to the car testing phase, I don't believe there is enough in this game to reflect the price point.  At 10 bucks, i could recommend it, but for 30 dollars there just isn't enough there, for now.Hopefully this game won't be early access on a 10 year plan like a lot of these other ones are, and it reaches the quality that its price demands.EDIT:  Stop commenting about my computer, my computer is fine, everything runs properly and my drivers are updated.  The plain and simple truth is that I, ME, Myself, did not find this ""game"" to be worth the 30 dollars I spent on it.  Sorry to all the fanboys that like the game, nothing personal, but this has been my experience.  I will not take down my review, so stop saying to do so."
,Not Recommended,293760,18592410,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Canedo,Complex but not challenging.
76561198218624089,Not Recommended,293760,22958510,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jtrevwillingham,"This game is a great idea, and although it is far better than most games out there as far as designing cars and engines, it leaves a lot to be desired. Customization on vehicle platforms are very limited, you cannot infinietely change and build the chassis, body, or suspension to look the way you want which is pretty lame. Instead, you are stuck with limitations on body lines, engine sizes due to chassis limitations, and suspension and drivetrain limitations that are not real world. Also, adding body hardware such as lights, exhaust, and bumpers is very limited. when it comes to actually testing the vehicle, the test is super lame! If youre really in to building cars, save $30 and get out your graph paper. This game is just not worth the price tag"
,Not Recommended,293760,14906290,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Celador,"I was tempted several times to vote this down and as i am writing this review i am still considering this.This game is clearly made by people who love and know their cars and engines however it doesn't seem that they actually know how to make games. While the idea of building/repairing cars or running an automotive company is not new, they managed to go further and squeeze in so much micromanagement and ""learning"" into it that they made boring and somewhat stale simulator which also looks incredibly dated and cheap - from low res UI and videos, to stock music, this game feels like it was made at least 10 years ago or more.However the main issue are the tutorials. Each section of the game, each part of the car, has its own video tutorial and the further you get into game - the lengthier they become. I get that the developers want to teach the player everything they can but i am 100% sure that i could've gone without such gems as ""entertainment system keeps passengers entertained"". Some videos go on for what it feels like 10 minutes and i honestly can tell that i did not learn or remembered anything they said, especially since some videos are not yet finished and only include agonizingly boring developer voice.Again - i get the idea of trying to teach the player something valuable about cars but its one thing to include some trivia along as you play, and its another when you are force-feeding information which is actually required to play this ""game"". And you do actually need to learn things they mention in their videos unless you just want to mash sliders at random and hope for the best.Overall i was impressed with the amount of fine-tuning and options they included but i also was thoroughly annoyed with their videos and stopped paying attention as soon as i got to the ""trim"" part which had the longest and most boring videos. Figuring out things for myself using tooltips, wikipedia and random clicking wasn't that much fun either.I do hope that they are planning to change their UI (at least make it high res and look bit less like Windows 95) and completely revamp tutorials while making them interactive, this would make the game so much more interesting and engaging because as it stands right now its more of an excel-car-slider-clicker-video-learning-course than anything else.Also the ""tycoon"" part of the game is not actually in the game yet - you can only build and fine-tune engines and cars just for the ""fun"" of it. I suppose its good enough for car enthusiasts but for a person who's more interested in the actual strategy/management aspect of the game - its going to be rather dull.Oh what the hell - im voting it down. Someone has to be the bad guy.P.S.#bringbackclarkson#freedomtofracas--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well the developer has responded politely and now i feel completely uncomfortable :( Where are the death threats, deleted reviews and banned accounts? Clearly you are not being professional!Seriously though - tutorial videos in general aren't that bad of an idea BUT you really do need to time them (don't make them too long) and use better voice, and better animation to keep the player engaged.As for an interactive tutorial - you don't have to narrate or animate everything, using tooltips and pointers, perhaps simple ""quest"" system would suffice. An example:1) Tooltip appears briefly explaining what is required from the player in this scenario. Player clicks ""next"" button.2) Second tooltip explains where do you have to click, what it will change (for example changing fuel to unleaded) and the ""next"" button appears when you done so.3) ???4) Profit.5) Rinse and repeat for all the tutorial scenarios, until you teach player everything you want.6) Don't forget to include ""back"" button and/or repeat button so the player can view all of the messages again.The main problem with videos is that i did not remember a thing after watching them. I couldn't fast forward them, pause or view and play them at the same time so i could try and learn what you just told me. You want me to know more about cars? Well... use your own game and teach me while i am playing!As for the tooltips in the game - they were good enough to explain the basics (as in what is this option i am currently tweaking) but not the interaction between different parts of the car and engine which is the most important part to succeeding in this game.I can cope with dated graphics and music but better tutorial is really a must in my opinion for this intricate and complicated game. Take heed in Capitalism 2 - it took 14 years and a remake to actually include decent tutorial in this game, despite it being great otherwise."
76561198151486327,Not Recommended,293760,25588205,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Avenja99,Controls are hard to use and 1 wrong click and the car that you spent an hour making disappears.How about a (are you sure you want to delete this vehicle) button.
,Not Recommended,293760,31946052,Posted: 24 May,all,(DJ) Shopping Cart,Super terrible graphics and no sound dont recommend.
76561198158890066,Not Recommended,293760,34863987,Posted: 10 September,all,jeffweeks5195,"Games Constatntly crashes, and you cant play most parts of the game."
76561198225213808,Not Recommended,293760,17191232,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,tmatthews94,"First of all, the reason I don't recommend this game is because it is still in development.The Good: The game itself is a great concept, and definitely has an appeal to those who seriously like their cars and want to know more about the car designing and producing process. The game is very interesting and the tutorials are informative and helpful, and actually result in you coming away with a better understanding of how cars work.The game is still in development, so I look forward to it getting better.The Bad: It doesn't really work... for me and a bunch of others. As the game is still in development, it is understandably buggy - my version simply does not run, so the last I played this game was its demo version.The Verdict: My personal opinion is that you, the potential buyer, wait it out until this game is actually released to make a purchase decision, because in the current state it is frankly a waste of money (again I stress that this is in my opinion).This is a great game, and I would not recommend taking the same path that I did - i.e. buying the beta - because it leaves a sour taste in my mouth due to it being unplayable and extremely buggy."
76561198000929290,Not Recommended,293760,30760368,Posted: 26 March,all,wowogiengen,Don't buy if you are into sandbox and workshop.Both dont work.I bought it and thought workshop would work
76561197999483873,Not Recommended,293760,16520315,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Redwood Guardian,"i was hopping i could take the rules for the shape of crumple zone in the over all shape of a shell and make it look better then the crap we get today when limited by the need of those zones. but shells are set in this game and changes to looks might as well be nothing. and so you cant take a longer car and bring it down to a small car or bulge side areas extra, and not all shell shapes are there.also if this ""game"" has any bearing on how real car's dev are put together it dose a lot to explain why we get so many bad cars. and why car companies get so proud to announce when they combine each part to get an product that dose not blow up, and this game is infact good for being just like it.but if not it need's a lot more work put in, maybe make it so you can look up by parts that affect each part, so if you want to get something higher and lower you can look outside of the part blowing up / under performing in it's area."
76561198167287165,Not Recommended,293760,19702869,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,arildsn,NOTHING works... ELU error! wait to buy!
,Not Recommended,293760,16536065,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,{GFA}Wikus,"Well you know what?I baught this game cuz of the ""brain bending"" car designer...Which sucks...I don't know I just thought it wasn't so ""limited""now this combined with better graphics would make it a good game."
,Not Recommended,293760,15308861,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Froschi,"Kann den Hype nicht ganz verstehen. Klar ist es nett umgesetzt, wenn man einen neuen Motor entwicklen will ... oder das Gefühl zu haben das zu tun. Aber das war es dann auch schon. Eigentlich hieß das Spiel auch mal ""Motor Mechanics"" oder so ähnlich, kann man noch in den Tutorials sehen. Der Teil in dem man ein Auto bauen kann ist im Grunde albern. Ein bisschen die Karosse ziehen damits anders aussieht, ein bisschen Lichter und Luftschlitze platzieren und das wars dann. Und die Probefahrt ist nur ne 2 d tour. Ok, wenn man ein Motorfreak ist, dann ist das n netter Zeitvertreib. Aber wenn man erwartet ein Spiel zu bekommen mit dem man ein eigenes Auto von Grund auf bauen und auch ausprobieren kann ... lasst die Finger weg, dass ist es nicht."
,Not Recommended,293760,19815486,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Kongmyhre,"Don't buy this yet. I was fooled by the title saying tycoon game. The tycoon part isnt finished, and it probably would take years for the devs to implement it at this pace. I stopped shaving the day I bought it, and won't shave until the tycoon part is finished, so I look like a Imam now..."
76561198113600056,Not Recommended,293760,19740509,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,S197Jones,"Bought this game because it had great reviews, but as I kept playing the game I realized how poor the gameplay is. The graphics are crap, it's literally a point and click kind of game. There's no driving involved, there's no tuning involved. All you do is select the type of material parts are used (Steel, Alloy, Carbon fiber, etc.)If you want a game that teaches you the mechanics of building a car, this is NOT it. If you want a game to simply pass time with and have $30 to burn do yourself a favor and go buy a nice meal somewhere, it's not worth spending money on."
76561198177519001,Not Recommended,293760,17436482,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Flubbatron,"I would love this game... if i could play it! I have a mac and it wont let me play, so i think it should have mac support."
76561198124009464,Not Recommended,293760,15228705,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nizzy Nismo,"This game COULD be great, but it falls short. Weather it be the terrible graphics and sound, or the fact the game consistantly crashes. This game is sure to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off because you'll love to hate it. Its a solid platform at most, not even an Alpha IMO. WASTE OF MY 30 BUCKS!!!! I'd pay at most 5.99 for this game. Not nearly enough progress for 30 bucks. Go for Stranded Deep or Besige!"
76561198004957288,Not Recommended,293760,15111731,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Prop3rTechniQue,Not that great honestly. Price isnt just for what the game is.Needs more customization with the car shaping.Building custom interior would be cool if they added it.
76561197997952012,Not Recommended,293760,15362735,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Darkprojectx,"Thought more of the ""game"". You ""create"" a car without any reason. You cant drive it, only put it on a testtrack and you see your car driving around.When creating a beast of a motor it can't be fit in ANY car, because the engine is to big. So why can you build a great engine then?And what about the suspension etc? It is nice to choose which tires, rims, springs etc to place under your car, but you are doing it for nothing. The only time you will see it or have any fun of it is when you are designing your car. It doesn't mean anything, it has no value in the ""game"".The thing that most annoys me is that you have limited options to build a ""good"" engine that will actually fit a car.To be quite honest, I'm really into creating and modifying cars, but this game gave me a flashback to the game Streetrod I and Streetrod II, offcourse you can change more settings in the Automation game, but what if you have created a car? Then the fun ends. For example, you can design 30 cars (which look like crap from the outsite by the way) and then you have a list of 30 cars. Then what? Are you going to post on your facebook that you have created an awesome ride? You cant do anything with it. In my opinion, after designing 10 cars you are just burning daylight. I expected much more of this game.Refund?#"
,Not Recommended,293760,34543458,Posted: 27 August,all,Nageek,I am angry that I can't get the V16 because I didn't know about this game in its very early stages. They should make the V16 a paid DLC right now for 10 dollars so everyone can get access to the V16  and the early adopters get their V16 that they were promised. Before this happen I am disappointed at the game developers for locking out an engine with no way for anyone but the adopters who bought into the game in its infancy. In conclusion for now I won't recommend the game until it's developers recognize the entire community that has funded the games development not just a small percentage who happen to hear about the game many years ago. If they make the V16 a DLC when they release them to the early adopters I will recommend the game again owing to the fact that the developers have recognized the entire community.
76561198040248554,Not Recommended,293760,32470444,Posted: 16 June,all,CISBA85,completely hated it
76561198078831147,Not Recommended,293760,14904917,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Captain Slow,"fun for an hours.. get bored quickly..progress are very very slow.. already 6 month from release, but nothing much done. maybe 1 or 2 minor updates and still alot of bugs..i think dev are lazy.. not worth it for the current price.. stay away"
76561198047748191,Not Recommended,293760,16104665,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Fart Suppr3s0r,lacks features
,Not Recommended,293760,14923829,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Thomy100,"There is not much to do yet and it's massively overpriced for what it is now. it's better to wait for another year until this looks like a somewhat finished game before paying now 27Euros for basically nothing.There is no Tycoon part at all yet, no campagin, nothing that makes it anyhow challenging to play. It's just a sandbox for trying out motors.I expected something like Kerbal Space Program where it's not finished yet but the core concept and the mechanics are finished and it's fun to play around. I have over 400 Hours on KSP but couldn't make it to 2 on this game.It might become a nice game one day but for now it's just a waste of money. Could have bought so many nice finished games with these 27 Euros and come back for this one in a year or two. Huge disapointment and I can't recommend it for now."
76561198045010100,Not Recommended,293760,14919428,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,frank.deben,"The tutorials are great, I love a lot of the detail in tunning reports and outputs. However it feels very shallow. I built a 900hp car for less than $25k. Not sure that it works right. Also a lot of the the benchmark ratings the game creates like ""Driveability"" and ""Sportiness"" have no comparison. I have no idea what my rating MEANS. I got a Driveability score of 50 on a car that does 0-60 in 3.4 seconds. Is that good? Is that awful? Do you need to be the Stig to drive it? or is it damn near self driving? WHAT DOES IT MEAN? I ask that question a lot while playing this game and I don't mean about technical car features- those are all remarkably well explained. I always ask that question in relation to game features and menu's. This is less of a game and more of an interactive Cars 201 Lecture."
,Not Recommended,293760,28087091,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SYmonator,"i didn't like it after building my first car, pretty much it.. got bored."
76561198302936460,Not Recommended,293760,23779657,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Habib94,how come it does not work on  other computers that i want to play
76561198055709359,Not Recommended,293760,28173857,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,peter,"I didn't like it after building my first 3-6 cars, pretty much it.. got bored, not much to do in the game"
76561198021333673,Not Recommended,293760,14918563,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Dr. Wasabi,"What the bleep! My virus scanner is blocking this game, and have several times now deleted, the startup file!HEUR/QVM03.0.Malware.Gen"
76561198163217673,Recommended,293760,17234949,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,bergvall_89,Fun at first but once you've built some engines and created a few cars you get bored. Great for learning how everything works thoug.Would be alot more fun if you could testdrive the car you built. 5/10
01010010111110010,Recommended,293760,17240166,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,No name,Gr8 game 8/8
76561197991605205,Recommended,293760,17244913,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ks2_,"First off let me say the game is not done yet, all you can do is put together very basic cars (and basic looking) cars and build and tune a few different types of engines, even for car people there isnt much here.... yet!What is here is an extremely technical and in depth engine simulator, tuning camshaft position, gear ratios, cylinder bore, if these words make you excited (yes in that way) then buy this game.If you are holding out for the simulation/tycoon aspect it isnt availble yet, though looking at the dev blog it looks like it will be done soon...  If the quality, attention to detail and technical correctness follows what already exists then it should be very worthwhile."
,Recommended,293760,17272919,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,AidanF48Gaming,"I like this game for reasons and do not like this game for other reasons. Number one for negative is that this is by no means a complete game. The Game sometimes can't connect to steam, therefore it crashes. Number two is that The developing process is not as fast as other games like minecraft or Roblox or Kerbal Space Program because the team of developers is small. Don't expect bugfixes every couple of days, but rather a week or so. The positive things are that the tycoon elements are going to be implemented in 2 weeks. Also, The in depth engine and body design are very understandable due to many tutorials. One drawback though is that the tutorials come everytime you do something new in the game (i.e. tweaking fuel mix for the first time.) Other than that, this game is great and I would recommend this game to any car fanatic"
,Recommended,293760,16774465,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Flameguy4500,"Great game, I went in for the first time, not knowing how an engine worked, and came out knowing not only how an engine works to point, but also able to tell the basic differences between macpherson struts suspension and double-wishbone suspension. One Thing That Really Needs Alot Of Work Is The Crashing, And all the error messages with it. Great Game And all, but nobody can appreciate it if it refuse to let them play it, Thats all I Got to say about that. (Bonus if youu can guess the movie quote and what movie it came from.)"
76561198043193750,Recommended,293760,17356720,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SaberHawk_UK,"From what is avalible in the game at it's current state, all that I can say is great game,great community,great devs and great potential.Definatly worth the money if you're a petrol head like myself,or if you are if you are not very familiar with cars,engines and things alike thanks to the handy in-game tutorials."
,Recommended,293760,17319300,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Wolf-e,"The game is pretty brilliant. A has a few bugs here and there but hey, early access."
,Recommended,293760,17921185,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Anthonyfromtheuk,"Cannot do anything with the cars you build, how dissapointing. If I could drive my creations this game would be great, with no campaign its little more than an educational tool if you know nothing about cars. Still am sure will spend a few more hours in it just not worth it at its current cost at all. -- I expected something that wasnt there and nor was it supposed to be."
76561198015083281,Recommended,293760,17885983,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,chacha,"If you have no idea how to build an engine, the learning curve is pretty steep, Of course, the tutorials are extremely in-depth and you have to really watch them to get a hold of what's going on. I suppose you could go in via trial and error, but I suggest taking a few notes to get the most out of the game.Still in early-access, but I'm eagerly awaiting the opening of the tycoon elements"
,Recommended,293760,17775768,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MasterBETA,"Disclaimer: Obviously this game is under development so when it is officially released this will have to be drastically updated.First off I am not much of a car guy, but I wanted to learn more about it to just have a working cursory knowledge about them. This product seemed and is very informative and allows you to learn a great deal about different parts of the car and the evolution of an industry as a whole. They advertise it as ""edutainment"" and it really is. The knowledge and user-friendly application of gaming elements allows you to learn ""first-hand"" about cars. I obviously am not the best at this game, so I can't verify how fun it is for a gear head, but I think it would even be fun for them. I am actually mostly looking forward to the campaign mode and building a business and running the behind the sense things appeals to me (I am in the mutual fund world in real life). Anyways I have had a few interactions with the Dev team and they are nice and seem to care about you unlike other publishers *cough* EA *cough*."
,Recommended,293760,17894218,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,boltonky,Automation - The Car Company Tycoon Game brings the fun of building cars back to the player.The past and up coming updates to the game has really changed what it was from early versions to something alot more fluid and better graphics.I can't wait for the tycoon part of the game to come out as it could take this game to the next level.I am disapointed i must say in the current engine selection and lack of trim / adjustable area's but lets just hope the game takes off more and there is no need for PAID DLC as i understand they are already under alot of pressure.To the team/dev's/testers etc thank you and continue the great work.
76561198017693074,Recommended,293760,17909470,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RUXX,"Bought this title yesterday. This is one awesome concept of a game. Ok it's early access so early days and a bit buggy. But I like to see how these things develop. I hope the developers , when this game is finished would consider doing a similar things with motorbikes?"
76561198158770199,Recommended,293760,17932124,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dangerous Almond,"There are so many possibilities with this amazing simulator. I'd say any gear head should get this for his/her entertainment. It is wonderful. There are a few things that I'm waiting for still, such as interior editing. And, a more wide rim choise. Over all, this is a great game."
76561198042818367,Recommended,293760,17862123,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LoosedSubset646,"This game is amazing, I love playing it. The only problem I have is that ever since they released it I haven't been able to play. All that shows up is error after error, and every time I click on something an error comes up. I've done the whole delete and redownload thing over and over, but to no fruition. If I knew how to fix the problem this game would get a 50/10, but since they haven't responded to my e-mails nor have they done anything to fix it since March, so I have to take them down to a 10/10. PLEASE FIX, this game was my LIFE"
76561198147896660,Recommended,293760,18479542,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Vinny Scarletto,"There's not a whole lot to say about this game. If you've ever wanted to design cars, buy it. Right now there's a lot of stuff to play with and the devs are actually adding things as the months progress. As of right now (mid october, 2015) we've been promised V12 engines to compliment our V8's and Sixes, as well as Inline 4s and Sixes. The game has a lot of fun features and will eventually become even more than just a sandbox world for you to live out your Harley Earl and Ed Cole fantasies. And if you know who those two are, you really should get this game."
,Recommended,293760,18451641,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mortadablo,"Very cool, Needs a bit more fine tuning and added engines."
,Recommended,293760,18461844,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,grayfox313,"A must play for anyone into engines or machines in general. Creating your own engines and cars is quite fun, but the real fun is trying to recreate already existing engines and cars. Although that might just be me. 4A-GE FOREVER!"
,Recommended,293760,18494700,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Fluttershy,"Though the game may not be finished quite yet, it is pretty well able to be shipped out to the public in its current form! I love that you can create a car in almost any way you want! The only thing I have to say I dislike is the fact that in Sandbox mode, if I mess something up in my engine, I have to guess what the problem is... Other than that and the occasional crashes, it's a rather amazing game! I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,293760,22957378,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kairu_Kilofski,"It is by no means a bad game, infact it is one of the best Tycoon games I have seen. I only had it a small amount of time due to my PC not really being up to snuff to handle it properly before I refunded it and got some other games that were kinder to my PC. I had already seen quite alot about this game before-hand and found that I would enjoy it. It isn't really a game that I can review well in written text, but there are many videos on the internet and it is probably best to take a look at some of them before you decide to purchase this game.I only have a few problems with this game, mostly minor things but I do also think that the cost is a bit high and could probably be lowered to £15 instead of £22.99."
,Recommended,293760,18439321,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,LennyJ the T-Sided Terrorist,"Of course it has it's bugs, But ultimately the car game I've been looking for.  All I wanted to do was be able to make my own engine from scratch, and this brought me that."
,Recommended,293760,18307409,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MRTis,The sound of back fire is ♥♥♥♥ing terifying :D
76561198163499760,Recommended,293760,18650820,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mwsiegel19,I cannot wait for you guys to throw in superchargers for v8s and open hoods thatl be great. i wanna make a drag racer momy
,Recommended,293760,18670053,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Котик,"Huge Potential! I have a 1970 Buick Skylark and love working on cars and this is just the coolest game for car  builders. it is early access so there is definetly alot of work to be done, but lots of fun so far. here a few things you should add,-supercharger-camshaft customization (lobe seperation, intake/exhaust duration)-ability to customize gear ratios-actual test drive the vehicles (might take some work so no hard feelings if you cant)-add different carburators (holley, edelbrock)-change stance of the vehicle (front is lower than rear)-full color customization by peice-interior view-abilitity to modify chassi to accomodate larger engines in smaller cars-tire choice-performance stickers-a 1/4 drag strip track-more american muscle body styles!!!!!i know its alot but you hav a great start to an awesome game. already recomended to all my buddies on my muscle car forum. keep up the good work and cant wait to see what this turns into"
76561198065432885,Recommended,293760,18604266,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dadkota96,"I give this game a 9/10. I love it, im a car geek so being able to deign my own vehicles and especially engines is awesome! This game fufills much of my wants from a car game. The only reason it gets a 9 and not a perfect score is becasue of the bugs and the oddly set up UI. I understand its an early access game and that there will be bugs but they get fustrating sometimes.To the devs: I would LOVE to see superchargers and single turbos to come out soon!"
,Recommended,293760,18832167,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,lord_flick,Loving it thus far. Getting impatient with excitement for campaign mode and multiplayer.also hoping to see boxer engines but above all I just respect the massive project that these gentlemen are taking on by making this game.
76561198229342536,Recommended,293760,18213045,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,reesa78,ADD A ROLLBAR
76561198048377305,Recommended,293760,18213182,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Grask,"this game is going to be fantastic!!And this early access is alot of fun...Only tried it for some hours, and i have totaly fallen for it :DRecomendet for petrolheads  :)Per"
76561198026151406,Recommended,293760,17915524,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DruBaru,Its Awesome. Can see the growing pains of early development. Its only missing the driving Aspect. But for What it is it's awesome! I love building and testing engines. Wish there was more variety of block choices (Ie V12 and Flat 4 and supercharging.) but you can Learn alot about cars in this program. Keep working On it and really pushing the limits.
,Recommended,293760,17112482,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,khristian4444,Yes this game is worth getting to now.But still far form being great.The  game can load and save the cars you made so far with problem.But there new bug when I made more samler simlar trim models then  trim  gone missing and reveat back to the blank car model and don't why? That just sailly bug.But beside that the game is more better running too eevn on my 2011 laptop.
,Recommended,293760,17870461,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[LG] Scripttkitty,Very indept game. Its engineering art in a game. who would hate extremly realistic car building? This is a must for car lovers. Gotta love it
,Recommended,293760,17550662,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Asdreno,"One of my favorite Games at the momement. Even though i only use the Sandbox, i keep playing the game a lot. Everytime trying new ideas.I think you have to be a car nut, to enjoy the game at this Early Access Stage. I am most certainly one. There are some little annoying bugs at the moment, but this is an Early Access, so keep that in mind.Can't wait for the final Game."
76561198212293125,Recommended,293760,21066748,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,theRealMurders,I love this game so much that I replicated my 5.0 Coyote Engine in my Mustang down to the last detail possible. Petrolheads won't be dissapointed
,Recommended,293760,21058434,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Max,Great game.
76561198078387622,Recommended,293760,20964766,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dilzer666,"got this game with a slightly underpowered computer, still doesnt handle the game too well, but from what ive seen on youtube, and what i managed to do so far its a great game and i look forward to recreating my favourite cars when i upgrade my setup"
,Recommended,293760,21003285,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AirMarshalDoge,"Extremley enjoyable game, though it is in early access but some things are great others need fixing and adding a V10, Superchargers and allowing the v12 and v10 to have turbos would be much appreciated"
76561198046581678,Recommended,293760,20863288,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,BloxyBoi,"I made a car with the body of an Mp4-12c and made everything out of very expensive materials. The v8 engine managed to  bring the top speed up to about 260 mph. It had 0 desirability in all of the car markets due to its minimum of about $18,000,000 price if I didn't want to lose money on each one sold.10/10 will await for the tycoon aspect to become a thing and bankrupt my company the second I make my first car."
76561198054562272,Recommended,293760,20987955,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Crazeslash,"I really love this game.the possibilities in this game are endless, more people need to get this game they don't know what the're missing10/10"
,Recommended,293760,21182829,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zoidsfan77,"This is one of my favorite games!I really cannot wait to see where this game goes.If it continues on it's current path, I think it will do really well!"
76561198067198869,Recommended,293760,21183629,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Monkey Mouth,"A good little game. Simpler than the alternative (GearCity) which is a bonus.Though, it is a bit expensive for a game as small as this, so I would highly recommend getting this on a deal or picking up cheap wherever you can.If nothing else, it's a good time waster."
,Recommended,293760,21042757,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FireHawk27,"Never really took a change with an Early Access game. Never trusted buying a partial done game, but I love cars, I love engineering, and I love tycoon cames. The tycoon part isn't done but I still see myself doing over 100 hours on this game if not more! This is easily one of my top games on steam and has been since installation. I can always put it down whenever and pick it up again and get the same enjoyment. Great work for such a small team!"
76561198088139384,Recommended,293760,21207114,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Don Julio,Even though the game is not completed. I still find myself spending hours building cars and engines. I can't wait for the campaign and online mode to be finished.
76561198079808531,Recommended,293760,19817830,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,OH BOB SAGET!,"After what seemed like a slow start this game keeps adding more and more on seems like a monthly basis. As of right now the current content doesn't justfiy 30 USD price. So overall story is if a game about building cars and willing to wait it out then go for it. If you still need more to want to buy, WAIT!"
76561198038691468,Recommended,293760,19508467,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dlink98,"This game so far is awesome the aspect of the game is genuis i could spend hours building engines, i think they need to add engine layouts like V12, V10, Boxer, Rotary, Deisel engines as a fuel type would be awesome too and W16 platform engines would be awesome and being able to drive the cars would be the cherry on the top."
,Recommended,293760,19981495,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Friendly Friend,"I learned a little bit more about how an engine works in just a few hours of playing this game. While the campaign has yet to finish development, I found a few hours of good game play just going through the scenarious and tutorials. This is a game I'll keep installed on my computer for while and switch in and out whenever I want to feel productive and don't want to make a trip out to staples or home depot.Once the anaimations get a little more polished and the game's campaign mode is ready to play, pick it up and try it out."
,Recommended,293760,20014836,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,c0deater,"i loved working on cars with my dad, so i figured this game would serve me well, because i also like to make things.The game so far has no bugs at all, but is somewhat limited. rotary engines would be cool, as well as more car body presets.More badges and a FPV driving instead of just the track view would also be really cool.could use some paint patterns and more lights.i realize this game is alpha, but these are all things i would like to see in version 1.0overall, i give the game a 9/10. fantastic game for the price that can only get better with time and updates."
,Recommended,293760,19965573,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,msanti84,"Still early access. But building engines is such a cool rewarding experience. Instead of the standard car game upgrade system (Turbo Upgrade 1, 2, 3, etc) you get to adjust real parameters that impact performance in real ways. If you've got even a fraction of an engineer's mind, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,293760,20388890,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,john ッ,"This game is fun if you love cars. I love to ♥♥♥♥ around and make it so that my VW Minibus is a v8 twin turbocharged 1000hp beast. No tycoon aspect at the moment but there are tons of scenarios that are given to you, like having to build a car with certain requirements or having to build an engine with this amount of max HP and fuel economy etc. Really fun game. One thing though, I don't know if its a me thing but when you click workshop or shift+tab theres no way of getting back into the game without having to restart it. Also would be pretty cool if we can choose when the supercharger/turbocharger kicks in."
,Recommended,293760,20454173,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pete Igman,"Great game! Two easy words.[Further review]Wanted to break 300MPH and almost did, then I realized the engine would suffocate and had to put on more intakes so now it only does 260 qqrip pigs dreamTell me if you make a car that does 300! (MPH, NOT KMH)"
,Recommended,293760,20061209,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sleek,"43 hours played in the game after buying it 3 days ago.No game has made me do this before and I love it.As someone aspiring to design cars this is nearly everything i'd want in a game like this and I am looking forward to the future updates, improvements, and features,"
76561198084994908,Recommended,293760,20068445,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rootwo,I do recomend the game but there is only one minnor flaw that i ecountered which is when you go to choose you engine for your car  it gos onto the models again and there all locked
76561198211895483,Recommended,293760,20225476,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bobbycarverton,"very good game so far... ive played for a few hours and i realised that the sandbox mode is not working and i cannot launch the game with the option menu or the desktop shortcut (my pc has all the requirements that i need to play this game) so, i dont know if this is a bug or else... but its sad that i cannot use the game and save my profiles proprely. an update would be greatly appreciatedkeep up the good work(sorry for bad grammar)"
,Recommended,293760,21380651,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BecauseAnimeLogic,"I think this is a great game with lots of potential, designing your own engine is hard, but rewarding and making replika engines and cars is very fun once you get the hang of it. Only thing I really miss is having more engine options, I would really like to have the option to build a rotary (wankel) engine, because I love that configuration, also experimenting with hybrid drivelines and maybe some experimental engine configs would be awesome. There is also this new thing in development that would be fun to experiment with is Freevalve tech. As I say a good game with lots of potential."
,Recommended,293760,21396990,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CyBeR,Amazing Game consept
,Recommended,293760,21198777,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,shawntmobile225,"If you could fix those stupid Lua errors, that'd be great."
76561198071622416,Recommended,293760,23666974,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,zerghut,It's a good game and I play it now and then. But everytime I want to play it the game starts to load and then it crashes. I have no clue why but I just uninstal and reinstall the game and it sometimes works.
76561198278474390,Recommended,293760,23561386,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BubbaFett23,Great Simulator.  I would love if single rotor all the way up to 12 rotor engines would be added with turbos.  Maybe even all kinds of superchargers and nitrous would be awesome
,Recommended,293760,23032281,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Laachax,"Like cars? Well here is your game! Don't like cars, well at least this will make you appreciate them.This game is absolutely fantastic, it isn't the most indepth, but what it does do is superb. If you don't already know everything about cars, this game will teach you a simplified overview of how cars tick.Really no downsides; it may seem like a steep price, but trust me it is money extremely well spent."
76561198002779741,Recommended,293760,23323839,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AlexV,Pretty interesting game. Still very raw but I hope that in the end it will be real great
,Recommended,293760,23448668,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MumbleMcFumble,"I stumbled apon this game on Car Throttle and being a guy that loves anything to do with engines I had to give it a go to see if it took my fancy and sure enough I feel in love with it, the idea that I can built and tune engines without getting my hands dirty is awesome and being able to completely design a car from scratch is a hell of a lot of fun.  Great game."
76561198155084896,Recommended,293760,20616738,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,FADEDHART,like the game but it needs more engines like rotary and diesel and more front suspentions like solid axial and can you add superchargers but mostly can you add a gamemode so we can drive our own cars on the test track
,Recommended,293760,23409302,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Nuclassterfi,This game is awesome!
76561198052829873,Recommended,293760,23285467,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Clayne,The recent build is having troubles with engine stats. I'm unable to build a engine and get the performance specs out of it at the moment. Otherwise the game rolls fine.
76561198167850675,Recommended,293760,25116122,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mr.slowly,This is a great smooth game. I would definetely reccomend this to people on steam who like and understand cars.
76561198092999363,Recommended,293760,20716833,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Geno1664,"TD:LR: Many recent negative reviews are about the lak of development in the past year or so. But this has all been work on a MASSIVE update, so I feel it is justified.This game is definetly in my top 10  sim games of all time. This is due to its fantastic car desinger, which is praised many times over. And now, with the tycoon features coming, as well as a complete graphical overhall, I am more excited than ever.In the reviews, however, you will find many who say that updates are slow, especially in the past year, of which I can agree. However, I have seen many indie early access projects fail from implementing too much, too fast. Along with Stonehearth, I think it is better to go slow and fix all the problems before adding more content.The reason progress has been so slow as of late is that the team is working on the aformentioned graphical upgrade and Tycoon element. This has greatly slowed down the frequency of updates to the game. However, the team has released a video at least once a month while working on this update, and judging them, this update is NOT half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ While it won't have all the features of the full game, it looks like a solid experience. And if it is not, I will make sure to come back and adjust this review."
,Recommended,293760,26329185,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rogue309,Wondering if we will ever see any of the early type engine designs in this game. I was hoping they would add flat heads at the least at some point as they were a major part of automotive history.
76561198066132860,Recommended,293760,22634905,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ALexus,Looks promising. I'm really looking forward to the career mode.things i'd love to see:wankel's engineboxer enginedieselssuperchargersMOAR bodies (the comunity got very lively lately - a lot of player made models appeared)
76561198124984852,Recommended,293760,25096926,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hydra Salesman,"Great game, no tycoon aspects though. Can anyone tell me how to reduce lag?"
,Not Recommended,293760,21587364,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,stankiem,"EDITED REVIEW Sept 2016:  If you're looking for a proper car dev tycoon, get GearCity.  The developers of Automation are just honestly too slow with making this game, much slower then they should be with the amount of sales they have had and the resources they should be able to bring to it, and honestly I don't think they are capable of making a proper tycoon aspect in this game based on their progress with the lite campaign.  All choices for the entire company are made through the car design screen (prices of the car etc...) this game crashes CONSTANTLY and gets lots of different error messages.  It only does any simulation once a month at month's end, feedback in the campaign is nearly non-existent, very few tooltips anywhere so it's hard to make decisions.  Can't reuse engines between car designs.  Factories seem to be tied to a single car only, so that when you are done making a car you need to build a new factory every time.  Seems like it would make sense to design these systems correctly from the get-go instead of trying to go back and redesign all these systems later on.The car designing aspect of the game is a hundred miles ahead of any other car tycoon game I've ever seen, but the rest of this game just seems an utter mess and even if the devs are capable of fixing it. You're quite honestly looking at 2 to 3 years until it is a playable tycoon game IMO.  I will edit my review in a couple of patches again I'm sure, as this is a game I WANT to succeed, but the devs need to put in the effort / hire more help to make it happen in a reasonable time and that just doesn't seem to be happening.ORIGINAL REVIEW March, 2016:  I finally got to spend some quality time with Automation and holy cow what a simulation they have so far!!  I am thoroughly impressed.  If they pay as much detail to the tycoon aspects of this game as they did to the car building aspects this will be amazing!  The only thing that I would like to improve in the car building part of the game is more control over the interior of a car, it's mostly just sliders and checkboxes right now.  They could really bring it to the next level by giving us more control over this.  The markets seem well throught out and a very good starting point to the tycoon play.  This will likely be amazing once the full game is fleshed out.  HURRY UP!!!  =)"
76561198091953871,Recommended,293760,26642012,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,winter_noir,"Here's how we play it: my son design the exterior for about an hour, then I tinker with the engines etc for half an hour or so.Fun to play, keeps the kid distracted :)"
76561198028153429,Recommended,293760,26056769,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,dulundu,Türkçe dil desteği istiyoruz
76561197993180227,Recommended,293760,14867907,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,skmasterhian,"for a car nut who obsesses about engines, there is no better game than this, kudos to the developer!"
76561198098473166,Recommended,293760,15029140,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,OsGiken,cant wait for the full game
76561198086231157,Recommended,293760,15029276,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Sincostan,.
,Recommended,293760,15029555,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,killacam4207,needs alot more work to be a real game
76561198002454188,Recommended,293760,15030592,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jack The Drunk,It's interesting
76561197993223950,Recommended,293760,15024658,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,St34mfunk,"I am no where near being considered a gearhead but I have a deep respect for those who are and I also have a respect for a fine automobile.  With that being said, I have just built and tested my first vehicle. A 1940's classic. This game has SO MUCH potential for those who love designing and creating all the while teaching them about auto mechanics and the inner workings of vehicles. The videos are great and we need more! Tips and tricks video would also be great. I would love to see more graphics for the vehicles (stripes , flames and customization for the vehicles themselves.) I would love to see a test track where YOU can drive the vehicle. How about motorcycles too!???? I would love that. Trucks? Sure!  So far I love it. Keep up the good work, developers!"
76561198049861447,Recommended,293760,15106136,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RussoBong,"I'm a total car nut. When I saw this game pop up on my Steam, I did not even hesitate. In fact, I was quite excited. The potential that this game has is immense. Even though it is early access, I have found myself creating my entire line up of cars from affordable city cars, to flagship supercars.I cannot wait for the tycoon mode to be implemented!"
76561198001772836,Recommended,293760,15042088,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,"Comhidda ""I quit gaming"" rip",Put a 11000 Cc Twin Turbo Engine in a Station wagon.Does 6 MPGCosts 8 Million dollars to produce.40/10 Would make greenpeace cry again.Note to dev: please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up please don't screw this up
76561198179193362,Recommended,293760,15102752,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JoseTheGamer69,This game may run at a steady 10-15 frames per seconds at all times but i still love this game. i may not not be any good at   anything about this game but its still entertaining and also somewhat educational
,Recommended,293760,15086817,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,corycash2006,"Epic game and great idea, but i cant make the diffrent versions of my car this case my suv land stalker, i cant make my base model and my premium model diffrent all the tiems get locked other than that its gtreat."
76561198048233407,Recommended,293760,19596174,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Grim Reaper,awesome customisation but nowhere near finished love it
76561198195800129,Recommended,293760,19738649,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Apollo,Best game for engine mechanic I recommend this game.
,Recommended,293760,19735972,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,djold,sadly wouldnt load for me but the premice of the game still sounds appealing
,Recommended,293760,22169368,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,bosswarrior28,"Very good game, goes into depth about the creation of cars and how they are manufactured. You need to make smart choices about materials. Overall i would highly recomend this game"
76561198090018802,Recommended,293760,21845762,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MR Tank,Nice time killer.....a year goes by and no career mode?
,Recommended,293760,22073875,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Benry2000,"Very fun, hope this game stays awesome!"
76561198291449226,Recommended,293760,22171268,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,darkshine5,"Have been waiting for a game like this for a long time. While it is not yet completed the modification of chassis/body/engine is very good. highly recommened to anyone that likes the vehicle modification style of things rather than a game that you can just change body kits and minor engine and suspension components. NOT a racing game but a very detailed Simulator for the complete construction of a vehicle.What I would like to see further in development would be different/ more variety air filters especially the 4bbl and 2bbl racefilters would it be possible to engineer a more traditional velocity stack and or multple filters for twin 4bbl carbs?Supercharging, could you run a simple positive displacement blower with mods to cfm per revelution and max boost with the pulley changing size (visually) as you increased or decreased boost, and a simple non-intercooled/intercooled option that simply raised the blower 3 inches higher.Then an option for a centrifugul supercharger with mods to a/r ratio, compressor size, and max boost as per the current turbo arangement with the compressor changing sizes and pulley (again visually) and use the current turbo intercooler options?Turbocharging, single turbo option for V engines.Diesel, could  diesel possibly be as simple as adding a option to the carb/injection screen with a simple common rail and single throttle option?MORE BONNET SCOOPS PLEASE reverse cowl, shaker?, hornet scoop (small), single offset (ie early gt falcon)And more Wheel options a few more 2000+ style factory alloys suited from 16-20 inches?Sorry to rabble but I know that the Devs are working hard and that they listen to all ideas and the automation community and my hats off to them for making this a realityThis game/Idea is BRILLIANT 10/10"
76561198093651060,Recommended,293760,21728979,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ugameuk,"This game truly does have a great potential. However, it is lacking quite a lot of components now. Apart from the crashes, it is lacking quite a bit of detail, for example, there isn't even an option for a blow-off valve for the turbo and no hybrids. Also, the lack of interior design and the ability to drive the ca or at least see it in action in 3D instead of just a 2D map makes the gameplay quite unrealistic. So the devs do have a lot to work on, but it is certainly worth it to invest in it."
,Recommended,293760,22000917,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Dronez,"The game is great, the engine builder is great. But its a WIP and thats definitely noticable. I'd hold off on a $30 USD buy for awhile unless you're a mechanic wanting to brush up on things, or just a car enthusiast."
76561198003400565,Recommended,293760,21985769,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,markjclegg,Really interesting game and one that I wish the team thats working on it every success. Without doubt something people should pick up.
76561198277132592,Recommended,293760,22459776,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,djr.gocargo,10/10 would car make again
,Recommended,293760,19281492,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Egbert320,Cant wiat for the campaign and multiplayer! Love it so far though!
76561197987645919,Recommended,293760,19432610,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,shadowcaster,If you like designing cars then I would recomend this to you !!! My son and I have spent hours with this program and only had it a couple of days.This is only the part of the whole game as it is not complete yet but it has us hooked
76561197999561839,Recommended,293760,18893486,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,2L82W8,"**Updated Review** (Dec 4th 2015)When I bought the game, I misunderstood the Tycoon elements as imminent. The Devs have really increased comm. around the long road ahead before that happens on the Store page, and responding to individual posts as well. As a result, I am changing my review to a ""recommend"".On to the game itself, (coming from a person who is mostly into the Tycoon aspect): In my brief time with the game, I followed the provided objectives to fine tune a series of engines. Using an increasing number of menu sliders, you raise/lower those until you get the right combination.I learnt some things along the way about engines (nice!), and then ran out of motivation-gas to keep playing... until the Tycoon aspect becomes playable.Once I can Tycoon the heck out of the beasts I hope to create, I have a feeling the motivation to master mechanics of car tuning / creation itself will feel more rewarding too."
76561198146755687,Recommended,293760,19487162,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,theminidude1234,i love this game
76561198069626125,Recommended,293760,15169198,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,DanceToTrance,I want car build. Car build came. Happy. Pant explode. Happy. Car. Car/10
,Recommended,293760,19185694,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Vladimir Putin,A great Automotive tycoon game where  you can build your own car line.  This is actually  quite fantastic. while it is still in early  realease and there are tons of changes and additions made to it now and then  and on top of the great selection of workshop items  to add to the game.   This is more of a techical game and it's focus is completely  on building the  cars themselves from the floor up frame  body style and engine.  you can give specifications to the interior but not make actual physical changes toit...yet?that might be something cool to see. you can  see how well the car performs by having your tame racing driver take it a spin around a track which you have two to chose from.. which one definitely isn't the top gear test track.  You do have an option to add other custom tracks.  the cars you make can be very unique.  This game still has a LONG way to go  but  is worth the money to spend. it already is worth its price..and as said not even finished.  if you are into  Cars and Tycoon games  get this game. If you love the techinical  side of car building...get this game. if  you are looking for a racing game this isn't it... but still get it because it is awesome.
76561198079676311,Recommended,293760,19210376,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,WhutThePhuq,need to make boxer engines! flat 4's or diesels! game is already alot of fun.
76561197979302191,Recommended,293760,19350134,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,{LSK} Otacon,"If your a car person, there is no other game.  I love everything about engines, so a game where I can just sit around for hours designing and tuning engines and cars is a dream come true. The only thing missing is being able to test drive your creations as opposed to having a computer run a simulated lap time."
76561198004165811,Recommended,293760,19360103,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Alex Kass,"The game has really nice tech part. But yet lacks almost everything.What to improve:- More types of parts (for example, it has only Inline 4/6 and some V engines, no I3, I2, Diesel engines)- Camera control while assembling a car (look at Car Mech Sim)- Add driving mode for track (yep, I wanna try to drive my creation)- Add Dyna StandStill there are no economics part of the game. Just create a car, look at specs (incl. price) - that's all. Waiting to be implemented.Great for car geeks at this point."
76561198023971921,Recommended,293760,19124599,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ICStarz,"I cannot wait for the tycoon part of this game to launch! I already find myself hypnotized by power curves and Tweaking different parts of the engine to get the best performance out of an economical engine...Turns out I'm an economy guy.The game is very basic to learn, and looks like it will be quite complex to master which will suit people with patience. This is not a quick 'sugar rush' type game. I have really high hopes that this will be a thinking man's game. The devs also have a lot of youtube content out which I highly recommend checking out before you make your decision on this game. I enjoy theit passion for the project and that generally bodes well for an early access indy game."
76561198262388506,Recommended,293760,19304947,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,chezzvell,"This game is exactly what I've been looking for so many years. I am pleased to see that something like this is at my finger tips. I will assume better graphics are on the way. I do have a few suggestion. A free play mode/racing/in car view/ commutes A-Z gas stops for mpg testing and free roam. More options for customizaton like mirrors, body kits, sun roofs, rims and tires. Otherwise keep up the good work. I support this game."
,Recommended,293760,21426676,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Covfefe,"although i like this game really much, i'm bothered that it's not working well on my pc. i dunno when the dev will fix it(i'm really looking foward to it). oh, and please, let us reduce stroke a little longer (i couldn't build a family of engines because of this)."
76561198035022326,Recommended,293760,21468346,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zires,im loving it! just hope to see them release more than petrol piston engines (ie rotaries) lots of promise.
,Recommended,293760,21615315,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Neb,Excellent engine sandbox/simulator
,Recommended,293760,24032707,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Captain Firebeard,"So far for an alpha version, I see a lot of promise in this game! I don't understand much about cars, but with all the little tips and info it gives regarding what everything does, it's a very fleshed out game so far. Looking forward to getting to play the finished product one day :)"
,Recommended,293760,24098929,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sokanas,"Car noises and engine design. 10/10Should the developers look at adding the ability to drive designed vehicles that would be amazing, but possibly unrealistic."
,Recommended,293760,24868088,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,PhafaeL -夢現-,"This game is a must have if you are majoring/planning to major Automotive or Mechanical Engineering. It's a virtual encyclopaedia of cars, and it has taught me lots of things in just ten minutes of gameplay. Yes, it may be slow at updates and isn't exactly a tycoon game, but I think the main reason this game was made was to teach people how cars work and how to work on them, especially if you're looking forward to become an engineer."
,Recommended,293760,22929660,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Wrar,"This is a great tycoon game for car enthusiasts who want to bang out certain concepts. Its interesting to see what generates positive scores and what doesn't, or figuring out different ways to achieve a goal. Updated with meaningful content frequently!"
76561198087777080,Recommended,293760,22358836,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,tone7283,really wish i could play on mac. i had a pc when i bought the game and then had to switch to mac due to schooling situations. I cant paly anymore becasue i guess it isnt compatable on mac. if someone knows of a way to get it to work with mac please let me know.
76561198272563266,Recommended,293760,22710645,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ethancreevy,"It is an amazing game for petrolheads (like Me) i really hope the devs add rotary engine and superchargers as well as better backgrounds and music! I really think this is the best from scratch car designer on steam, EVER! I really can't wait for next big update! ^_^!"
,Recommended,293760,22853257,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kuuranpuraus,Really into cars? Want to tinker with everything?
,Recommended,293760,19776923,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jonthefuzz,"I’m rewriting this review because the first one didn’t do it justice. This is the best early access Games on steam and in my top five most played games on steam. The amount of detail put into this game so far is amazing, especially for a game that isn't even half done. The developers have great respect for their fans. you can pretty much make any car you can think of from a Yugo to a Lambo. The engine designer is the most fleshed out for any game i have played without being cryptic like a professional engine designer the real companies use. You may not be able to make racecars or tuners but that's not the point, your job is to make regular production cars and this game does it the best out of any. If you looking for a game where you can make pretty much any car you want, this is the best for your money."
,Recommended,293760,16913320,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,C_,"Automation is a ABSOULUTELY epic game! Cars from start to finish! Epic Engines,Awesome engines The Car designer e.t.cAll i can say is that this thing is going to be glued to my games libary"
,Recommended,293760,16939277,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Corolla FX-GT,"Let me start off by saying: This is an absolutley brilliant game.You just know that the team behind it, small they may be, are truly dedicated to making a game that is not only fun but realistic, something that other games of this genre often fail to be.And you know the team at Camshaft Software actually enjoy the topic in which their game is based on, cars. Seeing the developers actually competing in events and being a part of the HVMC (a motorsport club) really reassures the fact that these people are making a game based on something that they enjoy/love.The game is amazing to play. personally I will just spend ages on sandbox messing around with different cars and engines. I cannot wait until the 'campaign' gamemode is released.One thing that I would like to see introduced is more engine types. Maybe the ability to have diesels, 10 and 12cyl engines and some rotary action would be nice.Other than that, keep up the good work. And to anyone looking at purchasing this game, do it, you won't regret it."
76561197970768605,Recommended,293760,16465973,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,VincentC,"I designed a small family hatchback. It features a L4 1.3 engine which produces 463 HP, goes 0-100km/h in 5.5 seconds with the top speed of 337.2 km/h and lap the Nordschleife under 8 minutes.This car, truly is, perfect for moms driving to groceries and pick up kids from school.Would by this car for my wife in real life. 11/10"
76561198007911069,Recommended,293760,16455608,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vinyl Scratch,Such a great game to waste hours in. A really great community on the Automation forums really gives the game some purpose as the tycoon mode is not yet implemented.
76561198014375923,Recommended,293760,16455960,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Falcon351C,"I have to say I love this game. As it stands it is a good game, and I am very much looking forward to the full game. If you love cars, engine buliding, or mechanical puzzles this game is for you. Personaly i would wait till a sale because $30 seems too much for this game at this point in early access."
,Recommended,293760,16767887,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,OOHH YEAH MR. KRABS,"Challenging, crashy but a great learning tool.  I rate 86/100 IGN 10/10"
76561198094424425,Recommended,293760,16786999,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Raminator,"To understand how the game work and how to use all the tools can take a couple minutes, you will find this game very addictive, since you always try to improve your cars and engines. You can build your car from scratch or use a pre-made model also choose from a front,middle,rear engine as well as 2x4 and 4x4. The engine customization is just amazing with over 100+ choice of parts and tuning - (timing,ignition,air intake,exhaust diameter,fuel mixture,turbos,I4,I6,V6,V8 and rpm) are the choices you have from many others. This is an early acces game but still very complete,the Engine Designer and Car Designer already available for you to try out."
76561198004516666,Recommended,293760,15895451,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[HH]Hyadum,"Very realistic settings, lets you design, test and tweak chassis and engines like a pro. Sandbox mode has no limits on what you can design. Can't wait for the full release."
,Recommended,293760,15244097,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RazrTheFox,amazing game...................hope to see career mode come of soon
76561198121847320,Recommended,293760,15911390,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,BIG RUSSIAN BOSS,Without the Russian language you can not understand . Add Russian language please. If necessary - help
76561198101833268,Recommended,293760,16718552,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Chewie,"Pardon my French, but this game is really ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Although it's still in early access and some parts aren't done yet I can tell it's going to be hella nice when its finished. Definitely recommend. asdf"
,Recommended,293760,15273680,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,johnkilo3,"Excellent game for an early access title, not to mention that there are only 3 people working on it. This is basically the kind of game I have been looking for my entire life. The closest I have come to finding something like this is an old DOS program simply called ""Car Test."" You entered in the parameters and saw performance data. Nothing as in depth as Automation, though. My hopes will be that there will be a huge selection of head lights/tail lights, and all the add-on pieces, as the parts that are currently in the game don't fit well with every body style. I'm sure that the selection will be increased in the future. I would also hope to have more control over the molding of the body shape. Only suggestions I would make is to improve the graphics. The game is quite taxing for the quality of the graphics. Also, I read in the fact this would be a gigantic effort, but being able the drive the car you create would be amazing."
76561198077893319,Recommended,293760,15563161,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,windchaser,haveing a bug problem. the game will not launch just says prepareing to launch
76561198073091231,Recommended,293760,15703449,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,fiddehet,"I like this game. I will soon graduate as a car mechanic and for the last big test we had in school i used this game as a study software. The only negative thing with this for me is that the test was in swedish so there was some translation needed but sense swedish isnt a major languege I always expect to.I would say that the ""finish"" of a car is rather boring. loking at a map and watching a dot go around isnt that fun.My tip for the developers is to have the model running so you can see how everything works as it drives around the track.But in the end it is great fun to just build whatever in and a great help for education.99.9 points of 100"
76561198155254187,Recommended,293760,15632600,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,aky141,"Bloody Great, Indepth and Creative.Will be something special on release"
76561198220294540,Recommended,293760,15846472,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,irahaza37,I just wish to have more engine modification options like v6 v12 and superchargers those kind of stuff
76561198154710031,Recommended,293760,20627691,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,potato_king98,love the game. its one of a kind for engine building. i think thay should add diesel engines
76561198120350973,Recommended,293760,20122491,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,123MGD,this game amazed me on sooooooo many levels idk where to start wowill probly strat with: the game its selfyou make every single thing of a car
76561198215498841,Recommended,293760,20168038,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,eatinchevys,the single best car game ive ever played
76561198146163416,Recommended,293760,21808770,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tomislav,very good
,Recommended,293760,24824976,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,j60dnl,"I have a love / hate with this game.I love the idea of it and its possibilities. I've spent about a year on/off playing it and can appreciate it is a big task for a dev team of 3 to manage. Although after a year, it feels not a lot has changed. Even though my PC exceeds the minimum requirements - the game is still clunky and fidgety. And (from what I gather through forums etc) unless you know a bit about graphic design - you're stuck with the limited selection of headlamps etc / workshop items available. So after a while, it get's a little repetitive.I follow the Devs Youtube so am aware it's a constantly maintained project and hope that soon we will start to see real progress from a users perspective.So saying that, yep - would recommend but with understanding that this is far from the finished article."
76561198243758758,Recommended,293760,25799217,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Killdroid141,im having problems starting the game up it keeps saying 'steam hast to be running to play this game' so i started it through steam its still mot workin but a reall good game to play
76561198253571285,Recommended,293760,25296225,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Driver2900,now first this to say about this game is: yes this game is more beta then full but if you have the $32 [in canadian] you will make those dollars worth it. it is the best game for car lovers and even if your just looking for some nice sandbox or modern tycoon game its worth it!there's a bit lite campaine coming soon and the dev posts freaqent updates of there develiment and last but no leastthe steam workshop is really good and untainted!BUY IT NOW>
,Recommended,293760,26439466,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vadim (Fransenn),this is a really fun game. and its perfect for petrolheads to screw araound with. the only down side on this game is there is no diesel... and diesel is important. and there is no truck design either like a flat nose or a long nose truck.
76561198002143036,Recommended,293760,27978650,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JP,Good game with great potential.
,Recommended,293760,28170939,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DarkestKnight,"This game is amazingly detailed. It's as legitimate as designing a car inside and out. As in, you don't just pick out parts and call it car, you actually have to do some fiddling around to learn more about the game. My point is, it is very detailed and accurate to life, even in this state. I would advise you to at least try it if you haven't bought it yet. It's an awesome experience that will change your view of cars forever, from the simple ""Everyday vehicle I use to get myself from work to home"", to ""Cars are an artform too"""
76561198194381014,Recommended,293760,28264740,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,HOLEMAN69,Great game and definitly worth buying. My favorite part is how you can choose and make the Engine how ever you choose!
,Recommended,293760,28266771,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Undertow,"If you like cars, buy this game. The amount of stuff you can modify to create a car exactly the way you want it is incredible. This game is exactly what you would expect from a game where you have to build cars. Now, it only lacks the ability to drive them, which i hope will be implemented later. But the devs did a hell of a job on this game, and you can actually learn a lot about how motor vehicles work. Also there are frequent updates so don't be scared by the early access."
,Recommended,293760,28411144,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Papa Aaru,Great game. Great potential cant wait for the full release.
76561198044120571,Recommended,293760,15338294,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,jking615,"Reviewing again. Constant updates, and while it is currently running on its own engine (Buggy as hell sometimes, but wonderful for a from scratch engine), it will soon be on unreal. Everytime I play this game it feels better and better and the constant updates prove that it will soon be the only game in my Library that feels perfect for its market. Very Niche game, but perfect."
76561198271397621,Recommended,293760,27683100,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GameDestiny01,"This game is amazing if you love cars like me, but you cant drive them yourself."
76561198078306673,Recommended,293760,27675608,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gob,Made cool cars. 11/10.Made Hyundai Elantra with a 12 cylinder twin turbo for the memes. 10/10Only complaint is the modding community needs to get their asses in line and make more mods
,Recommended,293760,28482248,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,williamrheawe,i love this game  and it has very indepth repersentation of an car and its parts but whe i downloaded it on my computer after i wiped it  due to beingg c;uttered it would always fail no matter wich problem i fixed another one would appear
,Recommended,293760,26733518,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ajwhite7,Having owned this game from its infancy. I am more than impressed by how far it has come and the improvements that are due to come. I have more fun playing this now than I did to start with!Keep up the great work and I can't wait for the finished product
,Recommended,293760,27087021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eririnturtle,"this game is awesome, try it."
,Recommended,293760,28851908,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Slavislav Slavovic,"Fun to mess around with different engine configurations.  The game has to standardize, there are some trim pieces in the game that reset others."
,Recommended,293760,31925739,Posted: 23 May,all,Sharky,"The game is still in development, but its really fun already. Its challenging to build a small motor with ridiculous power. you learn to understand what engineers in the automotive industry are doing an amazing job all over the place.the only con i can give that game is, that some things are not well explained, if you are playing a mission, you should see your goals and what you have accomplished by pressing tab. thats not implemented but otherwise its a fun game if you are tilted from other games."
,Recommended,293760,31976015,Posted: 26 May,all,weetreat,I love this product and the dev team is so cool and there youtube videos are amazing(https://www.youtube.com/user/AutomationGame).Cant wait to see what you have in store for the next upcoming updates and i remeber when there where no turbos for the V12 and hi killrob
76561198097358744,Recommended,293760,23004181,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Just shat on wolvErine,"Best Car Company Designer EverA car lover'sMUSTpurchase.  You can design vehicles (engines, body, chassis, etc.,)you'll wish you could drive.  Rumoristhat if successful enough, perhaps that can happen, (transferable data to a driving simulator.)InCampain mode,you progress through time evolving your company and it's products from possibly tanking hard, to, succeeding swimmingly.Multi-player modeis in development.Scenario modewill test your skill at more than I could describe at various engine & car design.Sandbox modeis building cars and/or engines to your hearts content.The entire game is currently being converted to the ""Unreal Engine"", as if it didn't look amazing enough.  With what I learned here, I can confidently build an ""actual"" engine that could rival any engine anywhere, given, the scratch for the right parts.  Being a car nerd, I love this game.  So much to learn and keep you entertained, I could go on...The community is decent and often share their creations, challenge each other, and the development team is first rate.  Forget beating my cars,it can't be done.I might be wrong.You won't regret it if youtry.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""I love this game""  &  ""So much to learn"""
,Recommended,293760,29835568,Posted: 10 February,all,Doc Holliday,This is a great game for learning all aspects of engine tuning. With the great 3d models they have you can see every part moving which makes it easy to teach even children how engines work.  The game is fun but I mostly just bought it because it does a really good job at explaining complicated things like how to find the optimal ar ratio for a turbo housing to acheive the best balance of spool up speed to top end power. If you want to just build a car and race it then this game probably isn't for you. If you want to learn how to squeeze every last bit of power out of various engines and enjoy trying to shave fractions of seconds off your laptime then buy this game. Really anyone wanting to learn more about engines would not be left wanting by this game. There's also a lot of stuff in the steam workshop that add to the fun.
76561198052383133,Recommended,293760,29728160,Posted: 5 February,all,mastermonky754,This is the best car building game ive ever seen. The game is still under-devlopment but it's turning into my favorite game. You must build engines and cars to sell and create. I've created very real-life engines in game and they are almost similar.10/10 must play would recommend to others who love cars!
,Recommended,293760,29889691,Posted: 12 February,all,Bryce8161,It is a cool idea and a great game. But suffers horrendously from early access glitches and bugs. It those get fixed and the game gets continuous good updates it couldbe an amazing game. Highly recommended to just sit there and play for a while.
,Recommended,293760,15031844,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TheMetalOne,"I originally had the top rated negative review of this game, because it lacked the tycoon elements that it's title promised. Now that those tycoon elements have been added, I've changed my review to (obviously) a thumbs up.So, we have a game centered around building cars from the ground up, and attempting to sell them to further your business. The building is something that the devs have clearly put a LOT of work into, and it shows. It is extremely detailed, to the point where it may intimidate new users (unless you know virtually everything there is to know about cars). For perspective, I spent two years going through classes in auto mechanics, so I know quite a bit. I still had to rely heavily on the tooltips and tutorials, to gain an understanding of the choices I had to make.Building can be frustrating, at times (god damn valve float!!!), but it is rewarding when you fix the problems and finally get it right. It is a pretty time consuming process to build a car in this game, but it's relatively simple when you break it down into what it is...a series of choices. As mentioned, the tooltips will explain the impact of each choice, and the tutorials are always there if you need a refresher.The tycoon elements are in their infancy, no doubt about it, but they flesh out the game nicely. My main complaint about the game, before their implementation, was that you could spend 30-45 mins making a car...and have nothing to do with it. The lite campaign fixes this, and adds a lot more entertainment value. I'm anxious to see how these features look when they're finished, as I'm sure the devs are too.The main blessing and curse of this game now, is it's realism. If you love simulator games (like I do) then you'll be able to get past the unforgiving nature of the game. What I mean by that is this-Want to make super sports cars, or the finest luxury cars? Well...you can do that, but be aware that the market for those cars is small, and they are extremely expensive to make, just like in real life.It seems to me that the best selling cars are exactly what they are in real life: the cars that are relatively cheap, and have features like good safety and fuel economy. These aren't the most exciting things to create, but that's the nature of a sim game. It's all about realism.Overall, even though the game is still in early access, I now recommend it for purchase. It has enough entertainment value to be worth the price. It's a very interesting game, and quite unique.If you're really into the design and mechanics of cars, this is a must-have game.Thanks to the devs for taking the time to comment on my previous review. I hope this one is more to your liking. Good luck with future additions. I'll continue to watch how things come together, and update the review as necessary."
,Recommended,293760,20223779,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,"*** Edit - Changing review to a thumbs up. Clearly dedicated devs who care about the community and Devs that are delivering what is promised. I eat my hat sirs!!yet another early access game in my library that will probably never be finished, or im pushing up daisies by the time it is.However it has to be a thumbs up if you love engines, i dont, but what is in the game here is very well done.Price tag is too high for a half complete game though, and thats why it gets a thumbs down."
,Recommended,293760,22249885,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,"I mean, It's getting better with every release, It's not exactly where i'd say BUY IT NOW but i can see it's heading in that direction and will definitely be much better once it's out of ""early access""Edited from Negative to Positive"
76561198346649823,Recommended,293760,31099001,Posted: 12 April,all,IRAN.MAN,its the best car building game ever. but it have some works to be what we want.....like designing interior and drive it. but i rely loved this game. its my favorite. thank u crankshaft team
76561198200539873,Recommended,293760,29485776,Posted: 25 January,all,numa68,"Note: my experience with Automation is not current as I haven't been able to play it in about three months because of migrating my main gaming machine to Linux.Pros:Good way to explore vehicle engine parameters, such as stroke and bore and their effects on power and efficiency.  Several useful scenarios and tutorials to learn about what does what.  Developers are active and responsive and have added a ton of features and are working on porting to a new 3D engine.  The Campaign mode is apparently now active and looks pretty good, although the sandbox and scenarios were plenty to keep me busy and happy.Cons:Game would crash periodically, usually after updating.  Not sure if that is still valid for newer builds, and crashes weren't a gamebreaker.  It happens, especially when using a program that is still in active development.  No Linux version (yet), but hopefully that will come.Conclusion:The engine parameterization simulator is interesting and accurate from an engineering point of view.  As the game is not a complete product development is in a constant state of flux.  If you are a car guy like I am, you will love fiddling with all the different bits that go in to a motor while trying to get the best efficiency and power out of it.  Great fun!"
,Recommended,293760,28321939,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CatgirlFerris,"So I decided to buy this game, because I wanted a relacing game that I can play mailny with the mice.I stared the game and wathed all the tutorials that are ingame in a row.Ive started the light campaing v21) I tryed to build a delivery truck and failed bcause my drivability was 02) At my next try I somehow manage to get inf Drivibility and I crashed the gamegoto 1After some tryes I knew I where unable to build a delivery truck so I tried to build a small bus instead and I succeded.The bus I build din't make enoght profit even tho I played on casual as ♥♥♥♥ and I lost the campaing11/10 would fail again"
76561198007789579,Recommended,293760,24706714,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bradly,"No major updates since April.   It's August.***Update***  10/10/2016  Words from the Devs...I've decided to change to recommend.   2 Reasons.  One, I am still playing in sandobox and although not many changes have occured for the game since I have had it, I still find it enjoyable to tinker with things.  The concept here could be an amazing game.2 and more importanty, a direct response, canned or otherwise, is a developer who is listening."
76561198291731275,Recommended,293760,31089858,Posted: 11 April,all,AxleRex,This game is Awesome even though i have very little time on the game the game is amazing. I saw multiplayer mode in the menu and I cant wait!!
,Recommended,293760,31335732,Posted: 24 April,all,Leo.Duan,"Despite the slow update, I would still recommend this game.Automation is so far mainly a car-design game, which features thorough technologies of vehicle.Fascinating for petrol-heads, not for gamers looking for a real Tycoon Game.(even if the Tycoon mode is fully completed, the design part is already complicated)Automation provides a whole design of a car, which no other game does. That's the reason I recommend it.（$30入的EA，当时Steam都没有国区）"
76561198059326630,Recommended,293760,31197062,Posted: 17 April,all,GibboAu85,"Not a bad game. Development is really slow, I may enter a nursing home before this game progresses to completion.  2.5 stars out of 5 at the moment."
,Recommended,293760,31848512,Posted: 19 May,all,.whitewolf,"This game is great! I learned a lot about cars through the game itself and because it got me looking into the topic.I found it very satisfying to see how my first few engines (or cars) were total failures but then I got noticably better just by being exposed to the technical aspects or cars.Aside from the learning factor and the visible reward from that, the game itself is also fun in it's gameplay. You can design and build cars from the ground up and tweak them to your liking - within reasonable limitations (it's still a car tycoon game and not a ""automotive R&D technician and car designer"" simulator).I recommend this game, even as of now in Early Access. The developer really focused on getting the most important parts done first, so it's totally playable already. I also watched a few of their Youtube videos. They seem to be reasonable and eager to see this product finished. Kudos to them."
76561198352591550,Recommended,293760,31837140,Posted: 19 May,all,rezkyharyono.31,"Lovely game, great for from publisher, waiting for a full release tough"
,Recommended,293760,31891634,Posted: 21 May,all,jeb kush,"10/10 would experience lua errors againanyway, really good if you like cars/tycoon games"
,Recommended,293760,32104149,Posted: 1 June,all,CombatWombat,Superfun game to play and the new Unreal Engine port makes the game look absolutely stunning. I'm running it at the epic settings and I can only be positive.
76561197991259147,Recommended,293760,32271931,Posted: 8 June,all,Shifty,"Very good potential!, nice engine details"
,Recommended,293760,32386718,Posted: 13 June,all,Koala,PRETTY GOOD
76561198063366696,Recommended,293760,33686693,Posted: 20 July,all,AlinS,"I am very happy with this purchase.Yes, it IS a bit bare right now.However the developer has been producing a well crafted simulation engine that shouldn't disappoint when the final product is ready.Things you can do right now:1. Create amazing new auto bodies and fixture configurations, if you want to design your own car this is already done and I hope the developer will make the design features even more in depth as the development continues.2. Design and create new types of engines with new configurations.I have yet to play the Kee engine versions Lite Campaign but I look forward to the full version being able to manage a national fleet of dealerships and other aspects of managing an automotive manufacturer.Thanks for the game!"
,Recommended,293760,33622498,Posted: 17 July,all,Ustad Salazar,"It does have wastegate but only usable when it is highest RPM. Please create wastegate controller in order to control the boost for this game, it is really frustrated as we can't aim for using small turbine for all wide range of rpm. I really love this game and I hope Automation will take my suggestion in their consideration."
,Recommended,293760,34369999,Posted: 20 August,all,Hamish_McGregor,"I highly recommend this product.With 465hrs on recourd its my most played steam game ever, and with its develompent ongoing thats not likely to change anytime soon. However if you are considering buying this product, you need to know what it is, and what it isn't. Firstly its not a driving game, you can't control any car. It is NOT even a fully fleshed out game you can jump into, create a new save and enjoy a campain. Nor can you attempt multiplayer in any meaningful way. Instead owning htis file currently gives you access to two unfinshed products, one that has old UI and lacks optimisations but you can play a challenging (but not in any way immersive) minigame where you start a company and design automobiles for sale (I don't recommend trying this till you have a lot of experance or you won't even know why you fail), and a newer Unreal4 engine game that currently is only a sandbox with no evaualtion (although a timed engine building challenge will be out soon, and it looks amazing on the lets plays done by one of the Devs, killrob).So if you have read every word above, think designing cars (especally motors) from a spreadsheet sounds like fun and are willing to accept this WILL hang or crash at times, this may be the best money you ever spend. If your unsure, check out the Youtube channel for its creators (AutomationGame) and the timed challenges by Killrob. I recommend the game, but its certainly not for everyone (or even most people)."
,Recommended,293760,34407322,Posted: 21 August,all,DrBatPandaMan,"POTENTIAL! A work in progress definitely. This game has so much potential and if exectuted the right way, can have a growing popularity with endless hours of fun and creativity. Despite everything good about the game and the potential it has, it feels more like an alpha build rather than an EAG. There are a lot of things that need improvement and it's almost unplayable (unless you just wanna screw off) in its current state.I've played this game longer than what it shows. I played it on my friends computer and decided to buy the game myself."
,Recommended,293760,15193767,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheManInDbox,"Well with the new release of updates, it seems as though i am dead in the water again on this game. It does load, but locks up immediately after loading. Too bad.. i will check back in a few months.."
76561198101349690,Recommended,293760,35323177,Posted: 29 September,all,fredrodregus,"This is one of my all time favorite games, and really taught me alot about how diffrent things like timing, comprestion ratio and fuel octane affect an engine. After over 280 hours I still find fun and new things to do in this game, and since it is always updating, there is always new things in the game to experment with.10/10"
