user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,293780,32122359,Posted: 1 June,all,zzz,MAKE THIS CAME ONLINE COOP PLEASE
76561198091993580,Recommended,293780,32071628,Posted: 30 May,all,Where da fook is maywedda?,If this game had online multiplayer it would be the best game on steam.
76561198066232486,Recommended,293780,13745025,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,James Blackhound,Great game but they really need to put in an online version so that you can play with your friends like over skype and stuff because none of my friends live near me but we all enjoy this game.
76561197989739675,Recommended,293780,34750237,Posted: 4 September,all,the_vampire_andrew,"Remember Mario Kart? Odd thing to bring up I know, but do you actually REMEMBER why you had fun playing mario kart? ""Oh its because its a fun game"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You liked blowing your buddy away with a turtle shell right when he was about to snatch victory in a race. You liked kicking the other guy and watching him fume and getting a good laugh.Of course it wasn't so funny when it happened to you, was it?Crawl is a wonderful gift that seems like it should have been unearthed in the back of a dimly lit mall arcade, a relic that was just stashed away waiting on you to find it. Grab your friends, get some controllers gather round and knife each other in the back. You won't regret it."
76561198032422972,Recommended,293780,32420475,Posted: 14 June,all,Sin,"This is an amazing game. EXCEPT. why would you not do ONLINE multi player? please tell me thats in the works. most of my friends live across the west cost. so ive only been able to play when some one visits another. otherwise i play solo....... but.... still, other than that. I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561198037925560,Recommended,293780,31349009,Posted: 24 April,all,Thong Pounder,Wow. Pls add online multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,17130568,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Spookghetti,"NO! NOT MY SLIME!!!This game, is simply fantastic. Its a simple concept, but its a good one. You and up to 3 friends will scramble to kill the hero, or stay alive as him. You will get better gear, evolve your monsters into stronger ones, and in the end, control or fight a massive boss monster. Its ok by yourself, I can recommend it if you dont have at least one friend to play with. But with a full group, prepare for yelling, insults and tons of good laughs. The only thing that kills me, is the lack of online multiplayer. If that was here, whats to stop this game from being the best game on steam?10/10 would steal slimes again."
76561198029543970,Recommended,293780,32162607,Posted: 3 June,all,Lidfar,No better way to sit on the couch and have a cold one with the boys than with Crawl.
,Recommended,293780,19545178,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BlackHorse23,"a perfect gaming experience hindered by just one drawback: lack of online multiplayer. However don't let that stop you from buying the game. it's perfect game for when you have people over, with immense replay value and surprises. I really hope the devs get to implement multiplayer access eventually. Very rarely a game does so many things right like whats in crawl."
,Recommended,293780,27425582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,napkin,"Now that I have Crawl, I need friends."
,Recommended,293780,34832263,Posted: 9 September,all,ichimitch,Possibly the most fun you can have with three (fully clothed) friends.
76561197972637605,Recommended,293780,31513922,Posted: 2 May,all,Sleep0,For the love of all things holy and unholy please add onlinegame is goood.
76561198283156105,Recommended,293780,31141896,Posted: 14 April,all,MegaKnight,A really good game. But playing against AI all the time can get boring. The game needs an online multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,13868194,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Puzzlebox,"The Recipe for Crawl goes something like this:• a dash of inverted D&D (one player, three DMs)• a sprinkle of Tag• a cup of Legend of Zelda• three tablespoons Altered Beast• 20 pounds of arcade nostalgiaThe goal is simple: kill the final boss and regain your humanity. However, there's only one soul to have and four greedy dead paws trying to grab it. Who has the humanity now? Everybody gang up and kill him. Killing blow takes the soul. This pattern repeats itself until somebody becomes powerful enough to face the final boss. Whether they succeed or not depends on the skill of all involved.This is some of the best couch entertainment I've seen in a while. It tickles my heart with its presentation, seeming so serious but hinting at its self-awareness."
76561198084294210,Recommended,293780,11622996,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MADM3TAL,"This game by far is the most original game that I have seen ever since before games became re-hashed and ruined by franchise!  I saw this game on greenlight awhile ago (love at first sight), and I instantly wanted it. this game totally packs a new kind of competitive gameplay into dungeon crawlers. What is this game? it's multiplayer 1vs3 dungeon crawl, where 3 people can be the dungeon masters and one person will be the player; Here is the twist though: Once you kill the player you ""steal"" the players humanity and become the player yourself (the killed player becomes a dungeon master); which is totally new compared to the typical co-op experience you get in rogue-like games.  The goal of the game is to level up and gear up untill you can face the final boss. Whoever kills the final boss or has the most xp will win.  Another cool feature is that you can level up the enemies you can spawn as a dungeon master with a currency called vitae, which is gained by other players leveling up (Very good balancing technique, people who cant kill the player and remain at level 1 will gain more vitae than the others, so they can make their monsters super OP and finally kill the player). You can also collect small brown blobs that charge up the dungeon master's skill, and be able to summon slimes. However this game is not complete, and is still in early access; It also only supports local co-op at the moment (Not LAN co-op, its couch co-op), so For people expecting the multiplayer to be online should wait a little untill the developers can add it.  My score for this game is a definite 10/10, and it is completely worth spending $10 on.How can this game improve?-ONLINE MULTIPLAYER: in my opinion online multiplayer is this game's key to becoming even better. Even if it is peer-to-peer/Direct IP entry multiplayer, it will still be a major step for this game's future. I know Powerhoof said that multiplayer MAY be added later, but I do not feel comfortable with ""may"".  From what I've seen from powerhoof's website this is their first major release, and pretty much all the other games they released were point and click adventures. It's likely they are unexperienced with networking a game, and I dont blame them (I dont know how to add multiplayer to a game). I wish for the best they can get the help they need to eventually break through this barrier and add the feature this game would be perfected with.-MORE SPAWNABLE MONSTERS: (maybe make several more monsters with different upgrade trees and have them randomly chosen when you choose which deity you worship).-MORE SKILLS FOR THE GHOSTS: The dungeon masters/ghosts skill could be different for each deity (current skill just spawns slimes after you gather enough brown orb things). Some examples: Choosing Murkan gives you the ability to summon red crystals and traps, also blocks all the doors in the room, Choosing S'hrim gives you the ability to summon zombies/skeletons that do poison damage, and Choosing Teok gives you the ability to summon slimes/or maybe dwarfs with red cone hats :P  .-MORE BOSSES: (could have them choosen randomly once you enter the boss portal).Ideas include: Hydra: it lurks in a cave inside of a pool of water. maybe a plant boss of some sort who can roots come out of the ground and stab the player, (it would be in a forest-like cave).  Another boss could simulate games where you keep running right (the boss tails right behind you as you run) untill the boss is dead (similiar to the wall of flesh in terraria).-CAMPAIGN MODE: let the player set the number of floors (10,20,30) before starting. after every 5 to 10 floors a portal will appear that lets you teleport to the boss which will be randomly chosen; after beating a boss in their respective lair a staircase will appear allowing you to continue,at the final floor there will be a giant red door which will lead to the final boss; the final boss will not appear in arcade mode (arcade mode is the original gameplay that you guys can play right now).  There would only be 3 tries for each boss (boss is still controlled by the ghosts (dungeon masters).  The bosses difficulty scales as you continue going down the floors (more health/damage).-A POINT SYSTEM: this would be shown on the screen (for campaign mode and arcade mode), to be honest I do not like that the points are completly based on gathering XP which pretty much makes everything you did as a dungeon master pointless (pun-intended).  Points Should be added once you get xp and kills.  Each XP orb gives (1) points, every time the human player hits a monster he gets (1) point, points should also be given for damaging the human player in any room; this system would be similiar to how the blood currency is distributed - Example: 1st - most damage dealt (75)points, 2nd (50)points, 3rd (25) points, 4th - least damage dealt (0)points), killing a monster gives (25)points.killing a player gives(100) points, killing a player with a trap gives (150) points, and lastlykilling a boss gives (400) points.  This makes it so that even if you didnt kill the boss you can still win first place. The point counter would be shown at the top of the screen, but would be small enough so that it doesn't block any view of the game.[optional] A message could be displayed under the players point interface, announcing why they got the points.-DIFFERENT PORTAL MECHANICS: Don't have the portal generate on every floor, and make it so portals dont appear untill floor 5. It's kinda annoying when BOT's fail the boss, and just end up fighting him again on the next floor. Also If a player fights the boss already and loses he should have to wait a certain amount of floors before being able to fight it again (lets say 3) this way it gives the other players a chance to fight it if they are not level 10.-MORE TYPES OF TRAPS: (Poison darts, mine launcher, spike floor where spikes pop out of the floor when the ghost activates it, and a trap that shoots out acid that remains on the floor for a bit.-DIFFERENT RED CRYSTAL MECHANICS: A higher chance for red crystals to spawn in a room with traps, and a chance for red crystals to Re-appear in rooms if the player were to enter a room he has been in more than one time. (sometimes BOT's tend to run around FOREVER, and traps don't work well if the player can just run through the room which leads to this situation: The second you posses a trap the player has already left the room).-MORE ARTISTIC VARIETY: as you go deeper into the depths the floors theme should change. As for what you could do I have a few Ideas. A floor everything is slightly dark and is illuminated by candles (the player and enemies will have a dim glow around them so the players can see where there characters are) The pentograms will also have a red glow. Different themed floors will change the look of the enemies slightly (different colors that match the floors theme).-MORE DECORATIONS: Pictures, procedurally generated furniture, knight statues, sword racks, etc.-HERO CUSTOMIZATION: this game could have 3 different hero classes. The customization options (vanity) are unlocked after completing challenges (ie: kill 50 enemies to unlock the beholder mask).  You will also be able to choose your class and how your hero will look before choosing which deity to worship (which monsters you will have).Well This is about everything I can think of that can be added or improved, I hope you can take my review to heart and add these features in the future even if not all of them."
,Recommended,293780,33149776,Posted: 2 July,all,Sykaas,"Fun game to play with four people, however:Dear developers in general:Stop putting unlocks in party games!I paid for the game, let me play all of the content without having to grind it out before my friends arrive. ""Oh but you can play with your friends to get the unlocks"". I don't want to have to play a version of the game with 40% of the fun locked behind arbitrary doors. You even modeled this after an arcade cabinet, and those didn't have unlocks! It's not fun to start up a game and see lock icons over half the monsters as you level up.At least have an ""unlock everything"" button in the options menu; that way people who like the unlocks can still do them if they so choose. But the rest of us who just want to buy a game and play the full version can get what we want too."
,Recommended,293780,20732740,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Haxavier,"One of the best local multiplayer games ever made. My friends and I have played this almost every week without fail since launch - it's that damn good. When we meet new people who claim they're into games, we vet them on this and see if they have fun or can appreciate the depth of game mechanics. We love this game because there's nothing like sitting shoulder to shoulder with a pal and howling with rage at a stolen kill, laughter at a horde of slimes causing a human to suddenly play a Shmup, or roars of hype when a close bossfight comes down to the wire. My short recommendation for this game isBUY IT. But now let's get to why you should.CRAWL is a local multiplayer game that involves between 2-4 players. One player is a human, and the other 1-3 are monsters. Every time a monster kills a human, whether it being done as a monster, as a possessable slime, or a controllable trap, that player will become the human.This has to be done on a last hit.This means that the three non-human players must work in a loose alliance until the very last minute, because there can only be one human!The other gameplay mechanics are a bit more complicated than that, and I'll explain the most complicated one, the leveling system and the asymmetrical nature of the players:-A player possessing a human can kill monsters to gain XP and continue leveling up. This primarily adds extra health and to the human and gets the player closer to a boss run, since only characters with level 10 or higher can do boss runs. Humans get better gear and stats by accessing shops. They use gold that they gain primarly while being a monster (I'll get to that later)-Nonhuman players control ghosts most of the time. Ghosts can possess pentagrams to spawn as monsters and fight the humans. They can also control traps or collect ectoplasm while they're in Ghost mode to drop slimes, which are weak, autonomous/controllable monsters that can be dropped at any time. This is useful for trapping a human in a room, since humans must kill all monsters before leaving a room. Slimes aren't too strong on their own, but if the human's health is low, and/or the room is full of traps, they can be utterly devastating. All players can level up their monsters at the end of a round. Nonhuman players can also all control a boss monster Voltron-style, with each player controlling a limb or head and working together to kill the human.Now here's what keeps this asymmetrical gameplay balanced from a progression standpoint. As other players level up their human forms, all the other players get ""Wrath"", or monster XP. So as any given player human(s) get stronger, the monsters of the other players get stronger. This keeps the players' monsters roughly scaled with players' human forms, and it means that people who are especially good at playing only humans or only monsters may be in for a dramatic uphill battle once they get out of being a human/monster for an extended time.Also, while players are monsters, they gain gold by hurting or killing the human. HOWEVER, this gold can only be used when you're a human! This means that someone who's been a monster for a long time will most likely have strong monsters, a lot of gold, but low human levels. Even if you can buy out the shop, you'll still be a pathetic creature of flesh until level up or reach the shop to get some assistance.There's a lot more stuff going on here as well. Single-fight upgrades that require slime/gold/human health sacrifice, spells, dodge rolls, blink teleports, poisoned food, magic staffs, frog hexes, cursed weapons (that make you insane), repeating crossbows, Gabe Newell, I could just keep going on and on. Let's just say there's a LOT of content packed in the core game, and different human/monster builds play very differently from each other. There is also a ingame database to keep track of all the traps, monsters, and items, and even a monster/boss duel mode, where you can practice as a human or as a monster to improve your skills.The only drawback I could say about this game is the fact that it doesn't have online multiplayer, and that it is quite different in terms of gameplay flow when you get started for the first time. The online multiplayer aspect is not a big deal. This game plays at a fast, almost twitch-like speed, and lag would utterly ruin the experience. As for the gameplay, a gross approximation I would make is classic Zelda crossed with Dark Souls, but the monsters are hilarious jerks because they're your friends sitting next to you! But really, it's a bit of a gross approximation - CRAWL is one of a kind. And the devs are great guys. They provide substantial updates to this game - not very often, but it's only 2 guys and they take the time to address balance issues while adding content during updates. They'll even talk to you on their Facebook page and respond to emails you send them.I'll say this though: if you ask them about online multiplayer, they'll tell you that they'll finish the game first then add it later, so don't get your hopes up.Anyway, get it, my personal GOTY every year since it launched because it's just so damn fun."
,Recommended,293780,11576481,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Scorcho,"Amazing gameplay for 4 players, not nearly as fun when playing against only bots so it would be nice to see online multiplayer in the future but for an early-access game this is fantastic and after just 1 match against bots and 1 with friends I have already fallen in love with this game."
76561198046176156,Recommended,293780,30933698,Posted: 3 April,all,Saio,"Since I don't have friends to play this with I was a bit afraid to pick this one up. I read a lot of reviews and only a few of them mentioned the solo play but I decided to take a chance on it anyway. I am so glad that I did! This game is great, even for solo play. I highly recommend it.It can be a bit confusing at the start but I found reducing the number of bots to 2 and learning on easy made all the difference.If you are like me and are on the fence about buying this because you dont have anyone to play with, do  yourself a favor and get it.There are only two major cons:1. No online play2. Floors look too similarIf those two items are addressed this would be one of the greatest titles I've ever played."
,Recommended,293780,31074830,Posted: 11 April,all,Sunder,I did not have a chance to play many couch coop games but it is clear that this one is a special gem.My only wish is for dev to add multiplayer sooner.This is a must have!
,Recommended,293780,20114374,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CyNinja3,"By far the best local multiplayer available on steam to date, and probably the best Early Access game I've ever played. Don't let the Early Access title fool you it is pretty much a complete package.10/10 Would buy 4 extra copies to send to my friends if it had online multiplayer"
76561198205788091,Recommended,293780,22879048,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PIXELFIXER,Just....plain....awesome.Its fun against bots too so dont be afraid if you have no friends :-)
,Recommended,293780,31111269,Posted: 12 April,all,Sentient Entropy,"Get your friends and play Crawl with them. Make new friends and play Crawl with them. If people come to your home and you do not play Crawl with them, you will have failed each other on a deeply personal level. This game is amazing. Play it against bots if you have to. The sense of overwhelming tension and the nimble responsiveness of the action already set this game above most other 2D dungeon crawlers, but the attention to detail and tightly-balanced leveling system mean that in Crawl, it's even fun losing.This game is amazing. Play it."
,Recommended,293780,14311823,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TacticalTruth,"Crawl: Antagonistic CooperationIf you’ve never heard of Crawl, stop what you’re doing and run, don’t walk, to youtube and watch the trailer. It is the best trailer for any video game I have ever seen. Don’t worry I’ll wait.No seriously, watch it.If you have no idea what kind of a game Crawl is, let me tell you…Crawl is a four player local co-op dungeon crawler. One player is the Human and the other three are the Monsters. Simple concept. Amazing execution.You might be thinking, “One guy is the Human? Sucks for the other three!” Not really.I’ve had the game since Early Access release (August, 6th 2014), and in that time I’ve learned this game is fun by yourself, but it shines when you have four living breathing people to play together. It is a lot like Super Smash Bros: great by yourself, but best with friends. And it’s completely possible to have a wonderful time never even playing as the Human. The Monsters are that interesting and fun.As the trailer showed (seriously you should watch it), when a monster kills the Human their ‘Humanity’ is transferred to the killer. Just like how gold is awarded in DOTA, rage upon last hit stealing is also included, which ensures everyone is going to be the Human at least once per playthrough. And as the Human player(s) level up, everyone else gains ‘Vitae’ which is used to level up your Monsters, ensuring there is always a challenge.In some cases, Human players will take an early lead and level up too quickly, causing the Monsters to scale up faster than the player can cope. Meaning at level 10, Humans might have a similar experience to a player at level 1 (they can still get their teeth kicked in with relative ease). There have been many cases in which I’ve skyrocketed to level 6 or 7 and suddenly I’m fighting all 2nd tier Monsters with starting gear. This usually ends how you would expect; weeping in the fetal position.The only way to actually gain gold is to draw blood as a monster. Mechanically speaking, that means damaging and/or killing the Human. This creates a desire to play as both the Human and the Monsters. The only way to improve your Human is, ironically, to hurt and kill other Humans. Many times I have thought “I wish I had blood” whilst doing my best to prevent the others from taking my Humanity. In my experience, you almost always feel like you’re about to die when playing as the Human. And when playing as the Monsters, you’re working with your friends one minute and then actively working against them the next. The fluid nature of the cooperation in this game is amazing. There is nothing else like it.The main goal of the game is for the Human player to reach level 10 as quickly as possible, find the Eldritch Stones, and challenge the boss. If they win, they win! If they lose? They have to continue further into the dungeon with about 1/10th of their HP. After a total of three loses, the current Human loses the game. They’re ‘CONSUMED FOREVER,’ and the game deletes their account.Dark Souls would be proud.There is never a dull moment when playing Crawl. Whether you’re the Monsters or the Human, there is always pressure. If you wait too long, the Spirits will collect ectoplasm and summon blobs on you. There’s nothing worse than fighting tooth and nail to get through a room only to have all of your buddies summon nine blobs to finish you off.Trying to fight three other players who are working together to kill you but against each other to kill you first… is very hectic. And with so much happening on screen, it can be difficult to keep track of who and where you are. For the most part, it isn’t too hard to parse your position. It’s definitely harder to find yourself after you’ve lost track than it is to lose track in the first place. Perhaps something like an aura with your color could be added?Losing yourself aside, Crawl has an incredible lo-fi feel, while still letting you know it’s a modern game. The sprites are evocative of older games, yet they still feel fresh, new, and lively. The animation is fluid. The colors are deep and have good contrast (Thanks to the v0.3 Plague Mushroom update, released 1/15/15). Seriously, this is some of the best pixel art I’ve experienced.Also the music is superb. That’s all I really have to say. It’s great.Overall, Crawl is an exceptional game with great gameplay, amazing art, and outstanding music. It’s simply dripping with flavor. Powerhoof managed to cram so much style into a “simple” game. It is refreshing, fun, and one of the best $10 games I’ve ever had the privilege of purchasing.Buy it and play it with all of your friends.The dudes over at Powerhoof are going places. They have created such a great game and deserve more recognition.And, seriously, that trailer was amazing.Like this review? Check outhttp://100hoursave.wordpress.com/"
,Recommended,293780,25331496,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Elan,"You may be thinking, ""Hey, my life is depressing and I don't have any friends. Is this any good single player?"" As someone with a bleak existence also, I can say yes. This game is great Singleplayer.It's got a lot of replayability, even with single player, and the pixel art is phenomenal. You unlock more items, enemies, and weapons as you play, making the game better the more you play it. Despite the simple controls, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard. The only thing I'm good at is gaming. My social skills suck,  and all my experience gaming and stroking my ginormous yet lonely pickle has never quite managed to get me a job, so i've had a lot of time honing my skills. I still struggle to beat this one.Overall, buy this thing, even if you're lonely. You won't regret it as much as you regret your life."
,Recommended,293780,32522924,Posted: 17 June,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,"A truly amazing game. Takes up such little space, is packed with so much content, and uses such an amazing mechanic! I hope you can get online mode working with all the problems that it has!"
,Recommended,293780,31608220,Posted: 7 May,all,Ambassador Pineapple,The rating says it all.  All this needs is online multiplayer and it's a masterpiece.
76561198120389233,Recommended,293780,31449454,Posted: 29 April,all,Hitler's Silly Service,amazing game. only needs online matchmaking
,Recommended,293780,18635094,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Azaran,One of the seriously best couch multiplayer games in recent years. Delightfully destructive to friendships.
,Recommended,293780,31500635,Posted: 1 May,all,ablindman | kickback.com,"Addicting as hell, but where is online multiplayer, fam!"
76561198045108285,Recommended,293780,30083811,Posted: 21 February,all,Living for Lamias,a frusteratingly fun game that desperatly needs online multiplayer
,Recommended,293780,34598246,Posted: 29 August,all,Hishiro Nishiro,"Great game for couch parties, but not so much solo. Not a problem for me, but I can understand how it could be for others. Overall, this game uses a lot of creatures you might see in Dungeons and Dragons and pits them against a single player in a roguelike dungeon-crawler... with the added bonus of having intense boss fights.That being said, I wish there was an alternative method of winning for the players and ghosts. Going through the rooms is fine by me, but when the game is drawn out because of someone grinding for items, it doesn't feel as fun.In another review, someone said that the ghosts were being dragged through the rooms behind the player, and I absolutely agree. Is it a problem though? Maybe.Desperately needs a colorblind mode or an option to intensify ghost/player colors. One of the people I play with can't differentiate their character from the rest because of this."
76561198075046085,Recommended,293780,32611290,Posted: 20 June,all,The Black Sheep,Probably the best party game I own. Takes me back to the good old couch party days
,Recommended,293780,33492648,Posted: 12 July,all,Metabloxer,And you thought Monopoly ruined friendships...
,Recommended,293780,16252541,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Smoco13,"Crawl is a unique experience that can only be described with one word. Awesome.This dungeon crawling masterpiece is incredibly fun to play. I love playing it so much. Here's why:-Radomized Dungeons: Each time you play the game, you get something different. Even the textures on the wall are different each run.-Wide Variety of Weapons: There are lots of different weapons to choose from, and not all of them are the same. There are heavy melee, light melee, ranged weapons, and magic weapons as well as various spells/abilities that can be aquired during a run.-Play as the Monsters: This game is meant for 2-4 players (I suggest 4 even if 3 are bots), 1 player is the hero while the other 3 are ghosts who can become monsters to try to kill the hero and take his place. It adds a unique feel to this game.-Multiplayer Mayhem: This game really is meant to be played by 4 people (even if can be played by 1), with 4 people this game becomes an all out brawl to become the hero and beat the boss to clear the game. It is an unforgettable experience to gather some friends and just play this game.Crawl is an amazing game and the devs should be really proud of themselves. I can tell that they put a lot of hard work and energy into making this game the best it can be. I really hope to see more content added to Crawl to make it an even better experience."
76561197982104989,Recommended,293780,31195831,Posted: 17 April,all,Mountainsides,"Should you buy this game?Yes.Crawl is a arcade throw back of yester year (even has a cabinet display option) in which you and up to three friends (or AI if you don't have any friends) face off in local multiplayer in seeing who can hit level 10  by slaying monsters and buying new equipment first to face off against the boss to gain freedom!.. With the other players attempting to murder you and wear your flesh as a suit so they can attempt the same.In between the levels players have the chance to upgrade their monsters by evolving them into such things as Beholders or Demons at the every end of each monster tree (with more being unlocked after each successful game).Having played a few games myself I would advise against buying this if you just want a single player game, it's still fun against the AI but the real enjoyment is watching the light of your friendships fade as you rob them of their hard fought victory and win the game yourself, well that's the real enjoyment for me at least (#notsorryChris)."
,Recommended,293780,13800920,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Samson Jr.,"Excellent game, I hope it gets online multiplayer soon!"
,Recommended,293780,17633329,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,"If Crawl had online multiplayer it would be one of my favorite games.  Until then it falls into the looks great, sounds great, plays great category of missed opportunities."
76561198066757242,Recommended,293780,23766553,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Spoo,"CrawlThis game is a refreshing entrant into the couch-multiplayer games genre.As much as these types of games are appreciated within the gaming community, Crawl offers something more unique that I personally had never seen before in a dungeon crawler. That is saying a lot, given how many of those types of games are on Steam alone.Unlike many of those games, Crawl is played out in a king of the hill style, with one player controlling the hero, and the other three controlling monsters and traps. Kill the hero: become him. This is a mechanic I had never seen before and am thouroughly impressed with how well it was implemented. It draws you in. The fights and tension between players is genuine, and when you find yourself shouting with excitement... or resentment, without even realizing it, that is a very good thing.The art is amazing. As someone who appreciates pixel art style, especially the retro, arcade-type pixelation, the art and animation immediately stood out to me. Very fluid and well done but at the same time still able to hold that nostalgic factor.The soundtrack, while limited, shines where it is implemented. A very omnious feeling throughout, and the tracks change appropriately depending on certain events such as a player approaching victory or entering a boss fight.The gameplay is well balanced and thought out, characters and monsters can be upgraded, and the rubber-banding is appropriate. Players can come back from any defecit at any point in the game.Overall OpinionThe game is a must buy in my opinion. It is best played with friends, but I have enjoyed several hours of playtime with the AI, which can give you a run for your money. Updates are still on the horizon at the time of this review, showing the devs really care about this game and its success. Their forum on their website posts upcoming updates for the game and gives players the oppurtunity to give feedback, which is a welcome stand-out from a lot of other developers.With more content on the horizon, Crawl is shaping up to be a very promising game. As of now even, it is definitely a complete, polished game worthy of many hours of playtime."
,Recommended,293780,11578002,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Baron Unread [F] for HL3,"Ok, so I've never done any review. Ever.But this game deserves it. So let's get started.First of all, what is Crawl?Like the name suggests, along with the pictures, you might understand that it's your usual dungeon crawler. But it isn't.It IS a dungeon crawler. But not in the likes of Diablo or Torchlight. It's more of a skilled-hack 'n' slash-dungeon crawler.And TBH, as a fan of dungeon crawlers, this is the best one I've ever seen.I might also add that I may have a little bias about it because of the god damned amazing music/teaser trailer. But I digress.As I've said before, it's not your usual dungeon crawler. And there's also another reason because of that. It's not open world and it's not story driven. It's an arcade game.And it does it really well. The game, as you may already know if you're reading this review because you want to be sure that the game is nice, is a local co-op/versus game.""But Baron! I don't have any friends! I'm a god damned loner!""Well they added some bots which you can play against for ""practice while you're waiting for your friends"". And they're also going to add multiplayer in the near future. So that's good. Because I'm also a loner.How's the gameplay?It's good, 10/potato.Just kidding. The gameplay is absolutely amazing, but to be played at its best you NEED a controller. Which isn't a problem FOR ME, but might me a problem for the people who can't afford to buy one. Any controller that is supported by steam will do. But personally I prefer to use a PS3 controller with the scarlet crush drivers.As I've said at the start of this review, the game is part hack 'n' slash. And it's a blast. The controls are responsive and easy to learn. It's literally just two buttons. I've never found myself saying ""God damn it, I didn't want to do that!"", if I died it was 90% of the times because of the skill of the bots or because I wasn't good enough.The only problem about it might be that they made the button to attack also the button to ""use"" stuff. I've found myself sometimes entering the final boss battle by mistake with little health remaining and dying by the hands of the bots controlling the boss.How are the graphics?Well, I really don't know, I don't have eyes to see a god damned PICTURE ON THE STORE PAGE.TL;DR?Do you like co-op fast paced hack 'n' slash dungeon crawlers games? Then this is for you, I guess, I've never heard of games like this, but whatever, everyone has their own fetish.Gib scor plzKK bb, from a scale from 1 to 10:Music: 10Gameplay: 10 [seeing yourself getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to death just to kill the same bot that killed you is an amazing feeling]Graphics: 10Overall: 10On a side note, it runs on my toaster, 10/10"
76561198027873223,Recommended,293780,20191435,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Krixtoph,"Amazing 4 player couch co-op game!When I first bought the game things seemed really chaotic and disjointed, but after about 5 minutes in-game things started making a lot of sense: You're basically playing a modified version of playground-style Predator vs Prey. One person starts out as the hero and the other three players (or AI) are ghosts that can inhabit deadly traps to attack the hero, or stand on a pentagram and become a monster with special abilities.The goal of the hero is to level up and beat the dungeon boss, while the goal of the ghosts are to collect ectoplasm to level up, kill the hero, take over his body and kill the boss. Along the way, you stumble upon shops where you can buy trinkets that give you buffs, or new weapons. Going deeper into the dungeon allows all players to level up their summonable monsters which evens the playing field between hero and ghost.The first time I got to play this game with three other friends was when I realized that this game was truly worth the purchase and the risk of buying an early access game. I tend to stay away from EA games unless I see that they have true potential of becoming a complete game, and this one definitely has it. If you're on the fence about getting this game, take my advice and BUY IT! You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,293780,13284416,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RABBLE,This game is the epitome of couch gaming.  Winning a round against several friends feels like a gaming accomplishment that I haven't felt in years.  The journey feels epic and the ultimate victory or defeat compliments it well.
,Recommended,293780,28195752,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Valagor,"I'm having a blast with this game. I highly recommend this game to any arcade horror fans.Pros:- Really fun and original gameplay, even against bots.- Cool pixel art graphics.- Awesome monsters to level up and play as.- Great and diverse character animations.- The narrator's voice is awesome.- Good soundtrack.- Plenty of unlocks and character progression.- Monster battle challenge mode is fun.Cons:- No online multiplayer.In summary, even playing single player against bots, this game is a blast. Every run is different. The bots are very intelligent and challenging. Every aspect of this game is spot on. I would rate this game 9/10. This game would be one of the few in my library that would gt a 10/10, if it had online multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,23573962,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,koroshino,"Great game, can't talk about it enough. Really needs online MP though. Kinda broken without it."
,Recommended,293780,11578789,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Niuva,Most fun I´ve ever had with other human beings in the same room. 10/10
76561198109387958,Recommended,293780,26596910,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rubical,"Crawl is a really great game to play with friends. I enjoy a regular couch gaming session with my roommates playing Crawl.The only thing missing is some variety in Bosses, but I trust the developers to add those in the future as well. Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,293780,12396671,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,winston,"This game has potential to be perfect. As it is, it's amazing.Also it involves lots of screaming, both from your dying hero and you.Buy it."
,Recommended,293780,21033331,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,arq,"Another great addition to 4 player local multiplayer games. This game is like a short dungeon crawling boardgame taking 30-60 minutes per match.After the first run, I wasn't very sure about it. During the second, it grew on me and I can't wait to discover more of it's content. High hopes on the upcoming updates and content, but even now it's one of the more polished early access games. Highly recommended, but only if you have 4 players and controllers for all of them."
,Recommended,293780,14170511,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gunderson Mallard,"This is only an Early Access review for C.R.A.W.L., so please keep in mind that everything is subject to change. Hopefully for the better, because I don't see how this game can get any worse.In this 1 v 3 player game, there is only hero meant to save the world, until his jealous ghost friends stop him. The game fluidly changes from one human fighting off 3 ghosts who summon all manner of atrocities and thirst for his blood, to three ""friends"" partially wanting to help each other kill the human, but at the same time all those friends are just backstabbers.With only a dodge roll and sword to start with, dodging traps, buying equipment, crawling through dungeons, leveling up and fighting monsters controlled by other players (unfortunately, unless you are smart enough to just play with bots), playing as the human means juggling three different, unpredictable enemies and traps controlled by jerks who hate you and your life.It takes a certain amount of out-of-game problem solving to defeat/overcome the people pretending to be your friend: sometimes your opponents will say their strategy out loud to communicate to each other, but are they speaking in code? Are they trying to use reverse psychology on you (I mean the corner is totally a vulnerable spot right?)? Should you try to con them or will they see right through you? Are they whining about not playing as the human to trick you into losing? Can you just unplug their controllers or throw something at them? How good are you at throat punching? Should you practice throat punching more? Probably. All of these strategies take some serious pondering.On the business end of the human's bloody sword, playing as the three ghost is intense and gratifying. You can summon and possess all manner of colorful monsters with different play styles and strengths. At the end of every level you gain sweet, sweet hero's blood in order to upgrade these various monsters from lowly skeletons and rats into demon lords, dragons, and beholders (among others and more to come). When not completely wrecking your friend the hero's day as fiendishly awesome monsters, you can ruin your friendship by obliterating them with traps and summoned blobs that auto-attack but can also be possessed.While you are happily torturing the poor human you are becoming best friends with your other two friends who aren't a lame human: you are communicating strategies through eye blink Morse code, you are yelling out fake strategies to throw the human off, you are playing dumb to catch them off guard, you are probably even fake-choking to gain the upper hand. All is great, until you realize the human isn't your only competition. And when you realize that everyone in this house sucks at the Heimlich maneuver.Now you know that those other two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are trying to take your rightful kill from you. What the hell is up with that? You were best pals just a second ago, you were like siblings, but now you deserve to be human and they aren't letting you. Now you have to try to trick the other players out of the kill by assuring them that you aren't going to unleash a fountain of fire in order to take the kill, maybe you pretend to miss all of your attacks right until that last sliver of health is begging you to take it.Then one of two scenarios happens: you get the kill and start the cycle of 1 human v 3 ghosts all over again, or someone else gets the kill and you kick them out of your house and refuse to speak to them again.I don't recommend playing Caustic Relationships And Wretch Losers (C.R.A.W.L.) unless you want to be alone. If you are already alone, the bots aren't so bad. At least they aren't a bunch of backstabbers. You can always count on red to be your friend....Seriously though, Crawl, at a most basic level, is incredibly interesting. Part co-op, part competitive, and all fun. It covers a wide audience range by being finely tuned for accessibility while still remaining flexible and deep enough for more serious players to give each other a good challenge. I eagerly look forward to all of the tuning and content updates will bring."
,Recommended,293780,32851431,Posted: 27 June,all,𝐌𝖆𝖑𝖚𝖘,"From the very first moment me and my best friend opened this game up we had an absolute blast. This game is perfect for couch co-op or shared screen fun. We spent the entire day looking forward to going home and booting this back up again, its just that good!Great gameplay flow, retro graphics, very nicely balanced so you are always neck and neck. Its a battle of survival of the best kinds.If anything I'd change, it would be an improved pixel art theme. Beyond that I give it a solid 9/10 as a local play platform."
76561198052016725,Recommended,293780,18958888,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Erebos the Dark,"If what you're looking for is a medium for you and 1-3 friends' endless antics and shenanigans, with a backdrop of delightfully grimy pixel art and eldritch horrors which will never fade, you're looking for this. If what you're looking for is 20 to 30 hours of playing by yourself against three cpus to unlock new monsters, items and traps, followed by an amount of time entirely dependent upon your tolerance for feelings of utter loneliness, you're looking for this. If you're not looking for either of these things, you're not looking for this game."
,Recommended,293780,35007208,Posted: 16 September,all,KS.ViralSwarm,"Crawl is an absolute GEM of a game.3v1 Asymmetric combat that's close, frantic and satisfying.Brings back the bygone days of sitting on a couch with three friends who you can slap if they steal a kill or item you want. The options of Gods to mix and match your starting monsters and equipment provide a nice little extra layer too.Soundtrack is fitting and perfectly stressful for those high tension moments where it's low health human against big ol' monster.Absolute recommendation.Play the game."
,Not Recommended,293780,32120815,Posted: 1 June,all,Agent Michael Scarn,"The game is fun. A lot of fun. Unfortunately, unless you have friends to play with IRL, i can't recommend it. Online would make this so much better.I really just don't think it's worth the money as is unless you can play with others online. I've played it with friends a couple times before, but then I'd honestly rather play something else with them locally. The game is good, but not spectacular. I think without the online functionality to take it over the top, it isn't a good value. It's something you'll play probably 4 or 5 times at most."
76561198076789571,Recommended,293780,19686691,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Scrub,"Okay, so i can see that you look in the reviews that you are thinking of getting crawl... Do it, this game is amazing and it has brought me and my friends some good times. Even if you do not have local friends to play it with than there are bots, and sometime in the future, there will be online multiplayer (I think, I maybe wrong). But it is a good game! 9/10 would completelly demolish my friends as the hero again."
76561197990397431,Recommended,293780,26157525,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,meteburch,The best local co-op game on Steam. I feel spoilt. Every time I buy a new local co-op game its always dissapointing because of this amazing game. Buy it buy it buy it buy it
76561198024331110,Recommended,293780,17098607,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Chris,This game is AMAZING! while yeah I wish it was online multiplayer as well as local multiplayer... It is hours upon hours of fun with a couple of pals. 10/10 would play again!
76561197960912290,Recommended,293780,34181367,Posted: 11 August,all,Vividnightmare,"First, this is really only for a group of people to play. This is strictly a multiplayer game. yeah it has single player and the first 2 or 3 times you go through single it is fun, but it gets old really fast. Like a good board game, the real fun comes from familiarity, mastery and competition. When you first start just the design and idea is pretty cool, but as you play and start to learn what everything does and how it works, there comes a depth of planning when playing against friends. The bore comes from the limited set pieces, levels are randomly generated but have a pretty limited amount of props and hazards, so when you play against the computer it very quickly just feels like ""Same old, same old"". With friends you never know what the other players might do, the computer has a pretty standard process of playing the game. The weapons, items, bosses and levels are all kind of randomly rolled out, but from a pretty limited stock. There's only 2 or 3 bosses, a handful of weapons and items and as I said pretty limited level sets. What makes all this fun is human players, randomizing how it is used and doing unexpected things with it. The computer fails to really be inventive, duh, it's a computer. SO, if you have a couple friends that are interested, this will be a blast. However, if you're a hermit like me and rarely have company over or just company that isn't into competitive gaming, you might want to set this one out."
,Recommended,293780,34429003,Posted: 22 August,all,BARBA,"Amazing. Would benefit greatly from extra game modes, though."
,Recommended,293780,20410532,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Snipes,"This is brilliant. I didn't know I needed a competitive multiplayer dungeon crawling king-of-the-hill game until I played this. I foresee a lot of amusing game days and possibly ruined friendships because of this game. Ignore the ""Early Access"" tag - this is good enough to buy right now. Would highly recommend controllers for this, though."
,Recommended,293780,15256344,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dracoshroob,"It really is a fun game. and a really interesting game mechanic....but they really....and i mean really need to make it online playable through steam so you can invite friends to play. causeits not as much fun by yourself. especially when you have friends in other countries who have the game and wanna play with you, but cant"
76561198064568051,Recommended,293780,20934667,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Poncho Man,"So, a problem I run into a lot with CRAWL is that I'm lonely as heck, and don't have any friends who are willing to come where I am to play a videogame. That being said, the amount of single-player content is pretty substantial for a game in early access, especially since this game is focused on multiplayer. The amount of time that was put into devising upgrade trees for monsters and old gods to worship is visible. Some parts of the game need balance or lack polish, but it's in early access; I can't expect a perfect experience from a game that isn't finished. The gameplay is solid, and the music is catchy and well paced to the in-game events.I like epic nice"
,Recommended,293780,15297055,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,110Percent,"Crawl is a beautiful combination of teamwork, skill, and luck.In Crawl, your job is to venture through various rooms, where you try to find monsters, which are spawned by other players. Upon slaying these monsters, you gain experience points, which you can use to fight the boss after you have collected enough.If your friend (a monster) kills you, you swap places, meaning you spawn the monsters, and they fight them. When you kill the adventurer, you gain ""hero blood"" which you can trade for gold to spend at a shop, spending it on weapons, allies, and abilities.When you eventually fight the boss, the game doesn't stop being multiplayer. Oh, no. The non-adventurers must actually possess parts of the massive boss and work together to defeat the adventurer. If the adventurer kills the boss, he/she wins. If the boss ""kills"" (you teleport back aways) the adventurer 3 times, the game is over.When a game is over, you can unlock new monsters which players can transform their previous monsters into. You also unlock new abilities for monsters and adventurers, etcetera.Overall, I think that Crawl is a masterpiece. The pixel-art blends very well with the shifts in scene, the soudtrack is amazing, and the gameplay itself is one-of-a-kind.I rate this game 10/10, and it's still in development. I highly suggest you buy this game if you're even remotely interested."
76561198092835097,Recommended,293780,33675225,Posted: 20 July,all,max4man,"A very fun, frustrating game to play with your friends. Online multiplayer would be nice, considering most of my hours are on friends' accounts. The controls don't feel as tight as they should, but at least that gives you something to blame when losing."
76561198090007946,Recommended,293780,15344177,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Moofmoofmoof,amazing game!! to truly enjoy you have to play with friends.Some things i want crawl to include is-different classes-more monster/bosses(i know they are coming)-Online multiplayer
,Recommended,293780,13997618,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"I am just LOVING the renaissance of couch coop.  Just two years ago I thought it was dead.  In the last two years tons of games have come out exclusively for couch coop.  I heard about this game awhile back and had yet to pull the trigger, well I finally did.  I can safely say it doesn't dissapoint.  TBH I have yet to actually play couch coop with someone I have just played against bots.  I will revise my review once I have played it with buds.  Everything about the game is brimming with style, from the flashy menu, to the incredible pixel art, tight controls, unique gameplay, and the intense chiptune soundtrack.   Early access gets alot of flak but this is done right.  The Game is released in an EXTREMELY playable state with a very large update looming ahead.  Grab some buds and Crawl, I know I will be soon!EDIT: Just played with 3 people and one bot.  it was a blast!  I was surprised at how simple it is to pick up.  :)EDIT 2:  This is now the 5th time I have brought ""Crawl"" to an all night lock-in.  I purposely go out of my way to find couch coop games on Steam.  I have a set of 4 wireless x360 controllers (and four wired for crazy 8 players sessions in other games) I use for parties.  I have never seen a game get so much playtime.  It is a shame Steam doesn't log offline hours because it has to have a ton.  There isn't a single couch coop game on the face of the planet that has so much depth and a sense of progression in a party setting.  Games can last about anywhere from 30-60 minutes if not longer.  Each player becoming more and more invested.  This is Powerhoof's first game and I am ecstatic to see what they create next.  The gameplay is so incredibly fresh, the art astounding, and the sound design superb.  If you have IRL friends made of flesh and blood, get Crawl.  I love the online multiplayer experience as much as anyone, but I yearn for the classic days of local multiplayer.  I am so thankful indie devs are leading the charge!The trailer is absolutely wonderful and has some of the best writing.Pay no heed toward the black and vile buzzing in your thoughtsThe mouthless voice that blooms and drips from the darkest corners of your mindBreak the Human!You will bask beneath the glow of liquid crystalStatic crackling as controllers twitch and bendYou eyeball your companions as they squirm, throb, and sweat beneath the 40 inch incandescent screenThat silicon and plastic portal to the void through which no Ancient thing could reachFrom beneath the tide of eons!And with a finger vast and awfulTouch your mindCrawl awaits""It's just a game!"" you will laugh"
76561198255780869,Recommended,293780,26463881,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,pestering pickle,"i am still amazed that an early access game that i paid 10 dollars for has brought me more multiplayer fun than most AAA titles in recent memory. and its not one of those dead early access games, either, with the game being updated just more than a week before this review."
76561197986121043,Recommended,293780,31127564,Posted: 13 April,all,Symmetrian,"Crawl. If this had some sort of single player, dungeon running, loot gaining, level uping going on, it would be my favorite game of all time.As it is, it is very close. The aesthetic is amazing. The voice acting makes me feel happy. Everything is so well animated, so fluid. It feels as good as it looks.Sure, there's that random thing where maybe you'll never get to play a human and you can't win, but in that case you ought to have the most leveled up creatures, and you're bound to be having fun playing dragons and pit fiends anyway."
76561197993776223,Recommended,293780,26927431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxmansung,"This game is an example to every game on early accessEven at this point, with the game continuing development in early access it's a great game to play with friends. If they were to stop now and release it I wouldn't feel like I'd wasted my money. The thing is though, they haven't stopped! They continue to release updates, to tweek based on user feedback, to add new things all the time.I have no idea what the end goal for this game is but every time I load it up there's something new to experience.Pros:+ Great multiplayer fun (4 people in a room is awesome)+ Unique concept+ Beautifully designed monsters with so many varied abilities+ Great level system to balance the gameCons:- Unable to play online (I believe this wont ever be an option)- Outside of the main game the training grounds feel a little lackingReally those cons do nothing to make the game worse for me though. Me and my friends have all enjoyed the game every time and only ever play the main part without really looking at the the ""Vault"" section"
,Recommended,293780,13172110,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tehOMGfather,"9 out of 10, Fantastic Animation, well paced gameplay and general chaotic fun to have with some friends locally. The ONLY drawback is that you can't invite your friends from across the globe to join in your games if you happen to be a person or two short which is why it's not a 10 out of 10. But otherwise, it's a must have as even the single player proves to be a good challenge."
76561197970719909,Recommended,293780,31081024,Posted: 11 April,all,Corvo,"1.0 DEVS CONGRATS!!This has been our main ""family-get-together"" game since EA  (wife, her sis and husb).Couch, 4 game-pads (steam now compatible with PS4 natively) , decent TV with the laptop on HDMI is the best!One of the greatest parts of this game is how drastically everything changes with the different ppl you play, or how they develop their play styles, a skeleton in the hands of my wife is vastly different than one played by my little sister.An example of the different styles: my wife loves all the bleeding buffs as hero and building the necromancer for an army of terror, my lil sister focuses more on monster play with items to buff her monsters as well as rush dragon and make your life a burning hell, and her husb is all about floating weapons and trashing your day with that damn lazer spell, I HATE that spell (please don't change it!).And it doesn't stop there either!  Everyone has their strength when playing the boss and it is always amazes me how everyone will quick build a strategy to take the hero down during the boss fight, 3 human brains crammed into one boss is better than any hell mode AI and managing to beat them on occasion is the most rewarding thing ever!666/666 - would have my soul lost forever by my family again... and again!PS - This game NEEDS a 4player arcade cabinet!!"
76561198048732402,Recommended,293780,23419422,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kachompsky,"Well, well, well... Of all of the roguelike, couch co-op indie games out there, Crawl has to be my favourite. The atmosphere of the game is just creepy enough to send the willies up newcomers, not to mention the new intro cutscenes narrated by the magnificent Old Shrimpeyes. I don't know what that man eats, drinks or starves himself of to get that kind of voice, but whatever it is, I want it.Intro and Atmosphere aside, Crawl is just a boatload of fun to play. I picked up the Steam Link recently and said box of goodness has proven itself to be quite good at processing these pixel-style games. It's situated in my living room, so I of course went on to have a real couch co-op experience with a few mates which consisted mainly of ghostly noises and violent screaming. The graphics are great, especially when running at 60fps as you get to watch the current human shifting fearfully from hall to hall before being set upon by rats, spiders and goblin grasshopper thingies, all of which are controlled by either bots or the people sitting next to you.The best part is, if you haven't been human for a while, you gain Wrath every time the lucky fellow levels up, which in turn allows you to evolve your goblin grasshopper thingy into a rock-lobbing giant. This system of EXP for the living and Wrath for the dead makes the game a lot fairer and keeps things interesting in a long runthrough.Overall, I'd recommend Crawl for anyone hankering for some old fashioned jolly cooperation; I can't remember what I bought it for because I was a pre-release funder, but whatever it costs now, it's worth it!"
76561198152489216,Recommended,293780,23624182,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,raveleopard,Awesome fun game if you can scrounge up a friend or two but there could stand to be a few more boss monsters.
,Recommended,293780,31348667,Posted: 24 April,all,Rosenator,"If you have friends, you need this game.Not internet friends, but fleshy, IRL friends."
,Recommended,293780,26296447,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,fuzzy_happy,"I love playing this casually every once in a while in the few 13 minutes I have before my first class, and as such I derive most of my enjoyment from short games spread out a period of time. If you're looking for a game you can splurge on, I wouldn't really recommend this unless you have several friends to play with often, but for its low price and amazingly executed mechanics, Crawl is an excellent game that you can probably play for about 16 hours by yourself before it even becomes a smidge monotonous."
,Recommended,293780,11598733,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Hyped,"VVVVVVVVVERY good game to play!nice AI, quite good balance, amazing mood, and wonderful monsters and weapons!considering this game is still being developed, this is the game that you must try out.although, lack of online multiplay and only 1 boss makes this game spoils replayability."
,Recommended,293780,19132066,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Aulubear,"Crawl has honestly blown my expectations away, giving me the feel of nostalgia from it's music and art style while also giving me the kind of gameplay that has nearly infinite replay value. Games like these come around every now and again, and were very abundant during the NES and SNES ages as far as I saw it. I love the fact that this game can give me the excitement that it has even without multiplayer.. yet.10/10 would hook up an HDMI to my 70 inch projector and play it with 4 people at once in a dark basement that flooded last year."
76561198037978674,Recommended,293780,12530006,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Beard,"This simple dungeon-crawler is incredibly addicting and insidiously designed. With a very interesting co-op and competitive blend that keeps the action high, lovers of Hotline Miami, Gauntlet and The Binding of Isaac will appreciate the retro art style, soundtrack and gameplay. Even as an alpha release, I highly recommend Crawl."
76561198229990364,Recommended,293780,25209741,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GhostGaming101,This is an overall good game with awsome music and pixel style and game concept but needs online multiplayer
76561198010758557,Recommended,293780,16919723,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,DeadDack,"Put this on a laptop, hook it up to a TV, and have the most competitive session of couch-multiplayer you've ever fought through. Every attack, dodge, gold purchase, and death is a high-stakes play. Victory is truly satisfying and the first thirty minute to hour round will leave you drained and exhilerated. My friends and I always come back to it when we need a game to test each others' skills and patience.Extremely fun. Cannot recommend highly enough.(The insanity animations are also incredibly charming.)"
,Recommended,293780,31109901,Posted: 12 April,all,Sir Pencil,"Crawl is an excellent couch co-op game which encourages you to work together as a team to end the hero's life, then take their place and fight your way to salvation by besting the cthulhian horror that resides at the end of it all... or die and have your humanity stolen, only to be cursed to rot forever amidst your wrath in the infinite tombs of Crawl.Crawl hits all the right notes:Monsters scale well over time, going from murderous nuisances to outright tough-as-nails murderbeastsHero weapons and abilities are interesting and variedBuffs and debuffs provide an additional strategic layer which raises the game from simply ""good"" to ""great""There's a heavy cyber-lovecraftian theme which elevates the mood. It's immersive and tense, appealing to that intrinsic desire to survive which exists within every human.I love the fact that your scorecard is saved between runs. I also laughed out loud when the game told me that my hero had been ""lost forever"" because we ran out of attempts against the boss (and then it deleted my scorecard, a really nice touch).I never felt like any of my deaths were unfair, or that any of the monsters in particular didn't come with their own weakness to exploit. Your decisions really shape your hero and you'd do well to expect your enemies to exploit gaps in your defense.It doesn't have online multi-player, but that's a small concession for what is such a tight and cohesive array of elements that come together and create an experience that'll have you sweating from the sheer intensity. Even if you don't have enough people nearby who can slum it on your couch to gather up 4 players, Crawl provides a powerful AI that will keep you on your toes. I especially thought it was a nice touch when the AI even goes through the human motions in shops and goes through upgrade menus like a regular player - its an oddly salient touch that I didn't know I wanted until I saw it."
76561198016743607,Recommended,293780,28818198,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,anbrewk,"Amazing arcade feel with so much juice. Incredible co-op game. Worth it with three players, best with four players. Absolutely worth the price even in early access. Unlike many early access games, I am excited and happy to be able to play this before release as the dev team continues to do awesome work to improve and expand what already feels like a polished experience."
,Recommended,293780,33783669,Posted: 25 July,all,Salad,"Fight your way through the endless dungeons filled with traps, loot, and revenge. Crawl is a fast paced local co-op dungeon crawler that pits you against your friends in a 2-4 player battle over a human host. Fight your way through endless randomly generated floors and brave the boss to escape the pit. Customize your human with different weapons, trinkets, and spells whilst your friends fight against you with ghosts, witches, dragons, and of course, KEVIN. Will you escape? Or will you forever haunt the halls of the pit in Crawl."
,Recommended,293780,35114104,Posted: 21 September,all,West,"This is by far the most fun couch co-op game I have played in the last decade. Despite my agreement with the negative reviews saying it would be great if this were online multiplayer, it should not be reason enough for you to pass on this game. It's a really good game. Lots of variety and catch up mechanics in place. The bosses are fun and challenging (Except maybe the hydra, he's pretty easy if you have a fast weapon.) The dungeons are fun, the music is great, the narration is amazing.This game single handedly changed my board game nights to couch coop nights. Definitely recommended"
76561197999669676,Recommended,293780,33147105,Posted: 2 July,all,Idainn,"a lot of people are saying that this isn't worth as a singleplayer experience. but i kinda disagree.I haven't had the chance to play it with friends yet, but i still find enjoyment in going back to it once in a while. It's a great game for when you need something short and simple to just go a few rounds in."
76561198322699622,Recommended,293780,31591706,Posted: 6 May,all,eshinoti,"Crawl has been phenomenal, it's incredibly fun to play alone, and twice as much fun to play with friends. The only real concern I could have with the game is that it can get stale, as there are currently only 3 bosses, and maybe 15 unique monsters with separate evolution paths. However it hasn't gotten boring yet, and this game is a must buy if you have friends to play with."
,Recommended,293780,33053874,Posted: 30 June,all,Chαsε,"A very fast pace 2d pixel hack slash game, I recommend playing with 4 friends local mulitplayer or single player with hard AI it will be chaotic and fun. So how does this game work?- First when the game start, kill each other to be the only human player.- the dead will become ghost and try to stop the human player by possessing traps and becoming monster.- the first one to kill the human player will become human again.- As human you have to gain xp and gold to buy more powerful items.- As ghost you have to deal the most dmg and try to kill the human player and also gaining wrath as the enemy level up,you use wrath to level up monster.- As a human you dont gain wrath when you level up so you have to balance between player as a human and playing as aghost.- If you survive long enough, reach lvl 10, have strong item then you can fight the final boss to escape this hell, you have only three tries to face the boss. It is satisfying to beat the boss.- Unlock new monsters and deities, now play again.CONS: No online multiplayer- Long gameplay can hurt your eyes because of the pixel style, quiting the game and looking at the screen again you will notice the effect.Crawling in my Crawl"
76561198141208894,Recommended,293780,24304992,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,PandaOverload,It's an extremely fun game. The graphics are nice and it's really smooth. The only real beef that I have with Crawl is that the multiplayer is only local. I hope that in the official release they change it to global multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,16869701,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,pixelfly,"The game is fun, if a bit hectic and fast for my taste. Also brings to mind a game I played (and liked) on IOS called Hero's Quest."
,Recommended,293780,25291914,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,『Cotton C♥ndy』,"It's hella fun, but needs online multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,34637503,Posted: 31 August,all,mcNuggets,Awesome game to play in local coop.If there just were a multiplayer online.
,Recommended,293780,35192711,Posted: 24 September,all,Piss Nest,"Definitely don't buy this if you're going to play alone, it's build entirely around local multiplayer. Great fun if you can round up 2 or 3 friends. I would probably have 50+ hours in this game if they implemented online play."
76561198048896119,Recommended,293780,14670137,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PlatinumDevil,"An excellent rogue-lite dungeon crawler with frenetic fun and chaotic fights. I haven't played anything quite like it and it's one of the best indie games I've ever played!PROS:-Excellent couch co-op system.-Great balance between monsters.-Great balancing in general.-FUN AS HELL!-Graphics are great, although some may be turned away by the pixelated artstyle.-Controls are pretty good.-Feedback for attacking is nice and crisp.-Even the AI bots are great to play against!CONS:-No online multiplayer.-Might get a bit repetitive after a while (I'm not actually sure about that, I have a really high tolerance for tediousness, you can take a look at my hours I've played :P)"
76561197998137933,Recommended,293780,17970062,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Hookrar,"Steam is flooded with so many bad ""early access"" and ""indie"" games...This is a GEM. Had this been released on some console years ago it would have been a cult classic."
,Recommended,293780,11611710,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,NoGameNoWaifu,"I absolutely recommend this game to anyway. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!Amazing soundtrack, playstyle, art, everything.BUY IT!"
76561198074918503,Recommended,293780,30340645,Posted: 5 March,all,Ivan,Great Game!I love the art styleI love the CombatI love the Divercity in MonstersI love the Divercity in Weapons for the HumanThe Bosses could use a little balancingMore Bosses would be GreatOverall amazing game
,Recommended,293780,15195846,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DeathevokatioN,"Excellent and unpretentious top down roguelike dungeon crawler that's over the top when it comes to fast paced extremely satisfying and gory gameplay. This game is especially good for when you want to sit down and have a quick instant fix of fast action, because matches mostly range between 20-45 minutes, and can even last longer depending on how much you want to level up before facing the boss.The atmosphere is on point in terms of making you feel as if you're exploring a dank dark dungeon that's haunted by an ancient evil presence, the spirits that haunt you, follow you and possess traps and summon monsters only add to this feeling... there are some references to Lovecraft's work in the level names which is always a nice touch, the rooms and map layouts are randomly generated and every playthrough is different, but unlike many other games with randomly generated rooms you don't start noticing the same variation of a room being repeated until maybe 5 or so hours, there isn't an arbituary set pattern in which you experience rooms either, the only thing that's consistent is that each floor has one store (with each floor having randomly selected different items, making way for different character builds which further ensures each playthrough is unique), one portal that leads to the final boss and one exit that leads to the floor below.... anyway regardless, even if the room layouts aren't always unique... the map layouts are always unique, the repetition of rooms isn't something you're bothered by because you're too busy trying to get the final shot on the hero or you're the hero desperately trying to cling to every last inch of your humanity and you really become absorbed in the addictive gameplay... it's also worth mentioning that the developers are awesome dudes who are very responsive to the community, always respond positively to ideas, negative criticism, and are still constantly showcasing screenshots of different environments / room layouts that are in progress so you can expect to see much more variation in that department in the future, at the rate I see them posting screenshots of new room types, my point on rooms repeating themselves once or twice per match will probably be completely and utterly void by the time this game gets a release... it's also really fun to play single player even if it's designed for co op!Recommended!!!PS: I love the skeletons to death, whenever they laugh or use their ranged attacks where they throw a bone at you, I get a flashback of Evil Dead III: Army of Darkness where the skeleton says to Ash; ""I've got a bone to pick with you!"" :P"
,Recommended,293780,31677119,Posted: 10 May,all,Anorak,"Me and my REAL friends love this game, but not we're not friends anymore10/10 looking for friends"
,Recommended,293780,20432454,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Major Neddie,"Crawl is an excellent four player local competitive game, with a well defined style and a lot of heart. You're four lost souls damned to wander an unholy dungeon, fighting to escape through exerting your will upon the frail flesh which happens to pass before you. As a spirit, you are ever at odds for when you inhabit the hero the other spirits seek to displace you, and when you are a spirit, you must be the one to strike the killing blow if you would escape. Once you've advanced your hero to a sufficient level, and subsequently discovered a portal, you can go through it to face a monstrosity which may end up inhabited by all your foes. Fail there, and return to the dungeon, until someone escapes, or you collectively fail too often.If Crawl has a flaw, and you do not agree that the flaws are at times inherent to the beauty of a piece, it is that the game loop is secured around four players. If you do not have four people, you will need to fill the remaining slots with A.I. which - while quite capable - is not nearly as unpredictable and thus exciting as a human player.Purchase a copy, invite three of your friends, and prepare to writhe - no - crawl your way back to the living."
,Recommended,293780,32779230,Posted: 25 June,all,sdfx,"This is the game I dream of making.I've been playing since early access release and each update is a story on its own. I've been inclined to beg, borrow and steal this game 1000 times over and then tell anyone about the game who would listen. I am more than honored however to give my money and have convinced others to do the same.The best way to describe the game is competitive 2d zelda, where monsters and traps have never been more devious. Never have I felt more like a fiercely hateful of life spectre than in this game. This game's driving principle is that there is no rest for the wicked. Every monster is entertaining in their own right and you will learn your preferred paths and monster tiers.Playing the ""Guy"" is a treat in its own because of the game's absolutely sublime controls and execution. Strutting into a virgin store after styling and stomping asses to stack up on discount charms, stat boosting potions and then just to vacuum up anything that looks like it could be useful to someone else after you inevitably die is the prize for any would be hero on a new floor. There's always an evolving meta to each game because each player is distinct. Are you getting zoned out by web, acid, ice or slimes who consistently spawn in under the cover of a hungry trap? Get a ranged weapon or spell. Eating a lot of poison and fire and seriously regretting it? Cover your♥♥♥♥♥with as many floating magical shields as you can and buy all the status effect countering rings. Stack levels and equipment until you are a juggernaut then rip and tear.The game is a salt mine that has generated heated debate into 4AM, broken senses of identity and simply exhausted others who didn't have the wherewithal to maintain the sinister Samsara to the end of the game. I could recount each very real instance with all of the exciting elements of Greek tragedy like rage, revenge and fratricide.Best with 3-4 players. 3 players is savage and personal; 4 players is unremitting chaos.Praise Glub."
,Recommended,293780,25849586,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,MissingCog,"This game stepped out of the gaming hall of fame, such an unbelievable instant classic.  Needs 4 players to feel complete, but boy does this game feel good.It needs to be in an arcade cabinet eating my quarters.  Take my money damnit!"
76561198048981199,Recommended,293780,31673838,Posted: 10 May,all,Slap Factory,Amazing game when it had less than half the content it does now.If you want a game that you and some friends can play on the same screen you have to get this.
,Recommended,293780,30192762,Posted: 26 February,all,Snaith,"Absolutely, without a doubt, one of the best couch multiplayer games I have ever played. In fact, just plain one of the best games I have ever played!The gameplay is fantastic, tight and thrilling. You are one of four adventurers before you turn on one another in a quick and visceral opening scene. Once only one of you is left alive the rest of you take control of your spirits with the options to control monsters, traps and debris in each room as the remaining human player tries to progress. This creates a tense experience as you are always either fighting for your life, just trying to scrape through, or fighting for the chance to regain your humanity - if you kill the human you can restore your humanity and take control of your human body again.As excellent as the core gameplay is, it is the underlying systems that raise the standard to magnificent. The human needs to reach level 10, gaining levels by defeating monsters, then enter the boss room and defeat the boss to win the game. However, every time the player gains a level, making them stronger, the other players gain ""wrath"", a currency they can use to upgrade one of their three possible monsters. Each upgrade tier has two choices, offering a wealth of diversity, and indeed mayhem when all of the effects start flying. With the wrath mechanic those who are not playing as the human get progressively more powerful until they have a good chance of getting the kill and reclaiming their humanity once more.The mechanics of play are simple to understand; one button attacks and another uses your ""special"", a choice of whatever spell that you choose to buy from the blacksmith, gold permitting.  We had two regular gamers and two non regular gamers and everyone was able to compete out fo the gate. Tutorialising is extremely clever in Crawl, other than the buttons you are introduced to each of the ideas of the game through play; for example one of the bosses offers the chance to utilise a healer mid battle so before you enter the boss room he appears and gives you a glimpse of how it works. It is an extremely clever and intuitive process. Similarly, when you enter a new room items that you can interact with flash.The meta game is really quite engaging, too. At the start of each run you choose a deity to worship; this determines the three monsters you are able to use during the run and also a passive bonus. After each run you unlock new deities to worship, new weapons and spells to buy from the blacksmith, new monsters to play as and even new traps to utilise in the dungeons. All of this is to say that as you play more, the options increase and the game becomes even more varied on each play through.In summary, I can't praise Crawl enough. I thoroughly enjoyed every tantalising moment of play, every death throe and every victory. For anyone that enjoys gathering some friends and playing together, both in competition and in co-operation, you can't do any better than Crawl.************************************************************Feedback for the Devs:First, thank you for this amazing game!Second, in my humble opinion, I think a few elements could be tweaked to improve the awesomeness:The monster with the shield special; I think then cooldown is too short when coupled with his impressive speed.Player colours; red and orange can become confused in the heat of play.Loss of control; occassionally it is hard to determine why a player cannot attack (such as when on a pool).Lastly, a few ideas we had...Game modes! Such as on death rotating to the next player in line, rather than on kill. Or a human's health ticks down, ensuring that each turn as the human is finite and the rotation is more likely.Thank you again, for the wonderful Crawl.***************************************************************"
,Recommended,293780,24172984,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,kozkozjake,This is a really fun game but make sure you have someone who you can play this game with locally other whise it is kind of boring since the cpu are not the best and there is no online mode
76561198079367936,Not Recommended,293780,26535812,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Faydens,"When I first saw Crawl it was love at first sight. After a little bit of waiting I bought it expecting it to be excellent, and it partialy was.I love the graphics and the diversity in monsters and weapons. The A.I is pretty good but 4 player local multiplayer is the real fun of the game, although it is the only multiplayer :(.  But after a few hours, the gameplay grew stale. The lack of bosses and and content in general made for the same sort of matches happening over and over again.I would hold off from buying this until there is more content."
,Recommended,293780,21171208,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,themrpiggy22,"Crawl is an excellent couch mulitplayer title. It's gameplay is easy for anyone to pick up and can be enjoyed in short bursts or long playthroughs.While it does feature bots and a Challenge singleplayer mode it is better enjoyed with friends. The two button controls make it easy to have two players with just the keyboard and mouse, one player using each, without being cramped on the keyboard.It has a variety of procedurally generated rooms, filled with traps, upgradable monsters and there are many secrets and mysteries to be found (one worthy of Gaben himself...).Seriously, stop reading this review and get it when it's cheap! It's guarenteed to be a hit with you and your friends.The only downside is that at the time of this review it does not have online multiplayer, but it's still in early access so that and many other features are bound to be introduced soon."
56162146158531498,Recommended,293780,20601659,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Father Napping Elk,"Me and couple of my pals are spending the night at my house and one of my freind pulled out his laptop and hook up his laptop to my tv. He said he just brought crawl and i never heard of the game at all. He explains to me and my other 2 friends how to play. We sat down and we connected some controllers. I had a blast. Now im having so much fun even with playing with bots. The bots in this game ar 10/10 bots, but i cannot wait for online multiplayer.If you dont own this game, Just buy it."
,Recommended,293780,32102551,Posted: 1 June,all,Mari,Really enjoy this game! I'm always looking for great couch co-op and Crawl definetly delivered.
,Recommended,293780,18194006,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tosh-U-RaHhHhH!!!,"Wow, just.... Wow... A phenomenal game!!!I bought it yesterday, played against some bots, was like woah this is insane gudness, then today me and my friend played it one on one, and it was like woah woah bro this is THE GAME!I'm very excited to see more from it, the art is so so good, the music compliments it well and the gameplay is just great, it's a crazy cool game, and I love it, if you like pixelly retro looking games, this is a MUST HAVE, it's just truly awesome and there is more to come, that is all."
,Recommended,293780,11645005,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Harvi,"Remember reviewed in early access, so hold onto your butt.IMAGINE a world where your one passion is to kill, which is why i love this game so much.The game features two! different styles of play ( other than the main menu ). you can play as a valiant hero who seeks to end the tyranny of the boss ( currently only one but hes a nice guy so its okay ). or PLOT TWIST you play as a ghoul summoning monsters from the darkest realms to tear the flesh from the hero.all in all the game is very solid, the two sides of the game are very balanced thus far. the art is tooooooo gooood, showing true tallent especially when you die and theres blood every where and people scream and monsters cheer.. anywayobviously nothings perfect ( excluding firefly ). theres no online multiplayer only local but thats not that bad. also theres not many differences in each game i play because the low amount of monsters to face and the weapons looking mostly the same, but thats all promised in the fuuuture so i cant complainRating! 70 i like this game's out of something also Early access review"
,Recommended,293780,29656192,Posted: 2 February,all,benbc7,"Imagine finding someone on a cold concrete floor, the room devoid of any windows or open doors.  As he struggles to his feet he notices three of his best friends making the same discovery in the room.  Suddenly, as if a product of his own confusion, a voice shouts in from above telling him that only one of them will survive.  Scrambling to find something useful on the ground, he realized they must have heard that same voice!  Brought back to his feet by the safety of a knife, he notices there is only one left and his back is turned.  The knife is plunged into his back and he immediately falls to his knees with him in dismay.  Regretful thoughts and sobbing are interrupted by the voice again, “Get up, death is no means to an end in this vile place,” and to his uneasy comfort, his friends were floating above him in spirit.The mechanics of this game have created an incredibly balanced gameplay that is easy for anyone to get into, built on top of a wonderfully themed visual and auditory experience.  Now begins the intrepid narrative through the ever-changing procedural dungeons of Crawl.  This unique four-player split-screen game by the Australian studio Powerhoof starts you off against all your friends (or surprisingly intelligent AI) in a one-hit-to-kill brawl to decide who the hero will be first.  When you are not the hero, you are a ghost that may float around the map getting into whatever he or she may like.  They could inhabit furniture and throw it, they could command traps to aim and activate, they could interact with pictures and holes in the walls, and of course, summon and inhabit upgradable monsters on pentagrams.  Once a monster, or even a trap or furniture kills the hero, that ghost will take his place leading the exploration.  The goal in this game is to reach level 10 and challenge the player-controlled boss.The cohesive design of the auditory and visual aspects of this game are really the biggest things that set it apart from others.  They had decided on a very low-resolution pixel art type of sprite style, which being paired with the chip-tune style of music creates a beautiful modern take on this classic style.  The title screen and name screen even say “Insert Coin” instead of “Press Start” and only allow you to enter three-character names like an old arcade box.  Many tiny details have been added to the game, proving how much time and dedication it must have taken to build such a piece.  From random seeming pixel glitches on the menu screen paired with auditory glitches, to rich item descriptions, to screen shake.  There is even a narrator at the beginning of rounds that tells the story slightly different every time.  If you are the type of person that is overwhelmed by this art style, which I will admit is pretty common when you first start playing, I urge you to play for a while and really give the game a good shot.Everyone I have showed this game to seems a little overwhelmed and intimidated at first, just due to the amount of things happening on screen at all times.  The presumption that you will not be good at this game at first, however, is one that could not be further from the truth.  Even if you cannot kill the hero and lead the charge, your monsters will continue to level up as the current hero does.  Inversely, if you are very good at this game and spend the whole time playing as the hero you may have good weapons, but your monsters will be weak and it will be significantly harder to become the hero again.Given the multiplayer mechanics, the balancing aspects of this game seemed to have just come together inherently.  It feels so very natural to play, and often times, will create some very unexpected outcomes.  The bosses require the ghost players to work together and coordinate their attacks; otherwise it will be all too easy for the hero.*********************Warning: Spoilers*************************One boss has an arm that fires sludge that will slow down and damage the hero.  The other arm fires bubbles that will trap the hero and make the final boss weapon much easier to hit.  The last weapon is an enormous eye laser that moves very slowly, but if the other teammates have done their jobs correctly, it will make short work of any level hero.  The other boss is a three-headed elemental dragon that has somewhat similar mechanics, but requires a different strategy.  There is an NPC in this boss fight that heals the player, which means the dragons best bet is to stay between the hero and the health.  As interesting and fun as these bosses are, more bosses would add a lot more variety to each dungeon adding much more replay value to this game.********************End Spoilers**************************After playing “Crawl” with lots of friends it has easily found its way into my top five games.  The gameplay is chaotic, and challenging, and terribly competitive.  The overall style and design of the game makes it feel like a complete new artistic world to explore.  However, as full and entertaining as this game is, it is only in early access. It is not even finished yet, so go on steam and watch their wonderfully interesting trailers and support the designers at Powerhoof by getting your copy.TL;DRAwesome Game, go buy it and beat up your friends"
76561198277735691,Recommended,293780,34251139,Posted: 15 August,all,LegitKarateBear,"This is actually my favourite game on steam right now. This game could cost a fair bit more and it would be worth it. Amazing gameplay and a fabulous couch party game, all my friends love it too."
76561197995186478,Recommended,293780,24816475,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Monkeyfoot,Fun to play with friends using usb controllers. If you don't have friends or controllers... maybe not for you.
,Recommended,293780,16135760,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FiveStarWreck,"This is the perfect definition of a fun, well optimized, beat-em-up strategy game. Although what may seem challenging at first, progressing through the game getting slowly better is a fun ride that everybody on Steam should enjoy. One con: No multiplayer. But i see this problem to be fixed momentarily. Get Crawl today!"
,Recommended,293780,33730666,Posted: 22 July,all,Jaxamillion,This game is an absolute blast! The dark themes and ominous narrator are a nice touch to a couch co-op scene that is filled with silly/goofy thematics and gameplay. My reccomendation is to avoid playing against the bots on easy as you will unlock all of the items too quickly (IMO). Can't wait to see what other content they release!
,Recommended,293780,24132506,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hanabachi,"Cutthroat musical chairs. 10/10 would die again, and again... and again."
76561198098812277,Recommended,293780,16754197,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rodman_Renegade,"I bought this game a couple days ago and I have to say I am very dissapointed... in the obnoxious, trout-bearded tacowallets I call friends. What I expected to be a competitive and fun game to play with others turned out to be the biggest troll-fest to which I've ever been subjected. If they were in human form, they'd allow me to kill them without a fight just so they could have the satisfaction of teaming up on me. I climbed level after level, giving them precious vitae to evolve into the most powerful BS monsters I've ever faced in any game. I can't count how many times I was reduced to a puddle of blood by a giant death-beam eyeball with wings, or forced to endure a small room full of traps because they just HAD to drop a single blob as I was about to walk through the door. I was the only one able to make it to the boss battles with my humanity intact, but I soon discovered that this was just a complex ruse to make me use up all the portal attempts and have all memory of my character erased from history by getting barfed on by my friends' three headed dragon.But as long as your co-op parters aren't complete jerks, you'll enjoy this well-polished game.10/10 would get trolled again."
,Recommended,293780,19560064,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ignimeo,Just got this last week to play with some friends. Everyone had a wonderful time with it. Its simple enough to get started but complex enough to make you want to keep trying new items and monsters. 10/10. Can't wait for future updates to see where the game goes in the future!
76561198045733495,Recommended,293780,15927524,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,McPants Act 2,"This game is great to play with a friend or two, it can even be enjoyable with one player, since the bots are so tough"
,Recommended,293780,31077463,Posted: 11 April,all,MagicCleatus,"BEST COUCH GAME EVER! My frieds and I play this all the time, ever since early access this has been incredible. so glad to see it reach full release.Fantastic game 10/10"
76561197979952995,Recommended,293780,26719980,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Beansly Jones,Hotseat old school multiplayer hack and slash that keeps you comming back!
,Recommended,293780,11596165,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,"Seriously, Fuck You.",No online multiplayer yet but it's still friggin awesome.
,Recommended,293780,28107570,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Progretro,"This isn't your run-of-the-mill roguelike. It's adaptive to however many friends you have with you - constantly balancing itself through the level/wrath system. The sheer amount of monsters, weapons, trinkets, spells, traps and other features is staggering considering the attention devoted to each one.I have thoroughly enjoyed this game so far and I'm sure I will continue to do so (when I find more friends)."
,Recommended,293780,29307424,Posted: 16 January,all,El Llamo Jeff,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ dude, This game is amazing.I started playing it alone, not knowing what to expect. I start a game, two AI join and we get spawned in.The voice acting - Very nice,The artstyle - Very very nice.The combat feels great, movement is smooth and the controls are very easy to understand.I started playing and then finally stopped 3 hours later, because it was about midnight.The item and god unlock system in this game is great, and really makes you go back and play again for the new stuff.The weapon variety just a few games in was great, always getting cool stuff, and finding much more as I went on.The monster progression system is very fair and incredibly rewarding, and their abilities are on par with a player that knows what they're doing, making it even fairer.The feeling of competition and the tense atmosphere when you're on 5 hp and you manage to kill the final boss just makes it that much more fun.Multiplayer is easy if you have friends and a few spare controllers, set up was a breeze.Overall rating - Hey, it's pretty good!"
76561198073038665,Recommended,293780,34240105,Posted: 14 August,all,A U Q U A   O P P I D U M,i really like this game i just feel like i can only play it with friends because its only local co-op. i know its hard for an indie team to make it online multiplayer but it would make the game that much better.
,Recommended,293780,24891360,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PunisherGX,"Great party game, makes friend work together, come with crazy tactics and when you become the hero the tables turn and you turn againts your friends to fight to escape or fail and be lost forever and loose your profile as added humilit,Intense battles, crazy traps, mosnters as well as bosses and only three attempts to escape....... will it be you that escapes or or be doomed forever...... be ready to fight for your life"
76561198028348385,Recommended,293780,11596116,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Overlord,"This game is great! I'll try to avoid giving out the same details as everyone else, but the praise is well-deserved, this game does a ton of things right! Now, since all the peeps below me have given the game the good stuff, I'll say all the bad stuff I have come across.Firstly, the rooms look nice, they really do, but they all look the same, their shapes are different, and that does determine life or death in circumstances, but still, change it up a bit please. Secondly, the game could use some balancing, the starting human starts off at  major disadvantage to the monsters when they inevitably fall and become a monster, they're a super-weak monster (this is an early access, so this'll be fixed sooner or later.). The controls are also less fit for a keyboard as you can only aim in 4 directions, this can be fixed with a controller, but not all of us have those, and it often makes the game a tad more difficult when aiming. The boss also has an unskippable cutscene which after a while made the boss look kind of...Cute, in a derpy fashion...(IGNORE THAT.).Besides the above, this game is a great example of early-access done right, and its dev's are fun guys. I highly suggest you get it if you have friends locally near you, if not, it may not be the best, but you can play with bots, who are pretty smart, and can become stupid if you turn down the difficulty."
,Recommended,293780,20355247,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,EvoMax,"I've been waiting for a game like this in a while....And here it is! Crawl is a game developed by a very small company and this is an Early Access Game! This is a Single-player and a Local Co-op and it's a lot of fun to play! There are 7 based weapons (I think) with diverse enchantments and +30 monsters! I'll give this 9/10 (and it's in Early Access and the developers have a lot of future plans, so the rating it's amazing! *done by my rating*) + the price is amazing, so buy it now because this game's price might rise and Evolve with it!"
,Recommended,293780,15934389,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,jaeger,"Already a fun game to play with 3 other friends on the couch. I can't wait to see where development continues to go. It really fills the local co-op niche, filling a spot that has always been empty on the PC."
,Recommended,293780,24452367,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Cyborg Hobbit,"Believe it or not, I play this with my 10-year-old daughter. She loves Crawl!"
,Recommended,293780,17425499,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Revan,"Crawl is a great game I give it 4 out of 5 stars for the state its in as of 08/07/2015 and let me tell you why. Its pretty much like its not in early access. What I like about the game is that there are a lot of possibilities in the battle of who is to win. I like how there are only three chances you get to win the game. With that being said, anyone over the level of 10 could go for it when they reach the shrine. As of right now there are two bosses you can either be or fight which is randomly chosen for you when you activate the shrines. Either you or the other 3 players (depending on who activates the shrine) become part of the three parts of the boss, and you have to try to defeat the boss while the others use the boss to defeat you. Anyone can fail twice fighting the boss battles. The third time whoever fails will ultimately lose the game and the other players win in a first, second, third basis.(The loser being 4th) I also like the dynamic of there is one hero and the others are ghosts vying for the life of the hero and use forms of monsters to try to steal the life of the hero and become him. All an all this is a great game and I cannot wait for the full version. What I would like to see in the full version is a database for all that you unlock like a lore, just like Risk Of Rain. And also I really hope and pray they create multiplayer because that would make it 5 stars in my opinion."
,Recommended,293780,33473433,Posted: 12 July,all,Brolaire of Astora,"I love the agony I can bring upon my friends as they desperately try to to put an end to my basic gnome, chasing me through the chasms of the dungeon, screaming in pain as they step upon yet another beartrap in their way.I bask in their impotent rage as my tiny embodinent escapes their grasp once again just to toil them even more, their vain pursuit leaving them desolated, broken at my tiny feet as I place before them-yetanotherbeartrap,watching mercilessly as their last  spark of enjoyment expires and only emptinesss remains.Pray you fools, beg to your gods that the next time you reincarnate I will roll something else, for there is no escape from the mighty Gnome!"
,Recommended,293780,33659780,Posted: 19 July,all,@SadieStayzNeat,"this is the best local multiplayer game that exists in the world today. competitive co-op, where everyone is against the person in the lead, and the lead person changes frequently. summon monsters, master the fine mechanics of combat with different weapons. buy equipment and adventure in a dungeon. level up the monsters you can summon. its very good.if you play local multiplayer, you owe it to yourself and your friends to have this game.the newer single player stuff is also really great."
,Recommended,293780,25402722,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,WorldOnFire,"Only lacking online multiplayer. Amazing concept, gameplay, sounds, music, & design. IMO."
,Recommended,293780,11601141,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Luggy (spooks),holy crap this game is shockingly fun
,Recommended,293780,31142068,Posted: 14 April,all,Raccoon Friend,"If you have friends and you have a home, get those friends to come to your home and play Crawl."
76561198057381609,Recommended,293780,31131513,Posted: 14 April,all,xstasyfrenzy,This game is epic. I never write reviews but this game is perfect and I just had to write one. Buy it. Period.
76561198056173655,Recommended,293780,12604878,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mouse Eyes Nick,"Everyone needs to play this game. Even though it is in early access, it has very little bugs. ( so little I haven't spotted one)The main goal is to level up to ten and defeat the boss at the end. Sounds simple until you have a three friends over with the same goal.This game is fun alone and with your friends. The fighting is simple and easy to use. ( for both ghosts and humans) The game is also very balanced. You also unlock more items for your next round. I haven't unlocked everything yet, but everytime I do unlock something (you unlock at least one thing every game) I want to see it and test it out. This game has a ton of items to choose from. Making it very easy to fit your play style. One more thing I love is the ""gods"" you can pick from. The gods is like your class for your hero. They give you three monsters and a passive to help your ghost or hero. In the end of every level you can level up your monsters.In the end, I am so pumped to see every update, to unlock every new thing, to destroy my friends in a battle with all odds against you. This game puts such a smile on my face. If this game was finished right here, I wouldn't be mad, this game is already fun, with almost no bugs.96/100"
,Recommended,293780,12763943,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,"Crawl is a good indie game interesting in multiplayer only.You have to get friends in order to enjoy it.Local mode co-op is great and if the game looks a little bit fuzzy at first, you can get yourself used to it after some time.Some unlockables, random elements, and an evolving early access makes it a fair game for its small price."
,Recommended,293780,15176216,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,WhiskeyClaus,Best Couch CO-OP i've had in years! Brings me right back to my childhood.
,Recommended,293780,31092309,Posted: 12 April,all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,I haven't even played this game Multiplayer yet but the Single player Campaign is H E C T I C
,Recommended,293780,31125004,Posted: 13 April,all,Royial20 [TURBO],"One of the best couch co-opition multiplayer games, arcade style dungeon crawling where your 'friends' take control of the monsters and traps inside the dungeons you crawl through and ♥♥♥♥ you up till it's one of their turns to get ♥♥♥♥ed up.Worship Dark Deities whom give you access to three variations of beast (pro tip name your character HL3 for the one true GOD!!), Earn WRATH and upgrade your monsters into bigger ones with better killing ablities to truly beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your 'friends'. Should one of your 'friends' be good enough at the game, they'll face the final boss, you, their 'friend'.The human will earn gold to get new ablities, weapons, upgrade their stats and so forth.This game is too much fun, great music, great visuals, great everything, well balanced, been playing on and off for a year checking out each update, I'm glad to see it leave Early Access and be a full fledge title. This game is easily worth the money its a no brainer, up to 4 friends can play so make them play CRAWL then find some more friends and do the same thing.-Double thumbs up from Royial"
76561197988286414,Recommended,293780,23497577,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mr. Green Jeans,"I'm a sucker for retro graphics, I'm also a sucker for retro graphics with and arcade, RPG type feel. This game is addicting and fun! The replay value is very high with this one."
76561197976679631,Recommended,293780,12317770,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,OmegaSift,I really enjoy this title. Even as an early access I feel like i'm getting my moneys worth. All the updates will just be more goodies to play with.  I hope they get to put in online mutli-player but it's not a must have for me.
76561198107677733,Recommended,293780,12331945,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,andre3000,"I remember the good old days when I would grab a friend or two with a sibling and play on the couch. That is how games should be played, and crawl executes that beautifully, one of the greatest local multiplayer games I have ever played. The gameplay and balance is near perfect and the idea is marvelous. More content is yet to come, and from what I hear, online multiplayer as well. Well worth the money, as long as you have a buddy to play it with."
,Recommended,293780,12342596,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Siege,"This is one of the best games of 2014. A wonder take on king of the hill, one player is the adventurer delving a dungeon, the other three players are ghosts that possess creatures of the darkness and control traps, all vying to be the one to land the killing blow on the adventurer to steal his humanity. Die, kill, die again, try and take back your humanity and then slay the boss monster guarding the exit. It's a hell of a romp for couch gaming.Con if you don't have friends that will come over and game: no online at present. The local multiplayer aspect adds a great deal to the experience.The latest update for 9/26 added new monsters, deities, and balance changes. Scorpion OP, demon lord sucks."
,Recommended,293780,11586653,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SyrianSloth,"Gameplay is great, even with bots it gets competiteve and faced paced. Bots are very competiteve in the first place, and i cant even imagine fighting them on hard mode. The monsters evolve after each floor, getting tougher and tougher, and eventuallly, they will kill you, you only get ""xp"" (or vitae, as its called ingame)  to evolve your monsters if the other players level up, so it has a massive competition side to it, if you survive the whole floor, and not be killed once, then you probably wont be able to evole your monsters. So what do you get? The other players are getting the advantage... but not really, you have weapons, swords and bows and javelins/spears to fight them off, some quicker some slower but more damage, there are many, many many many weapons to this game to kill your undead enemies, atleast, i think there are.(plus theres assassins blades... so thats cool :D)Each time you finish a game, more content gets added (it of course tells you what once you beat it) like more weapons, traps, gods and more, so if theres not enough content for you, dont you worry there will be more.So your a monster and you kill the player, whoever got the last blow turns into the human, and you got it, what do you do? go to the blacksmith shop, or find it, because every time you hit the player, you earn ""blood"" which you can give to a statue in the blacksmith shop. the statue is happy from the blood you spilled, and rewards you, with money, that you can use for weapons or purchase a ""spell"" that replaces your dodge roll.So this game offers much, and is definatley worth ten bucks, infact i think that is a lower price than what this game offers, and the fact this game is going to ofer more in the future... well thats just great.So welcome to the dungeons, Crawler"
,Recommended,293780,11775508,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Evil Sock Puppet,"Officially one of my go-to games when I have friends over. We must have played 5 rounds in a row on the night I installed it. The rounds are fairly short (~30min) and there's always something for every player to do, be it collecting slime, attacking, haunting traps, or just staying alive.I'm a huge fan of local co op games, and as such, have 4 wireless controllers, so the lack of online multiplayer isn't an issue for me. These games are just much more fun when you're in the same room as your friends.P3: *dies* ""Nooooo!""P1:  ""WHO GOT THAT LAST HIT? WAS IT M- *Humanity Restored* WHAAAA? DAMMIT.""P2: *smug smile*Can't see defeat in your enemies eyes online...For reference, I'm also a fan of these co-op Steam games:-*Jamestown*-Castle Crashers-Dungeon Defenders-Mercenary Kings-Shank-Spelunky-Towerfall Ascension"
76561198040812330,Recommended,293780,15789499,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Dillonb321,CRAWL early access. A shining example of how it should be. Every update has had not just 1 one or two addtions but a noticable amout of game polish. The games feels better to play than ever.
,Recommended,293780,17441689,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Insomnicron,"Short version:Get it if you have 1 to 3 friends, (so, a total of 4 peeps,) that love playing new types of games on a couch.Longer version:Couch Conflict games are great but tend to fall into a very small selection of catagories.A large number are 1 screen platformers.Another swathe are 1 screen ""asteroids"" based twin stick shooters.Within these 2 large pools there are some stellar gems, a lot of winners, a few minor tweaks and innovations and a lot of ""others"" that don't really distinguish them selves well.For the most part, if you have a handful of entries from these groups in your library, you'll have the basics covered and dipping back in too the pools probably won't net you anything wonderfully different.So it's always exciting when clever people come up with something that feel radically different with out over complicating what you seek out from these experiances.Nighogg is a great example of this idea, and if you're looking at Crawl as a multiplayer couch gamer, you probably already know about the joys of that.What Crawl offers is different again... and does take a minute more to absorb, but after that you will be drinking in a game that takes the head to head nature of this genre and mixes in a brilliant and ever changing landscape of all vs 1 and and great ""begining-middle-end"" arc in each session.If you have your basic couch conflict games covered, Get Nidhogg and get this and you'll have a great little menu to pick from.Nighog for instantly accessable gaming at snack like speed.Twin stick arenas and 1 screen platformers for experiances with a hair more length and variable substance.Crawl for a solid hunk of entertainment that still leaves room for multiple sessions.(Oh and Mount your friends for dessert... because it's fruity and lite) :D"
,Recommended,293780,22893763,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ducktape817,"This is some of the best game design I have ever seen. Regardless of what you're doing or who you're playing as, you are guarenteed to have a blast doing it. I physically♥♥♥♥♥♥myself I couldn't handle how good this game is 10/10"
76561198087113342,Recommended,293780,22975924,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,finnegan900,this game is so fun with friends
76561198319534921,Recommended,293780,24492617,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ReaperProdigy,"This is by faaaar the best dungeon crawler ive played, its unique its fun and I love the fact you can play as the monster, the best purchase ive made on steam so far ive had it for 2 days and ive played for 9hrs im addicted! i love this game so much keep adding new features and keep up the good work! also i would totally buy poster of this game if they were for sale!"
,Recommended,293780,15894012,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Bread,"Crawl is one of my favorite party games of all time and definitely one of the best party games for when the family gets together. This game is best experienced with at least 2 players + bots, but for the most fun, use 4 players. Single player can be quite fun, allowing you to destroy the bots with beefed up monsters. I highly recommend using console controllers when playing this game (PS4 / XBox).There is something about ganging up to kill a hero that really makes this game fun and the fact that it is only in early access means there will be updates pushing new content.Overall, I give this game a perfect 10."
,Recommended,293780,17851714,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DrAgoNgaGgER,"For people who like local multiplayer games, I cannot reccomend this game highly enough. A friend and I only discovered it last night and it continued to impress us from beginning to end. The game is simple to pick up and play, it's a fun new dynamic between players that is nonstop fun and it keeps in mind the important qualities of an old-fashioned game. I hope they make tons more."
,Recommended,293780,15158344,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Is This Muhammad?,This game makes me wish I had more IRL friends
76561198358877903,Recommended,293780,35265039,Posted: 28 September,all,🅱🅴🅰🆅,It's too difficult to operate!!! I always can't figure out which is my ghost!!!!!!! Help!!!!!!!!
76561198067780565,Recommended,293780,33262184,Posted: 4 July,all,RatherUncreativeName,"I've had a few hours of playing with friends and family, and it's about as much as one would expect. It's like a boardgame where the gameplay itself isn't inherently fun, but it serves as a vessel for interpersonal fun moments. ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just stole that kill with a chair!"" ""Haha, they swung at the same time and killed eachother at the intro without me swinging once!"" etc.If you've ever heard of the boardgame Munchkinz, it's very similar. Game times feel like they can vary greatly, because you can either take your sweet time trying to get a great build for the final boss, or you can rush (and fail) 3 times as soon as you get to level 10, making for a short game.Ask yourself: ""Would I spend 15$ (or 10.50$ Steam Sale wink wink nudge nudge) on a board game I'm probably only everplay once or twice?"" If the answer is yes, this is the game for you. If not, then buy a real board game from a garage sale for like 3$."
,Recommended,293780,33111149,Posted: 1 July,all,Globalgig,"A very fun competitive multiplayer game, the only downside is that if one of the players uses the mouse it feels like they are much stronger than all the other characters."
76561197972670148,Recommended,293780,18101575,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ZestyLimez,"I've played this game ever since it came out. I invited some friends over, and we had a blast screwing each other over, and continue to to this day. The game has come so far, starting with just 3 evolutionary trees and a handful of monsters, to 10+ trees, 40 monsters, and a gigantic variety of monster-slaying weaponry to fend off your impending doom. If you're looking for a fun party game with an arcadey, rpg feel, this is the game for you. If I had the opportuntiy to buy this game again, I would gladly do so,I do have a few minor complaints -- you almost need controllers to have the best experience. Playing with the keyboard or mouse is sufficient, but controllers provide a more fuild playstyle. Other than that, the only other problem I have is that some evolutionary trees seem to be better than others, but that really depends on your proficiency with certain monsters.As of when this review was written, there are only two bosses, but the ghosts work together inside of one boss to thwart the player. There is a hydra, with three heads -- fire, ice, and poison -- and a kranken that fires an enormous laser whilist trapping the hero in bubbles and spewing pink acid. Nothing is more satisfying than killing the boss on your ast try, with 1 health remaining... or, killing the hero at the very last second.Having all 4 players isn't a necesity, but does provide a unique experience. Colluding with your friends to utterly destroy the human is such a fun feeling. If you don' have 4 friends immediately around, playing vs another friend is a challenge that tests your ability to fully utilize your monsters and/or hero abilities and skills. On the off-chance you have exactly 0 people to play with, you can always fight with the AI on varrying difficulty levels.10/10, would kill friends over and over again."
,Recommended,293780,20673726,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ah Pook The Catbug,"I honestly don't know what else to say other than this is the only PC game I've managed to convince my die-hard console friends to play.  I mean, I can set this up on my steam link and within minutes I have a full local play group and people on the side lines chomping at the bits to join in on.This game is just plain great.   All it needs is more content, but for my group it's still practically DEMANDED at every nerd gathering we have. ""Oh, it's board game knight?  Can we get some Crawl in the background too?""It's great.  Do it.  Play it.  Get some of those old 360 controllers you have sitting around collecting dust and get a 4 player brawl going.  GO!  GOD!  GO PLAY RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,293780,20448142,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Croy,3-4 Player local co-op is a must if you want to enjoy this game to the full potential. I am looking forward to the full release and playing this more with my friends.
,Recommended,293780,31075905,Posted: 11 April,all,Sullivas,"If you have real life friends that come over to your house, and you have some steam controllers, this is the best thing ever. Seriously."
,Recommended,293780,22856283,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Skypris,"Friends become enemies become friends again in this feverish beat-em-up where you will die the hero, only to see yourself become the villian anyway.This puts a very unique spin on an already established genre, and it does it in a way that makes it stand out against the rest as an example, a goal for how to change game mechanics while maintaining the fun factor.HOW IT PLAYSTo start, it plays like Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon in a sense. Instead of shooting, there is hack n' slash combat. That is where similarities end.When the game start, what happens is a wonderfully crafted, simple yet effective backstory is given as to the 'what and why' of the game. The 4 heroes (up to 4 players or 3 AI) are reduced to 1 while the other players(or AI) now become the spirits. Those spirits are now your enemy.It is the Hero's job to reach at least hero level 10 and kill the boss, all while surviving the traps and monsters that lurk in the dungeon. To do this, the hero will need to stock up on gear and weapons found in the Blcksmiths shop.The spirits are tasked with taking down the hero by means of possesing the traps and summoning runes that lay marked on the floor. Those summoning runes turn the spirits into 1 of 3 monsters from their ""monster loadout"". Once one of them kills the hero, they then take on the role of hero, slayer of ghouls and the fiends they possess.Throughout the game, the hero levels up and sometimes gets rewarded with gold by finding interactive objects or dealing damage to the hero as sppirits. The spirits on the other hand evolve by earning their own currency gained by causing harm to the hero or when the hero levels up.It is a fun and rewarding back and forth game that is surprisingly well balanced with no bugs that I have encountered. I bought this game just a few days before I found it was also part of my Humble Monthly quite some time ago. I did not request a refund from steam for my purchase however because this game is easily worth the money I paid. I would recomend this game to anyone who has local buddies (or can play solo) and loves dungeon crawlers.OTHER THINGS AND STUFFThings it could improve would be to add online functionality, and more diversity to the level design, although neither is required for this already magnificent game.Go give the game a chance!Edit: After spending more time in this game, my review still holds. If anything, I think higher of this game. It is truly something special. They have added more voicework, nee items, a new boss, new mechanics, and new monsters to control. The developers have truly pulled through with this game. Please, go out and play it. It's a hellova good time."
76561198057995936,Recommended,293780,17404410,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ĐA | StarTrix,Yes this game is amazing. Im surprised its still considered an early access game. It feels more complete then most other complete games. The only downside to it is there is no online multiplayer yet. I expect that they will consider it complete once online multiplayer has been added.Game elements-rouge like elements-multiplayer up to 4 people (also has bots to replace)-binding of isaac but more people-fun with friends-extremely addicting
76561198050405068,Recommended,293780,23903002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FatGravity,"This is the best 4-player couch co-op game ever made. Period. So much thought into the art, mechanics, and leveling system. I hope these developers find some rich SOB that will finance them into infinity. Here's looking at you, Mr. Larrity..."
76561198068615287,Recommended,293780,35013897,Posted: 16 September,all,roundpitt,"Amazingly fun, but wish there was a coop or rediculously easy mode so my GF liked to play. Otherwise it's just me and the computer face smashing her repetitively and that's not cool."
,Recommended,293780,25977399,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,☹ スター狙撃兵☹,"New little idea that works perfectly, enjoyed it for quite a bit, but the multiplayer option needs to be online for it to be any fun, the art is amazing and highly recommend this gamePs: Add achievements to the game please24/11/16 : still stands the test of time12/04/17: FINALLY ACHIEVEMENTS!!!! time to play again"
76561198004433561,Recommended,293780,15807751,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheWashableBomb,"Great game.Awesome fun with friends, especially local. We've had many laughs with this game! Dev has added some things since we first played, and it's kept things interesting. AI is fun to play with and dev has tweaked it's AI to play very similar to a human IMO (at first it was inhuman at finding spawns and aiming).You'll want a controller for this game. Graphics may be a bit rough for some people (it can be hard to tell what's what)."
,Recommended,293780,26224665,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TheNative2.0,"This game is a lot of fun, can be very unforgiving in a funny way (to the opposing team). Very good looking and is a lot of fun to play. Is sorta unbalanced but you never really care unless you're a competitive person. I feel like this is a must buy if you have friends and controllers."
,Recommended,293780,15098363,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Yeah this is a great party game that I look forward to having four player couch matches with. I watched several LetsPlay videos, which helped me write this review. Single player is fun, but overall don't pick it up unless you plan on having friends over for multiplayer.Pros:+Simple to learn gameplay elements (nothing gets too complex so your filthy casual friends don't whine too much)+Great take on having friends compete in a roguelike+Devs seem to be still adding stuffCons:-No online multiplayer-Pixel art is great, but sometimes it can get a bittooabstract, which it borders on hereOverall, I think this is a fun game. Wait for a sale and its even better."
76561198029838789,Not Recommended,293780,33329032,Posted: 6 July,all,OptimalButthole,"It's a great dungeon game that's multiplayer. Too bad I don't have any friends to play it with.The whole experience of the game just feels like I can only play this game when I have friends around but then we have another problem, would they want to?"
76561198233392880,Recommended,293780,30905734,Posted: 2 April,all,the real bendy,need multplayer plss
,Recommended,293780,27516061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EasterBeast,"Some days you're the hero, some days you're the monster."
76561198012825255,Recommended,293780,13413819,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Judge Cudge,"Its totes dank with the goodness.You should posses this game, and then be a♥♥♥♥♥♥to your friends with trap-laying monsters."
,Recommended,293780,14134731,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dad's Mad,It's The Legend of Zelda if your one♥♥♥♥♥♥friend had control of the monsters.
76561198012037721,Recommended,293780,11583667,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,drvanhauten,"A truly original gem even in its early access! The arcade pacing is great, smooth and responsive controls and terribly innovative! Even with bots, this is a blast to play! And with pals, it's pure gold.Sérieusement, gang, ça l'air nice en checkant le trailer, mais c'est mille fois mieux en le jouant!"
,Recommended,293780,20618684,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Todarac,"Very fun couch co-op game. I would say you need 3-4 people total for it to be a fun multiplayer experience, though. The game is not very fun 1v1."
,Recommended,293780,11739427,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,JamJackEvo,"It’s been a long time coming, and it’s finally here.In the caverns beneath Steam, all turn to CRAWL.I present to you . . . my review of CRAWL.For time untold I had drifted, bored and alone.But now I watched as a simple developer once again trod the Early Access halls, developing a game that must be played.I took possession of debit cards and PayPal sprung at my command, and when my Library increased a number by one, I could rise for a time as a player of a dungeon CRAWLer.I summon my 360 controller and my gaming headset with a microphone for multiplayer. I wore them for leisure and abuse their usage and flung them at this game. Again and again, the bots cut me down! And I was tickled to see a trace of smugness in their eyes.Did they think I would just play with bots down here?Play with 3 Human Players!The others flanked with analogs, mice, and keyboards, and bled bots of their purpose. They were soon to die, these puppets of artificiality. But when will Powerhoof deliver the killing blow? If they could slay them now, the game would be reborn . . . filled with humans.Kill your friends and smile about it.And as time went on, they fell! Purpose poured from their corpses and filled CRAWL to the brim and flashed praise and anticipation of multiplayer and flared my excitement, reborn.Go to the forums; post your opinions and suggestionsPowerhoof was pleased with the suggestions we have given and rewarded us with content and updates. Taking these, I lobbied with a friend, for fun, excitement . . . and the urge to kill.Only one gets out alive after allWith new vicious tools, I butchered friend after friend, growing ever delightful, but my friends grew also, and I could seldom hold my Humanity for long. Avatars were shredded underfoot as we fought for our prize: that one fading spark of opportunity.We seized it!We lost it!We took it and we fled!For Humanity alone held the difference. And stealing that prize, I hurled viscous blades and teeth and flame—To a room most strange and very boss-like.The eldritch stones split a ragged hole in the air, a gateway to the Final Boss above.And winning . . . if you dare take 1 of 3 chances behind.ahem, ahemOkay, now that that’s over with. The results are here:Graphics: Retro, not a bad thing really. It worked well here.Sound: Retro and somewhat repetitive. Like the olden games betwixt the 80s and 90s.Gameplay: Chaotic, but fun. Really fun. Future updates will have to require an indicator to keep track of your player’s location on the screen, though; colors alone are insufficient for something this fast-paced.Replay Value: Oh eff the hell YESSSSSSS!Verdict: A great buy for playing with friends and ganging up on each other. Also hope to play with strangers in multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,12253012,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,kriptosporidium,"This is possibly the single most fun game that I've played locally with 3 other people, and I've had a PS2/3 set up for it in my room for years, specifically for that purpose.The combat is fast paced, brief and exciting, the light RPG elements have your choices affect the game significantly yet don't bog gameplay down because they're nice and simple, the art and animations are ( in my opinion at least ) gorgeous and delightfully crisp, and the sound design perfectly rounds out the frantic action, as well as the parts inbetween.If you've got a couple of controllers and can get some people around a monitor, you would be hugely wronging yourself and your friends to not have this as one of your choices for the night. It really is amazingly fun."
,Recommended,293780,11583527,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Trylobot,"Gather up your friends, your controllers and some beers, and throw them all into a sack to carry with you, because you're going to want to play this all the time.Don't want to gather 'round your hardcore gaming rig? Got a crappy laptop lying around? There's a chance it might be able to run Crawl. The system requirements are miniscule.This is a very polished game, even at this early stage, and I simply cannot wait to see what Powerhoof does with it leading up to the full release.Bonus points: the devs are really cool blokes, and they'll talk to you! Tell them what you think of their game, make suggestions. They genuinely want your feedback."
76561198005079162,Recommended,293780,13033654,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nezara,"An Absolutely outstanding game.I walked into this game being a little skeptical of the promise and ambition the the trailer highlighted, but I was so, so plesently surprised.unlike most indie games still in alpha this game has an amazing level of polish to it. After several hours of playing I have not once experienced a single crash or significant bug. The fighting is also incredibly balanced and the player and monsters never feel ridiculously powerful or impossible to kill. you never die from a cheap shot and every bit of damage you take feels like you could have avoided it. it has a very Dark-Souls-Esk feel to the combat, its fast, fluid, responsive and satisfying and you never feel punished for dying.Additionally, if you have no buddies to play with the, AI is superb, acting much like a human does in how it moves, fights and decides to buy items (pausing for a brief moment to think). having the choice to alter the amount of players (from 2 to 4) is great and acts as  a subtle way of modifing the difficulty in addition to the AI also has a difficulty modifyer.controllers also have complete compatability, very literally plug and play. either it be a 360 or ps3. (I cannot confirm for other controllers, but it seems to be the case)but when you have 4 controllers, the computer hooked up to the big screen and a few beers around, this game absolutely shines. even in alpha this game is honestly brilliant.BUGSThese are the only bugs that I have noticed thus far (and they are pretty minor ones at that).1. as a ghost you can fly around the map collecting ectoplasm. when you collect enough you can spawn upwards of 3 slimes to enter the field at any time. they are weak, but can certainly be an effective distraction, causing surprising damage if not delt with.There appears to be a spawning bug, you can place them anywhere on the field  however placing them too close to a wall or corner will result in them getting stuck and unable to move. This is no problem as they are easily cleaned up and the game can continoue, but this will probably be quite easily fixed in later versions.2. The AI. while acting pretty reasonable most of the time and are certainly a worthy challenge (I am yet to win a watch against simply 2 AI on normal, I cant imagine what 3 on hard would be like).they do, ever so rarely get a little confused if there is alot of gunk on the floor. As they try to avoid it they end up running over it multiple times and take significant amount of damage figuring out how to behave (but they do snap out of it eventually) . yet, so far, this has only happened maybe 2-3 times in the many matches I have played and only seem to last for that room. its a rare occurance and will probably be patched at a later date.but apart from that.....nothing of mention, the game is very well polished. very easily worth the asking price."
76561198044898074,Recommended,293780,13023796,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,BabyCakeThunderByrd,"Really Original and great Co-op games.I dont recall something similar and it is great.I actually only played it that way and we has a couple of laugh.2 bad things maybe :1 - of both player are good you can pursue so far. will end into a draw.2 -  My game is completly broken. I cant type anything and cant play anymore...Havent seen this quite often.I got too lazy to ask assistance so far, then it's my bad and I'M convinced there is something to do.My guess is that I'll have to start over.Still, I cant wait to see what they will had next.Wait before buying it could be a good idea, but you have to buy it."
,Recommended,293780,11591236,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Jungle Rot the Pyronaut,"Well, I saw this game at the bottom of Steam's New Releases list. I'd never seen or heard of the game before, but that pixel art drew me in close enough to click on it. Boy am I glad I did.In Crawl you play as a ghost trying to murder your living friend, or a hero trying to survive your dead friends' onslaught. Hero's can explore the map, break things, buy weapons at the shop, open chests, and attempt to kill the monsters your friends summoned and are controlling. Ghosts can summon monsters when inside a pentagram, possess various kinds of traps throughout the dungeon, spawn slimes if they've collected enough ghost fluff (or whatever it is...), or even take control of a boss the hero is trying to kill.So, the game starts as one of you randomly chosen as the first hero, who goes about the dungeon exploring rooms, and fending off friends who actively try to kill him. ""Why?"" You may ask. Well, the ghost that lands the killing blow on the hero regains their humanity and becomes the new hero, while the dead hero becomes a ghost. And the fight continues.The hero progresses through the dungeon, leveling up by collecting experience from slain monsters. They can buy new weapons, which range from broadswords, to crossbows, to dual throwing knives; special abilities, which allow you to replace your starting dodge roll with better dodging abilities, beserker rage, and lasers; as well as potions and apparel that grant permenant effects like Dragon's Blood that lowers your max health, but makes you deal more damage. My personal favorite, Golem's Blood, which causes you to mave 10% slower, but raises your max health by 40%. Acid cursed rings that causes you to loose pools of acid every time you get hit to damage your attacker, or the shield that floats around you blocking damage altogether. Need some more gold? Cash in all the blood you took from the hero as a ghost to earn a ton of extra cash.Once a hero reaches level 10 they can challenge the boss. The boss is also controlled by the ghosts, who work together to keep the hero from winning the game, because the boss slayer automatically wins first place. If defeated, the hero returns with low life, sure to die within the next few moments.Now, here's the catch. You can only challenge a boss three times before the portal permenently closes. If the hero loses here, not only do they automatically get last place, but they lose that character forever. Normally, even if your the ghosts and lose when someone beats the boss, your character profile is saved, and you can use them again next time. (with all abilities and weapons reset of course) Not if you lose to the boss the third time. If that happens, your gone forever. This allows you to sort of keep a win streak, or stay-alive streak rather. I can't wait to see how the devs use this in the future.Now, heros can level up, so how do the ghosts compensate? They can evolve their monsters. When a hero levels up, each ghost gets Vitae that they can spend evolving monsters when the hero completes a floor. There's lots of monster evolution chains and you can unlock even more. Before you start, each player chooses a deity to worship, which changes the kinds of monsters that are avalible to you as a ghost. Staying the hero for too long will yeild very powerful enemies for you friends, but stay a ghost for too long and you'll never have a shot at beating the game. The longer you stay a ghost, the more powerful your monters become compared to your friends, and the more powerful your monsters, the higher chance you have at landing the killing blow and becomeing the hero. You see? It's all ingeniously ballanced.Yes I can recomend the game right now. Although there's only one boss and and a few deities. The devs are working on more. This is really good for an early access game.On a side note, This game is Lovecraftian as heck. And I love it for that.Only one issue with the game. It's local multiplayer only at this point. Not that I have a big problem with that, but...Now all I need is 3 people willing to sit around a computer screen to play with me :p8/10"
,Recommended,293780,11583140,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,DolbyDigital,"The artwork, controls, weight of movement, combat, music, innovative concept, moster evolving and really the overall gameplay is very good. This is a phenomenal local co-op game and playing solo against 3 other bots is still fun. Hopefully they add online co-op along with some more levels/bosses/monsters but the game already rocks!"
,Recommended,293780,14581465,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jumperrock,this is a very doll game if you don't have at least a exbox controller but really fun with a friend
,Recommended,293780,23173989,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Firefly & Rai,Me and my best friend hate each other now10/10
,Recommended,293780,26951965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bape Escape,"Crawl is an excellent game to play with friends. Set up some controllers - you only need directional control and one button - and gather the crew around the TV. Excellent if you're getting people together for a good time, especially if everyone enjoys video games, and ESPECIALLY if you all have scores to settle with each other."
76561198071966561,Recommended,293780,26359474,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,shivinhand,Very fun party game
76561198290997321,Recommended,293780,26594718,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Reggie_hype_64,This game is a great game to play with friends my friends and I played for hours and never got bored. it still has new content on the way so make sure toplay from time to time overall lots of fun 8/10
76561198044855135,Recommended,293780,11619704,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,d4nace,Crawling is way more fun than walking. Not sure why I ever stopped!
,Recommended,293780,31257458,Posted: 20 April,all,Böse Mutter,"awesome game,the amazing artwork is pure art,however the content is still not enough,demmand more monsters!More badass boss pls"
76561197999796535,Recommended,293780,28388066,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Nolgh,Amazing! Incredibly fun to play with friends!
,Recommended,293780,11932143,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Zareal,"A very fun 4 player versus game! The bots work very well too. I love the art style and the audio is just fantastic from the music to voices and simple sounds. Fair warning though, it can be beaten in 15 minutes. You unlock more weapons and evolutions every time you beat it, though."
,Recommended,293780,33021390,Posted: 29 June,all,1zach64,"This game is fun if you have friends to play with, I wish it had online multiplayer. Otherwise, this game is an awesome dungeon crawler."
,Recommended,293780,11629892,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,siuying,"I really like the first trailer when it is first announced many months ago. Get this immediately when it goes greenlight. The art style and details in the game is fantastic. The unique two sided game play is refreshing and very fun to play, and enough variety and tricks to keep us playing for hours.While I think it is very fun to play in local multiplayer, if this game offer online multiplayer we can play it more often."
,Recommended,293780,23094552,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Codex,"Bought this once it was released.I've enjoyed this game so much,  and it' completely playable without friends, using bots."
76561198101963252,Recommended,293780,24129297,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,"""Crawl"" your a$$ to work so you can buy this game. Amazing 9/10"
,Recommended,293780,22966003,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Pinch my bottom,"Be a dungeon master without the hassle of being a dungeon master? Sweet. Playing with 3 other people in what makes a solid and fun arcade game. Double sweet. Struggling to find people to play because people find its two buttopn system either underwhelming or boring? Lame. Really fun game, but needs the right crowd to play. Well polished and great gameplay mechanics make this a fun one, just wish it had online play."
,Recommended,293780,15333731,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Rangewookie,"Awesome gameplay. When you aren't fighting for your life as the rouge, you're teaming up with the other ghosts trying to kill him! A bunch of monsters, traps, and bosses to battle and play, it's been really addictive. Can't wait for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,293780,15750532,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,anglerman,"The premise alone would be enough for a game like this to work, but if that wasn't enough, the gameplay is ridiculously well paced and fun from start to end, feeling extremely well thought and executedSoundtrack and animations being of such high quality can only add up to the mix9/10, only needs a little more variety, online multiplayer and some way to start with a different low-tier weapon as a human"
,Recommended,293780,17855853,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Julien,"This game is by far the best game I have ever played.  Multiplayer, PIXEL GRAPHICS, and fun for the whole famiy lololololol"
,Recommended,293780,17806569,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,"Dungeons, monsters and GABEN AS A BOSS"
76561198119605492,Recommended,293780,31088806,Posted: 11 April,all,Mottafier,"This game is fantastic. Amazing art, very stylized, loads of unlockable content that you didn't even know existed, new things discovered with every playthrough, and the ability to kill your friends."
,Recommended,293780,16265568,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rhynnoh,"This game is great. If you're on the fence about whether or not to buy this, buy it. Actually, even if you think you don't like it, buy it anyways.This game is fun, and the time I've spent playing seems to just have washed away. This is one of the few games where I feel that the addiction that I get from playing it, is worth it.Pros:-Requires almost no system specs. Could easily be a smartphone game. (I get ~1000fps... Yeah, it's great)-Fun to play-Very little, if any, learning curve.-Local multiplayer-Controller Support-Up to four players-You can play solo with NPC's-The AI on the NPC's is so good, I would think they're real people if it told me so.-Competetive, and a great game to play with family/friends-Music is great-Different weapons to fit different play styles (I like the claymore, it's got really fast attack speed)Cons:-Not too many cons, this game is pretty good-One little thing: If you are playing the ghost, and you and an allied ghost both happen to spawn the same monster, youmight get mixed up on who is who, because they are the same skin.TL;DRGet this game. It's great."
76561197974462024,Recommended,293780,15695428,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DoTheEyeThing,One of the best local-multiplayer games in existence. Love the art! Hope it's online multiplayer someday : )
,Recommended,293780,35228948,Posted: 26 September,all,SuperUltraSucc,N I C C
,Recommended,293780,29051636,Posted: 5 January,all,SPNKr,"It's DnD but everyone takes turns as the DM while trying to kill the other players. The art is crisp, and the music is solid.Also, change your name to SPN and you can play as me."
76561198121709648,Recommended,293780,11576495,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,sina.rg,"Finally the release of the game many of us have been waiting to play!The gameplay mechanics are extremely smooth and unlockable characters keeps you excited. Everything from the music to the art is very appealing and just makes the overall experience that much better. Even if you aren't doing very well or don't have the chance to become the hero you can still gather experience and upgrade until it's your turn. Playing alone is also not that bad since you have the option of easy to hard leveled bots to play against.It just a very well balanced game and completely worth the purchase. I just can't wait to get back home from work to continue playing it.Congratulations to the team once more for making this game happen, even after what they have gone through and only being 2 members! Excellent game and looking forward to playing more and also what the game has to offer already!Cheers! :)"
76561198051847100,Recommended,293780,13118019,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Pelvis,Extremely amazing game !Multiplayer is great fun and Single player vs AI is also brilliant !!
76561198065532422,Recommended,293780,13206145,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cpt_Ragonator,This game is very fun I can't wait to see where it goes 10/10
76561198077176232,Recommended,293780,31831786,Posted: 18 May,all,scientistbro,"If you have 4 friends, 4 plug-in or computer connecting controllers, and a good pc to surround and fight around. This is a game you MUST get. I had the best time flicking off the gods. Then being cursed by Glub to have only a club, my second ability was♥♥♥♥♥♥(literally, it was an AOE pile of crap that kills mosnters). And I could only buy artifacts and potions. I became so strong froms potions I would proudly state as I one shot my friends ""I WILL PLEASE MY GOD GLUB GLUB!"" Only problem being I only had a fat fish as my mosnter roster, so when i finished shi tting on the enemy and ripping him apart with my teeth I would cry out ""Wubba lubba GLUB GLUB!"" caving in the rest of my friends faces in with the club I was cursed to carry to please my god glub glub. I sadly lost the game, but DAMN was it a fun experience. Moral of the story: pick a god, kill your friends, and have some ♥♥♥♥ING FUN!"
,Recommended,293780,24243886,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Reid,this game is one of the better quality local multiplayers and i recommend you round up four friends and play for a few hours the uniqueness and variety of the game is phenomonal
76561198015612381,Recommended,293780,31348752,Posted: 24 April,all,CHILDISHFATBINO,"I bought this game for a trip with a bunch of friends, after playing this game for a while, we decided to cancel our trip and just play this for a few days. That about says it all about this amazing game"
,Recommended,293780,11579677,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Strongest Baka⑨,"This game is essentially the Nash Equilibrium, except that everyone ends up with the Mutual Assured Destruction Outcome in 4-player mode.Also,Cthulhu AI player in practice molests me nonstop against wall, 11/10 game mechanics~"
,Recommended,293780,19023153,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,T0ffel0k,"A gem! If anyone remembers Moonstone for the amiga, this has many of the same elements; relatively short games, pvp, randomness and high replayability, like a great table top game. Just a great partygame for up to 4 players! And it doesn`t hurt that the graphics and sounds are awesome!"
76561198008146000,Recommended,293780,22964880,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,crazy_boy2K,"I love playing this with my son, but I haven't seen any updates from the developers in awhile.  I posted some ideas in the forums that I think would make the game absolutely great and help balance out the late-game where heroes can get really overpowered and cause the game to drag on; but most everyone thinks their ideas are great, don't they?  A large selection of options like in Worms Armageddon and Super Smash Brothers may also boost replayablility and make each game more (or less) interesting.  Anyway, I would like to see that this game continues to develop and hope that it will get more balanced out.Overall, this game is a 9/10 and definitely worth getting if you've got a few friends to play a local co-op game with.  Lots of replayability!"
,Recommended,293780,16215720,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,J4MK1NG,savage
,Recommended,293780,16904886,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,The Mish,fun for friends and family! Even single player can be fun! I do hope they add more monsters and make them harder right now it just seems too easy and there isn't that many levels to gettoo before you are powerful enough to beat the bosses. Looking forward to online multiplayer if it ever comes out.
,Recommended,293780,16182300,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,m A R T Y,Would backstab friends again. 10/10 (also being actively developed which is a nice change for E/A)
,Recommended,293780,11583729,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[PUG] lercas,"Digging the retro-like feel of the game and even whrn playing singleplayer it feels as if I were playing a game with actual players, but multiplayer is even better laughing, yelling, cheering, etc is what you can get when you're playing with acouple of friends of your siblings it's just a great game to play in general."
76561198092028549,Recommended,293780,26876188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nerd Crusher,"Good Game, fun if you have friends to play it with.( no online play ). 9/10"
,Recommended,293780,17969697,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Bonk Donkulous,"if you have 3 friends, and at least 2 extra controllers, please just get this game. It's amazing.Also, did anyone else see the gaben mini-boss thing?"
76561198135614484,Recommended,293780,31076469,Posted: 11 April,all,Co-op Arcadia,"If you are here reading this comment, buy this game already!You can solo play but the magic is in the local coop.I would give a perfect 10/10 score if the game have online multiplayer."
76561198042670360,Recommended,293780,15763644,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Zoyts,"So coool. Very interesting and exiting way to challenge people with each other)Really nice idea. Love it :3Developers, please, don't waste this game, do not stop develop and improve it."
,Recommended,293780,11624184,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,"Man, what an amazing game. So much fun. Best when played with friends, but is still very fun to play solo. Very much recommended."
,Recommended,293780,13001832,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Yeeshmere,My friend became so O.P. he one to two hit our fully leveled monsters but he was so slow it took him a good 15 seconds to enter and leave a room.
,Recommended,293780,14274338,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Remagamer,"Pure genius. Will have your friends screaming, laughing, and throwing their controllers at your head."
76561198178276533,Recommended,293780,20478955,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wesley,"Great game. One of the best games I've ever played. This is an addictive, competitive, dungeon crawler that will keep you on the edge of your seat when fighting friends. Most of the monsters seem balanced and are very fun to use.However...Monsters Problems- The Green Shaman monster thing that summons the zombies need to be nerfed to hell and back. It's very very fast, and has so much health. Not to mention that the slime it leaves behind slows you down so much it's not even a fun challenge. The tentacle things need to have slightly lower health and weak attacks also. The one that is able to go underground and then come back up and attack you is way too ogrepowered. It need to have lower health or do less damage, or not be able to go underground as often. The other one's not as bad, but the tentacles it makes come from the ground are SUPER bulky and take up the whole screen! The minotaur that stems from the rat monster needs to be slower or have a longer recharge on it's sprint. I'm really good with a bow and it frustrates my friends when I kill them because they can't even reach me due to me speeding around the map so often. Other than these specific monsters, I can't really think of anything else in the monster catagory.Boss Problems- Kourok needs to have more health and need to be stronger. Something about Kourok needs to be stronger because anytime someone activates the portal, it's either guarunteed death, (Ghidraak) or a free pass to beat the game. Kourok is nowhere near as strong as Ghidraak and is too easy of a boss. Ghidraak is WAY TOO STRONG! I have probably beaten this boss maybe 3-4 times when fighting it. It is incredibly overpowered in full dragon form, but the fact that EACH INDIVIDUAL HAED GETS THEIR OWN LIFE AFTER DETACHMENT completely breaks the game. You struggle through enough with fighting the boss. Some people are probably saying ""That's why the healer is there!"", but it doesn't matter! Even if the healer doesn't get hit AT ALL to where he doesn't run away, he only drops 3-4 health orbs at the MOST. It MIGHT be okay for Ghidraak's head to each have a second chanceif their ealth wasn't so high. Their health is the same as if not more that it takes to knock it off of the dragon body in the first place.PLEASE PLEASE POWERHOOF! FIX GHIDRAAK!!!! PLEASE! The ending of the game literallly depends on if the human gets Ghidraak or Kourok, and that's really unbalanced and unfair. It needs to come down to the players skill, and no matter how much skill you have, it's near impossible to kill Ghidraak, even without competant playuers. (I just ten minutes ago fought Ghidraak and was versing an ""easy"" bot, and lost. I am very good at this game and have played for wuite a while. PLEASE CHANGE GHIDRAAK!)"
76561197972366077,Recommended,293780,11970528,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Pab,"Crawl is a quick, frantic, multiplayer frenzy which is awesome to play with friends."
,Recommended,293780,11950062,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Dr. Tran,"Crawl is a a top-tier couch multiplayer game. It has to be one of the best multiplayer games I've ever played. The game mechanics work seamlessly together to create an experience that had me and all of my friends on the edge of our seats with excitement several times over the course of four or five playthroughs. It's rare that we find a game that keeps us so excited for so long.Despite a fairly simple set of mechanics, it manages to keep up the intensity by constantly finding ways to up the ante. The spirit players are consistently evolving their monsters into more powerful forms, but the hero is always gaining more levels and buying loot. Then, when the hero dies the cycle continues for another player. By the time a hero is getting close to level 10 (the required level to fight the boss), the spirits probably have at least one of their monsters at peak evolution--and the peak evolution monsters are almost all bad♥♥♥♥♥hero slaying machines. By that point, every encounter is a desperate scramble to see who can hit level 10 first. The players trade off constantly, each getting their turn to be the hero.Even when someone does hit level 10 and face the boss, the spirits control the boss's various limbs. Good teamwork and coordination can make it incredibly difficult for the hero to succeed; it becomes an intense struggle between the spirits and the hero. Good thing you get 3 chances to beat the boss... but those 3 chances are shared between all players. Some of the most intense moments I've had playing this game came from close calls during the boss fight, but some of the dungeon's rooms can be nearly as treacherous as the boss fight when controlled by good spirit players.The game keeps things fresh by (I think) randomly generating the dungeon's levels every time you play, along with randomizing the loot you can buy from the store. Every time you play, you get new options, and every time you finish a game you unlock new evolutions, traps, or loot. One of the first unlocks is a laser beam trap that we all came to dread greatly when playing as the hero (and love when playing as a spirit). That thing is awesome. You can even unlock new gods to worship (well, only one right now but I imagine they plan on adding more), which open up new monsters and new evolution paths for your monsters.Crawl managed to entertain 7 fickle friends for several hours, even though only four of us at a time could play. It was intense enough and fun enough that it was OK to have to be sidelined, because even watching your friends play is a fairly decent experience. It's hard not to pick sides and start rooting for the spirits or the hero, even if you're not playing. We will *definitely* be playing more of this, especially once more content comes out. The fact that they call this game ""early access"" is incredible. I already feel like I've gotten more than $10 worth of awesome fun out of Crawl, and the fact that more content is coming has me actively excited for more."
76561198083286870,Recommended,293780,14138017,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Certanox,"This Game Is Great If you have a big screen , 4 Xbox Controllers , and 3 friends and or family! I Reccomend This to Anyone Who Has The Things Listed and likes games where you need to upgrade and buy things! :D"
76561198005697296,Recommended,293780,14307016,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,p1nt0,please god make online multiplayer
,Recommended,293780,11652637,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Andrew,"This game has a unique feel. It's really fast-paced and you go from being an aggressive villain to a defensive hero within seconds! Matches last about 30 minutes and the competitive and tense nature of these matches really is fun. Local multiplayer games are not very common on PC but this really works. I also love the aesthetics! The art style and animations are very smooth and reminescent of older games mechanics-wise. 9.5/10! I love this game.Only improvement would be to adjust the pacing of the AI when in singleplayer, as soon as they are level 10 they try the boss, I wish they'd wait a little bit to get upgrades first."
,Recommended,293780,12749140,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,John Wasteland,Best local multiplayer game on Steam
76561197985679061,Recommended,293780,12037086,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,angstseed,"I played through this game in its entirety in one sitting with a group of friends.   All I can say is that it's one of the most entertaining co-op multiplayer games I have ever played.  Even when you're playing as a monster (or posessed object, as the case may be) you still have a total blast.  It's at its best when you're vying to be reborn as a human, and the leveling system between the rounds is a lot of fun as well.  Cannot wait to see more expanded content and more monsters.  The soundtrack is like something out of a chiptune Hammer film.  If you love local co-op and have xbox 360 Controllers, get this.  Absolutely.  10/10"
76561197993729196,Recommended,293780,11710702,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,tickle test,I you haven't clicked buy before the trailer finishes you're doing it wrong.
76561198070719133,Recommended,293780,11742629,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,will the thrill,"you can play twenty games in a row and they will all be different! you unlock new items everytime you play!played for 3 hours, never lost interest.GET THIS GAME"
76561198047669418,Recommended,293780,19740773,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TiltOnJam,"Wow.Whoa-Whoa-whoa- Hold the phone! HAve you seen this game? eeeeeeeuuuuuuggh! ITS AMAZING! AMAZING! You wanna have a party?!? Get this game going with some people you know, and, man, you have a party, Brutha!"
76561198031565656,Recommended,293780,11585239,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rusty Shackelford,Genius Genius GENIUS!!!!
76561198042492849,Recommended,293780,11734118,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,bagofsammiches,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥snacks this game is amazing. I can't wait for future updates.
,Recommended,293780,12758017,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Laurgo,"Best local co-op game i have found on steam. I only wish that it had more than four players, multiple heroes, and online multiplayer. The game is very well balanced in its current state. I cant wait to see the updates."
,Recommended,293780,12764727,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Flarn,Best couch coop game I have ever played.
,Recommended,293780,12813105,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bio-exorcist,"Can't recommend this highly enough. Even in Early Access, alone, against bots, it's still amazing. Blows Nidhogg out of the water."
,Recommended,293780,13991586,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Black,Amazingly fun. Gotta Crawl like Daylight was Death.
,Recommended,293780,14721825,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Darth Mogapi (brother),This is one of the funnest games i've ever played. Really simple and fun gameplay. Stunning pixel graphics. Guys you don't understand how fun this game is. I even play it with bots when i'm bored. BOTS! It's that fun. Even more fun with friends though.If you haven't played this...What are you doing with your life?! You need to experience this masterpeice of a indie game.
76561198107796638,Recommended,293780,19527503,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JenApp,"Very fun fantasy game where up to 3 players have to work together to kill the 4th player but where your friends turns on you the instant you defeat the 4th, possible to play only 2 players as well or single player against 2-3 AIs. The more players the merrier, but single player is ok. Unfortunate lacks online multiplayer option.The constant adding of new material to the games, makes it a game that is interesting to return to, the game play is the same, but you wanna find the new things that have been added."
,Recommended,293780,12652017,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Assassin739,"This game is great! The graphics really aren't too bad, and besides, I vastly prefer well-made 2D graphics to fuzzy, badly made 3D graphics any day. Very fun gameplay, and I like the fact that you can, for once play as the traps as well as the monsters.My only real problem with this game is the aiming, and the fact whatever you are shooting goes whichever way you are facing. This makes ranged monsters/heroes feel uncontrollable at times. I would like to see some more content, such as new monsters and equipment, as well as maybe a couple of new traps. I also think the Gatekeeper is a bit easy, and could perhaps have some more health.Apart from that this game is AWESOME! I highly recommend it to anyone who likes dungeon crawl games, as well as Dungeons and Dragons players. By which I mean, of course, PROPER D&D, the Pen and Paper games, not that stupid Neverwinter game made by Perfect World. That game sucks.Anyway, DEFINITELY a reccomendation. They are still bringing out more content for about another year, and after that the price is going up, probably to this games actual worth, about $20. Definitely get it soon!"
,Recommended,293780,25465736,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,scoutmaster lumpus,is good buy
76561198012230749,Recommended,293780,12048013,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,zerogravity120,"I've been waiting for this game all my life but I just didn't know it until I played it.I invite 3 of my friends over and every night the the past 2 weeks we play 4 player crawl all night.I used HDMI and connected my computer to my 51"" Plasma and we all sit around and play using 4 wireless xbox 360 controllers,a similar setup is definitely recommended to get the most out of the game and really get that arcade feel.100% recommend this game and I can't wait for the updates!"
76561198111422048,Recommended,293780,23213989,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Peace,"Great game, for a cheap price. The game gets different the longer you progress, and even the bots are okay!"
76561198128629016,Recommended,293780,23208269,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Shrek,this game is awome. its an amazing game that never gets old to play. the only catch is its not online multiplayer. beside that its totally worth it!4 out of 5 stars for me
,Recommended,293780,33059856,Posted: 30 June,all,TACO GOPNIK (♥),It's a pretty rad game
,Recommended,293780,33075774,Posted: 1 July,all,NFR,"Super couch game. Even some of my friends and family, that does not play or like computergames, plays this one. It takes at most one playthrough (about 20-40 min) to get the hang of it and then the murdering can start."
,Recommended,293780,33180692,Posted: 3 July,all,Fromton Jambage,insane local multiplayer game
76561198058734543,Recommended,293780,32979484,Posted: 29 June,all,Dr_Seuss1991,Really fun to play with friends!
76561198020595158,Recommended,293780,12188532,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,URL Skelemad,"A very unique co-optional dungeon Crawler.The art style of this game is amazing, it gives quite the retro feel.I would like to see some more content updates, because in it's current state it's a nice party game but it lacks sufficient gameplay to keep me playing.Nevertheless, it's a really fun game to play with friends and if you don't have any, there are bots who will always play with you :)A solid 7/10 which might even go up to an 8, depending on the amount of content released.EDIT:Enough time has passed and lo, Crawl has delivered. 9/10 Well done."
76561198171726422,Recommended,293780,28693548,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Skinner1456,"Wow Jesus ok the game is fantastic. Even if you are like me and don't have friends, I'm gonna play my heart out. just a very well made game."
76561197995242003,Recommended,293780,28516526,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Grandmaster of Butt Commerce,"Wow, this game is absolutely incredible, being a child of the arcade age, this is exactly the kind of game I was looking for.Really addicting 4-player fun that keeps me and my friends coming back for one more Crawl."
76561197992745090,Recommended,293780,28768013,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Forensic Squid,I waited for this to go on sale. I should have bought this sooner. Best enjoyed with friends to play with. I wouldn't recommend purchasing if it's just single player.
76561198139556017,Recommended,293780,28834669,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,rocker atticus,I looooove this game
,Recommended,293780,27733964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ｋｅａｇａｎ,When I got this game I wasn't exactly sure how to play it or what the goal was but the moment I figured it all out i loved it and was amazed by the mechanics and how it worked.
76561198119070321,Recommended,293780,28999159,Posted: 3 January,all,Kefalos,"One of the best early access games I've played. I've been wishing for this type of game ever since I was a kid. Basically you take turns playing as the hero, or the bad guys (ghosts, gouls, monsters, and traps). Whoever kills the hero becomes the new hero. You level up as a hero and as bad guys with an ultimate goal of defeating the boss monster. The mechanic of going back and forth between the hero and bad guys works seemlessly, and it is fun to play as both.I love the retro art style, music, and sound as they all fit well together and with the mechanics of the game. The game is quick to pick up, and I can't wait to play this with friends.Worth it at $10, and definitely worth it if on sale. Thus far I give this 10/10, and can't wait to see where they take it in the future!!!"
,Recommended,293780,28048323,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PSO,Crawl is probably my favorite game to play when I have friends over.
76561198183582115,Recommended,293780,28845715,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,littlegeek,"I've wanted this game for a while now and since I got it, there was no regret for the money I spent. The diversity of weapons and monsters/playable-characters. Unique gameplay mechanics. Highly engaging intro scene with storyline. Breathtaking pixel graphics. Huge replayability value. And the developers are adding new contnet every month?! There is no doubt how fun this game is.~~P.S:I hope they make another boss for the next update."
76561197970570841,Recommended,293780,28547359,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The_Schmidt,"This is some arcade awesomeness!  I just went 10 rounds with some ghost-mages or whatever killing and respawning the whole way through.  I don't even know what's happening, but the excitement just does not stop."
,Recommended,293780,20322838,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Chazmus,"An absolute work of art. Fun for everyone playing whether you're a ghost or the hero at the time. Looks great, mechanics are great, easily accessible for newcomers and has enough unlocks to keep you coming back for more.Looking forward to more content / the potential of online multiplayer, but as it stands I'm completely satisfied with this game.10/10 Would send my friends back to the hell from whence they spawned again!"
76561198011244448,Recommended,293780,20199090,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Legenditals,"Crawl is an awesome multiplayer (local) game in which you, your friends and AI will control up to 3 ghosts. The players will be competing for gold and experience while traversing a dungeon. One player will spawn as the hero, and the remaining players will start as ghosts. The currently alive player will move from room to room, coming across pentagrams in most rooms. The ghosts can activate these to summon one of 3 monsters chosen in a kit at the start of the game.Should a ghost deal the killing blow on the player, they spawn as the hero and must continue the dungeon! Each floor has a shop and boss ring the player can interact with, as well as other wishing wells and a few other entitys to work with.The combat is fun, there's plenty of weapons the store offers, plenty of artifacts to modify the character, as well as spells to get from the shop.Pros:A fun (currently local) fighting game for friends to challenge each other in.Plenty of weapons to choose from, a good bit of item variation.Lots of unlocks to encourage replayability.Challenging bosses that force the ghost/players to work together to kill the hero/playerMore content to come!The combat is solid and fun.Nice design for a minimalist/pixel game.Cons:While maps are randomly generated, there isn't any difference in backgrounds or themes at this time of reviewThe sound is very harsh and not appeasing at all."
,Recommended,293780,21045449,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,So many friends now hate me.So much joy reaped from stomping on them with a giant demon beast.So much laughter as I crushed them with my mighty swords.Pure happiness is ending you're friends streak by being a♥♥♥♥♥♥and spamming the rat's charge movie.This is a really fun time. Just make sure you have some controllers and buddies handy.
76561197996096586,Recommended,293780,31106758,Posted: 12 April,all,Pip798,One of the best couch co-op games I have ever played. Very intense as your friends try to kill you or you try to kill them and the presentation/atmosphere is fantastic.
76561198041122219,Recommended,293780,13153858,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EmperorCcin,"While on the surface Crawl may not look like much, it only gives you short play sessions and the gameplay is pretty straightforward, it's way too plain.YOU'RE DEAD WRONGCrawl may only have short play sessions and generally simple gameplay, however, the experience that is delivered throughout that short period of time is like no other. You play as the monsters to regain your humanity or fight as a human to keep your humanity. This extremely unique multiplayer experience cannot be overlooked. The only real problem comes in with...limited multiplayer options. Fighting AI controlled bots is more entertaining than you might think however, the serious problem arises with there being only local multiplayer. Although you can play a smooth two-player match with one person on mouse and one on keyboard, online or at least LAN multiplayer would truly make this game much more enjoyable. All in all, the gameplay may be short-lived but it leaves you wanting more, and although multiplayer is still a bit of a problem, it still provides hours of entertainment.Pros:+Unique gameplay experience+Outdated yet good looking Graphics+Endless replay value+Game is simple enough to be played just with a mouse, allowing for a smooth two-player match (As long as you have a keyboard as well)Cons:-Multiplayer is limited to local (Quite a drawback) May want to wait until it's finished before purchasing"
76561198058618492,Recommended,293780,12808894,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Hive,"This game is a gem of local co-op fun and chaos.I took about 30-40 minutes per game with 2 humans and 1-2 AI players, and the game pacing felt about right. Crawl itself has a crazy simple design, looks and feels like an old arcade game (only 2 buttons, and one stick) I played with a controller and loved it (haven't yet tried the mouse). As simple as it was on paper, playing the hero took some work (monsters actually felt more responsive and intuitive, controllwise, than the hero), aiming ranged weapons took finesse, and missing a special or crucial attack because the target was moving around was heartbreaking, but  each time I moved to deny either my friend or the AI my precious humanity was a moment of absolute triumph. The cutscenes between hero death and the new hero entering the game gave the unfortunate loser a chance to exclaim thier losses, while the winner exclaimed thier victory.The Games basic premise is refreshing, with 4 players all competeing for the chance to be a hero and defeat the boss. The switch off between being the hero, a monster, a trap and a ghost was enjoyable. Best moment was when I realized that the final boss was also controlled by the ghosts, and I took great pleasure in shooting my friend with a simple, but really enjoyable array of attacks. The ghosts will need to work together to take down the hero, because although they outnumber him, most of the time the hero has more health, and often does more damage (depending on monster level), when an AI hero battle began my friend and I would quickly talk strategy and each try to exploit the hero's predicament in order to land the final blow ourselves.The chaotic and quick pace that ensued was enjoyed by all, and even though we didn't win the match, simply playing the game was enjoyable.  Finaly, after finishing the match we got to see the new items we unlocked for our next game, I can't wait to try and find them all.For an early access game feels both polished, and nuanced.8.9/10, can't wait to see what this game becomes!EDIT: With New Bosses, New Monsters and Tons More to Explore I am more excited than ever to keep on exploring the dungeon.. I got goosebumps when I saw the release trailer, and I can honestly say that I expect the next few evenings are going to be spent in the company of friends trying to brutally murder each in CRAWL."
,Recommended,293780,18756350,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dodeca,Great for a night with the butt-buddies
,Recommended,293780,11607771,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Spitty Dragon,got 4 friends and lots of controllers? holly karp this game is fricken fun as hell!!
,Recommended,293780,27630979,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ezteban,"A solid game, well worth its price!It's great with a controller."
76561198302644863,Recommended,293780,24209352,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Phlurmp,"It is a fun game about killing your friends and worshipping demons, in order to kill a giant monster to gain freedom. 10/10"
76561198088111294,Recommended,293780,24209051,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Autistic Soup Kitten,"This game is extremely refreshing in the genre of hack & slash/dungeon crawlers. It puts a twist to multiplayer gaming that I haven't seen anywhere else, especailly with these types of games. The competitiveness, and the mechanics used to generate it, culminate to a great experience. It's fun by yourself with bots, and with others.I would recommend."
,Recommended,293780,24172106,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Transient Elmo,"Get this game, meet up with friends and enjoy!"
,Recommended,293780,25694341,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mr_EdgeworthVII,"Really great party game. Super simple to play but a lot of fun. I'm very pleased with the AI in this game. While it isn't the same as playing with other people, they do well enough that the game is still fun to play alone. A game with 3 AI takes me around a half hour to complete so it makes for a perfect game when you need a little break. Would totally recommend."
76561198064564102,Recommended,293780,32756640,Posted: 24 June,all,Chief Balls-Out,"If you love the arcade, appreciate pixel art, and wish there were more couch multiplayer games, pick this one up."
76561198067939516,Recommended,293780,28398919,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hazardike,"-Beautifull, well made game!-Simple to learn, and loads of fun!-Perfect for 3 or 4 people on one screen.-Can worship Glub, the dank lord of fertility.10/10 would back stab my friends again!"
76561198238337934,Recommended,293780,19117645,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,draperza,"Very fun multiplayer bash. Awesome concept.I played through it once on single player, but I haven't played single-player any more than that because I don't want to get too good at the game for fear of it not being fun when playing with others who are playing for the first time.I had to borrow a couple of controllers in order to play 4-player but it was definitely worth it."
76561198065720404,Recommended,293780,11940701,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Syperius,Really fun if you have other people to play with.
,Recommended,293780,33042330,Posted: 30 June,all,levandry,This game is very good and the only one lacking is online mode.8/10 (10/10 if have online mode)
,Recommended,293780,14677514,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Billy McChucks,"This game is a great time. Games can last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour, but it never gets boring."
,Recommended,293780,26224960,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RickiestRick,Tons of fun when playing with friends (requires contorlers for local multiplayer) and that's what this game is about.
,Recommended,293780,18708581,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Contrecarre,"This game is supposed to support controllers fully,but it doesn't work very well.Impossible to bind controls on a single controller,pressing a single button activates the controller for Player 1,but pressing another different button (which you have to do to bind the controls) activates the controller for Player 2 also.Try pressing ESC to cancel it,it activates the keyboard for Player 3.Try to click on something to go back,it activates the mouse for player 4.Although it seems possible to bind controls by clumsily binding 1 controller to 1,using ALT+F4 to return to steam,re-launching and repeating the process,for me it would glitch at the 3rd controller and controller 1&2 would get mixed up.My controllers work perfectly as xbox 360 wired controllers on every other single game I own,so I'm pretty sure it's not a problem on my part.Complete shame as this game looks really fun.EDIT :Last night I got drunk with my friends,and we were bored so I thought I'd reinstall Crawl to see if it worked,and guess what- it did. No idea why,I desinstalled and reinstalled it about 20 times before but for some reason,my controllers get properly recognised now (maybe a patch was released,I don't know)So the review then:- This game is really fun.It's a bit difficult to understand and to explain (especially when playing with non english speakers) but the learning curve isn't too steep.-The mechanics are really engaging and you won't find yourself watching your friends have fun,some times you'll prefer playing as a monster because who doesn't want to be able to be a dragon,a lovecraftian-cthulhu-mind flayer,or a giant skeleton knight ?-I just started but it seems like there is a LOT to unlock in this game.Combos with skills/trinkets are pretty cool though sometimes imbalanced (raging bull + haunted axe x 3 = GG GL HF)  but it's a party game,not a competitive game.-The versus doesn't just inculde monsters vs human.You'll often try to steal a kill to regain your humanity,but when the human player has to fight a boss,you'll cooperate to make sure he doesn't win.I didn't quite understand how you reach the final struggle(game ends after that,which caught us off guard as we thought we could re-try the final boss several times) but hopefully I'll find an answer in the forums.It's definitely a multiplayer game though,so I wouldn't recommend buying it if you don't have anyone willing to play with you,the bots are fairly easy to beat."
76561198099802598,Recommended,293780,11868502,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,RunningMuggles,Recieve coins from Jabba the Hut.
,Recommended,293780,26731273,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,WizterSky,Fun Fun Fun!Play alone or play with your friends(Local Co-op).With simple controls and graphics this game is damn addictive.I cant get my mind off this game at all!(help)
,Recommended,293780,33018940,Posted: 29 June,all,Philthy Casual,"An extremely fun and well made game. Sadly the multiplayer is local only, which is a shame because an online matchmaking system would work out very well for this game. If you have company alot, definitely get this game. Otherwise all you will fight is the AI, which isn't a terrible thing."
,Recommended,293780,32982388,Posted: 29 June,all,soap-kid,"Who doesn't love beating up their friends.I figure it's a gimmick of the game but while local multiplayer is a cool option, online multiplayer would also be pretty nice for those of us who don't have real friends."
76561198168293661,Recommended,293780,32538737,Posted: 18 June,all,votterotrev,I think the game is really fun to play with friends but I never played it solo.  I find there is problems in this like how there is only three bosses and would like to see more boss. Also I think maybe later you can add more Monster and more tree. But I had alot of fun with my friends playing this and would reccomend getting it if you have friends that live near and can play local I hope they realese a online mode to this game.
,Recommended,293780,29524819,Posted: 27 January,all,Golden Neckbeard,"Simple controls that unfold into a bottomless well of tense competition, where you can always be a bit better but without the punishing learning curve of a fighting game. Ominous and exhilarating music and an aesthetic that consiatently nails 70's low fantasy art by way of 80's pixel medium while remaining perfectly legible until the slowly climbing density degenerates into a chaotic comedy of dungeoneering death. Brief periods of downtime, relieving the constant build of tension though no less posessed of interest than the mania of the larger game. Clever narrative touches that inform the players of their role in the nightmare even as they're invited to dip into the gleeful, cruel madness of children and bloodsports.Happily will my fellow supplicants and I sacrifice more evenings, more ales at this altar. Crawl is the best couch-n'-controller game I've ever played. If it recieves a subtle comeback mechanic and a third boss before full release, it may well be the best such game I will ever play."
,Recommended,293780,29887659,Posted: 12 February,all,Why So Serious,"This is one of the most fun games that I have ever played. Crawl is a fun arcade-style game where the game shifts from co-op to survival and is completely competitive. As you can see, my friends and I have played this for several hours and had a blast doing so. There are lots of strategies, weapons, and monsters to learn about it if everyone that is playing starts getting really good, but before then it is fairly simple to pick up and has not yet gotten repetitive. It is also continuing to be updated with new monsters, skills, and items since when this review was posted. Great work and keep it up!"
,Recommended,293780,29385752,Posted: 20 January,all,Jamza,"Probably the most fun I've ever had in a local multiplayer game. Ever. The idea is incredible and the mechanics do it justice. Crawl slaps you to a rollercoaster of emotions that lets you ride through the despair of clawing for the spark of humanity, the triumph of striking down your friend and claiming it for your own, the loss and subsequent hunger that come from losing it, and the crushing defeat of knowing your soul wanders the halls for eternity or the unparalleled victory of having wrested your soul from the clutches of damnation.Play this game with competitive friends."
76561198035389835,Recommended,293780,32734965,Posted: 24 June,all,GandalftheRad,"Crawl is so fun its unreal, even if you need to use bots, the AI is developed well enough to provide a challenge.  This game is awesome with friends, the only criticism i have is the need for an online multiplayer function"
,Recommended,293780,35310359,Posted: 29 September,all,Theytah,"Probably the best couch multiplayer game I've ever gotten on steam. Great loadout systems for monster and gameplay with some really good weapon balance. If you're looking for an easy to learn yet very competitive game for you and your friends, definitely pick this up!"
,Recommended,293780,15408355,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,chicogrande,"Crawl is a well put-together, accessible, couch-co-op game. The become the monster dynamic is unique and well implemented. I play this game with my kids and they always feel like an active part of the game even if they are not the main hero. The unlockable gods, unlockables, items, etc. are a cool incentive to keep playing.The boss battles currently in the game are a bit lopside. One is far easier than the other, but I'm hopeful more challenging battles will be added as the game is developed. Looking forward to more content on this title as time goes along."
76561198187339043,Recommended,293780,15416335,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,m.zhao,"hilarious and fun when playing with friends, the unique playstlye is somewhat never seen before, this special way of gaing xp and fight your way to the final boss stage while competing with friends is both satisfying and exciting."
76561198050641323,Recommended,293780,15430170,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,yoo4yoo,10/10Awesome game and even better with friends in local coop
76561198101207396,Recommended,293780,15571264,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DaNiceGuy,"Everything about ""Crawl"" is amazing! It's definitly worth the buy. The only thing that I found to be negative about the game is that it's LOCAL multiplayer only. I find that i'm not playing games on a single computer with multiple people like on a consol. Thats why (as of now)  this game is a much better buy on x-box. I just hope the developers make it worldwide multiplayer as well."
,Recommended,293780,15647147,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Needle Niggas,"Everything about this game feels great, its perfect to just pass the time. I know its still just in Early Access, but i really hope they make it to where you can play online, that would blow the game right out of the water"
76561198086572936,Recommended,293780,15793314,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,MetalLordDillon,Soo fun!! Love the old school feel in both the art style and gameplay. Brings me back to the good old days of LAN parties and playing games with friends in person. Great party game!!
76561198025931754,Recommended,293780,16069710,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,zakh134,fantastic. great balance between the monsters leveling and the human. theres always thjings for the ghosts to collect in situations they would otherwise be idle (human shopping). all in all amazing cant wait for more
,Recommended,293780,16429662,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yoji,"Crawl is a fun game for a group of friends. Currently the game is only local play but that doesnt mean it isnt fun. The game is fast paced and can be quite a challenge for newcomers.Pros--fun, fast paced, action all out brawl-great group party game-easy to play-lots of great challengesCons--Friends Vs Friends = someones gonna be salty-hard to catch up if your the last in the match-ONLY local play!-you have to share the keybaord-The 2nd player has to use the mouse and is gonna hate it (most likely)Im gonna give it 7/10. it needs some work done on mutiple things and hey online multiplayer wouldnt hurt but it is a good game so give it a try."
76561198081524208,Recommended,293780,15394549,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,SoaranAkantor,"This game is so much fun, I had a blast just playing with the AI I cant imagine the joy of having actual people to play against"
,Recommended,293780,15407558,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Simebone,Great 4 player couch gaming.
76561198048329920,Recommended,293780,15601953,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Traquinnius,An extremly fun game to play even alone!Pro:-Fun Gameplay-Great Bosses-Looks Amazing (You really get an Arcady Feel)-Something new (Competetive Coop)-Good SoundtrackCon:-At this state no online ModeConclusion:This is a Fun Game to play with Friends (who you don't mind losing as a friend). The great thing is even if you got noone to play with you the Bots can take over the rolls of the other characters and they are very challenging. With friends: A must own. Without friends: You should wait for an online Mode.
,Recommended,293780,15720982,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Corn Is Tasty,"This game is... I don't know how to even appropriately state how fun this game is. A blast with friends or even just with the computer. When this game is no longer early access and more content is added, currently there's only two bosses, I will say it's easily worth the money, because it's already easily worth the money."
76561198011514157,Recommended,293780,15789142,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Bidness Mantis,Tons of fun for local multiplayer.  Great even when playing against bots.
76561198202303020,Recommended,293780,15989098,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SIlverSmeef,"Great game to play with friends, or by yourself! at first i was worried but the charming pixel graphics, and amazing co-op action made me think otherwise, evolving monsters as an enemy or buying swords and magic as the hero, this game keeps me coming back for more! buy it, you wont be dissapointed!"
76561198046617310,Recommended,293780,16023614,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,FroggyIntention,"When I saw the trailer for this game, admittedly it made me weak and sent a shiver down my spine. The idea and setting of the game is utterly marvelous. Not only creeping through a dungeon with your friends trying to cause your downfall, but with care, they can take that delicious chance of freedom from you is so very entertaining. I personally love the art style, it's suitable and really helps set the theme for this dark dungeon crawl. The controls are simple, yet very satisfying, every strike with a blade and every dodge to spare your life is as satisfying as any. Not to mention the monsters you encounter, some you love and some you hate, but that makes you fight so much harder just to make sure you do not see your grinning friend shout in success as he steals your humanity. Though many people have complained about an online functionality, I understand however am not too upset by it. If there is not going to be an online function however, I would like to see some improvements to the AI. Often I've found the AI to act in peculiar ways, like they're on a cycle, letting another AI or player get away with things completely at certain times and it's tremendously obvious when they do so. I'd like to see the AI be a little more dynamic and not quite so inclined to help each other, it is a desperate fight for freedom after all. Aside from that however, so far into the Early Access I am loving the game, and hope many more do. Absolutely  worth the price, and the fun to be had."
,Recommended,293780,16216796,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Dam Keeper,This game is really fun! The concept is great and playing this with friends is a blast. It may seem like it becomes repetitive but it doesn't. Everytime its a new experience! :-)
76561198230799568,Recommended,293780,16297052,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,hicham.g,Used to play it a lot at my brother's place and finally decided to buy it fo myself. The game is incredibly fun if you have two or more other friend to play with.
,Recommended,293780,17433520,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Jojopeterjohn,Pureawesome!Such a cool idea for a game.verywell done. The up grades are awesome. The gameplay is balanced (meaning there's never one dude who wins every. single. time) This is so much fun!
,Recommended,293780,17434774,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,SWIGGITY SWAGGITY MAGGITY SWEVEN,it would be fun... if i had any friends to play wiht :|
,Recommended,293780,17440911,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,lordmortis,"Oh my lord. While I have yet to play this with 3 other actual humans, I anticipate a good time.Heart pumping, addictive multiplayer action. Grab it now and hope your humanity isn't stolen."
,Recommended,293780,17481685,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,VolatileDream,"I thoroughly enjoy Crawl. The graphics and simple controls give a really nice asthetic feel to the game, like something you'd play on an old console. Despite it's apparent simplicity, Crawl is anything but.The game handles the fast paced action of The Hero (you) being attacked by all of the Spirits (your friends) incredibly well. The team work potential of Spirits to destroy The Hero, using the huge number of combinations of items, monsters, and traps that exist gives the game a lot of replay value.A few parts beautiful graphics, several parts chaotic action, one part slow motion, Crawl is a great game that will (probably) cement your bonds of friendship with friends.Clever trash talk not included."
,Recommended,293780,16100916,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Neigh-Thoven,I just got this game and it gives a very dungeon crawling and addictive experience. Its recently updated and you can fight against AI or your friends. The most addicting part is that you unlock something new just by finishing a game. I would recommend this to anyone who likes huge amounts of content to unlock.
76561198067692156,Recommended,293780,16740399,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,yac,"I never miss a chance to play this with friends, it's a game like no other.On first session, I lost so hard the game deleted my character.10/10 would fail horribly again"
76561198079536819,Recommended,293780,16816971,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Glitchcr4ft,Best local co-op on steam hands down.
,Recommended,293780,16832707,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nirand,One thing you need is an online multiplayer and it will be fantastic
,Recommended,293780,16894913,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Slartibartfast,"Hands downs one of the best local multiplayer games ever made. Played this since early early-access and is still tons of fun. This is the kind of multiplayer game that will make you and your friends scream and stomp the ground, the good kind of screaming and stomping.- Great and simple mechanichs- Fantastic music- Great graphics- Awesome gameplayCons.- You need friends, and some kind of controller setup."
76561198044973291,Recommended,293780,17439051,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Lobster_Sauce,Really great game with an arcadey feeling along with it this game has unlockables great local multiplayer and amazing replayability definitely reccomend.
76561198092978139,Recommended,293780,17462915,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SexySassySkeletons,"this game is everything great about classic multiplayer arcade games with such a creative twist it's unbearable. i've always wondered why multiplayer games never allowed you to play as both the enemies, bosses and heroes but this game nailed it. the combat is extremely well balanced, the unlockables are numerous, replay value immense, the character and personality are just dripping with a wonderful occult demonic flair and it's still just in ALPHA FOR ELDER GOD'S SAKE. my wallet cannot possibly take it but i will fund this game to eternity in the hopes of seeing updates as often as possible. please buy this game, i'm all but begging you at this point"
76561198099202834,Recommended,293780,17546682,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ThisWhiteMan,"I personally love this game and all the content that the developers are putting out.My only warning is that its kinda hard to get three other people to enjoy this game with you.However when you can get them into it, they always have a blast."
76561198067599089,Recommended,293780,17678677,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,zegmoosafax,I love this game. My son and I play this game a lot together. I hope they come out with an online multiplayer soon but if they don't it is still a great game.
,Recommended,293780,15769046,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,uh.oh.reilly,"I had been waiting 24 years for this game, I just didn't know it until I bought it."
,Recommended,293780,16182619,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Blogger=/=Journalist,"Ever asked the question, will anyone cry if I die today? Ask no more! Play with one to three other friends and discover that when you die, it means that your friends killed you to become human!"
76561198050818189,Recommended,293780,15445094,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Meme-Nomad Codex,Team up with your friends until the human player starts bleeding and destroy the whole harmony10/10 lost 3 good friends
76561198024997189,Recommended,293780,15990470,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MosBueno,"Insanely fun game and creative concept, but crashes sporadically on Mac. Please fix!!!"
,Recommended,293780,15722115,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Desuq,Interesting concept that I've wanted to see come to life where players can control the environment / hero and battle each other to win. Needs more work but it is a fun game overall locally.
,Recommended,293780,15671307,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Tour GUIDE,"Dungeon hack and slash where your friends try to murder you. Then you murder them. It's a vicious, wonderful cycle.It's got a play-with-bots mode, which is nice, but couch multiplayer is where it's at."
76561198058359560,Recommended,293780,15257152,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,JohnnyLaw,This is a good concept as well as a fun game. I thoroughly enjoy it with or without playing with friends and is really well made. I just wish there were more different bosses; hopefully more will be added in the future considering it is an Early Access Game.
76561198155028860,Recommended,293780,15549825,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Manatee Malteser,"For solo (yet to play with friends)Ceawl is a crazy fun dungeon crawling hack and slash RPG where you either play with bots or friends, and man is it awesome! Graphical style is cool, infinite replayability, easy to jump into for a quick game, and so many more awesome things about it! The fact that the developers will still be adding more bosses, weapons, and what not, is all the more reason to buy it!"
,Recommended,293780,15619099,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Polarosity,Made real friends.Sync'd controllers.Trash Talk Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,293780,15736443,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PirateGuy,"it's like having a haunted, kickass 4player arcade machine on your computerbeware of the pepto bismol monster"
,Recommended,293780,15748016,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵,One of the best local coop games I have played so far.Worth it if you have 1-3 friends with controllers!
76561198152213373,Recommended,293780,15807066,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mata Mata Bon,When you just want to dungeon craw alone or when you want to play with friends this game is incredible
76561198165392468,Recommended,293780,15906037,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Lt. Bearshark,this is one of the games that i like all his monsters and new ones coming in updates
76561198064477227,Recommended,293780,15792912,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Plasmids,"Great game! Highly addictive, very charismatic form of animation and combat, and a brilliant idea."
76561198117014528,Recommended,293780,15393734,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pr0xy,So i have only played through once. couple of ai's but hot damn. i beat the boss and i have to saythis game is so worth it.honestly i leave maybe one or two reviews a year. and only on games that are amazingif there is one game to support.its this
,Recommended,293780,15750592,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Green Wizard Needs Food Badly,"4 player MAYHEM. If you have 4 controllers, 3 friends, and a love for medieval fantasy and fast-paced vs gameplay, it's almost better than Super Smash Brothers."
76561198018513798,Recommended,293780,15750668,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rompcat,"Crawl uplifts itself from the slew of other rolicking co-op games.  The balance is so well done; catch-up done right, leveling of opponents and heros in just the right interplay.The creators were really clever here, and you can reap the benefit.  It's one click more satisfying and deep than, say, Towerfall, which seems a bit empty to me.This game keeps it tense and engrossing from the very first second to the last second.  Bravo.  Wish I could buy it twice to support you twice!"
,Recommended,293780,15771720,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AlphA,Never fails to entertain
,Recommended,293780,15013312,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Nevrm0re,"Awesome game with a pretty unique concept. It's a blast to play with friends and very easy to pick up and play, yet has a ton of replay value. Bought it on a whim because three friends and I were bored and we were hooked instantly and played nonstop for the next 4 hours. Seems super polished, even in early access and the devs obviously put a lot of love into it. The only downside I could see would be that it probably isn't something you would want to play alone, though it IS possible by turning on bots. The game was made for local multiplayer and it does an amazing job of fitting the role."
,Recommended,293780,15369103,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BruReale,"Most fun game i've played in a while: is quite addicting when you are alone, and with friends is just a black hole of hours and hours. Is fun for everyone, and i really like is local multiplayer; i bought it once, and four of us are playing :')"
76561198088675296,Recommended,293780,17416432,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,PhantomFathom,"I figure out what sets this style of pixels apart from others- there aren't any black outlines. Other then that, truly amazing party game. If I could suggest something, I'd say armor. Like three different types you could buy in the shop, light, medium, and heavy."
76561198028432019,Recommended,293780,17425989,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,beauIXI,Hooolee this game is good. You (and perhaps three friends) won't regret it.
,Recommended,293780,17545195,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,Moar Friends = Moar Fun
76561198012068529,Recommended,293780,17609358,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sanguine Fox,HOLY CRAP BEST $8 I'VE SPENT ON STEAM. AND I'M REALLY STINGY ABOUT THROWING MONEY AT STEAM NOWADAYS.
,Recommended,293780,17841155,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Petrey Turkeybable,"The perfect game to play with friends! A unique take on normal multiplayer dungeon crawlers because 1 player fights as the hero to kill monsters and the boss while the others are ghosts who take control of mosters and bosses to beat the hero whoever kills the hero becomes the hero and the ex hero becomes a ghost. The first person to beat the boss wins, but all players have a combined 3 chances to win against the boss. If the boss wins on the 3rd try the players controlling the boss win and the hero loses. Super addictive and fun. But only has 4 player local multiplayer and no online multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,17455700,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Memory_is_RAM_666,one of the best games i ever played but i have some requests1.add multiplayer online. base it of castle crashers system(its really good) or at least local multiplayer in different computers.2.i would like to have the option to use WASD for moving.3.i have never encouned this but i am pretty sure that gaben (the playable version) dose not have a minigun. add please.4.add badges trading cards and all the jazz.but otherwise its a 10/10 for me.
,Recommended,293780,17458626,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,hadonis,I want this on my Nintendo 3DS so badly! BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME EVER! CAN'T STOP PLAYING!
76561198111938332,Recommended,293780,17423271,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,yeet infection,"Awesome game!, love the art style, gameplay is super smooth, replayability and ruined all of my friendships 11/10"
,Recommended,293780,17463380,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,AceVelocity,gud m9
,Recommended,293780,17511371,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Andisocial,"This is an awesome game! The way the game play works is awesome but there are some things that i would like to see at the finished product:Online MultiplayerChange Gameplay Rules (Levels, Exp, and/or Starting Warth)Larger DungeonsThose are some of what I came up with so far but otherwise this is a great game for those with friends..."
76561198080326834,Recommended,293780,17558209,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Crosarc,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,293780,16710337,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SnapBack BaNaNa,great game must buy. fun easy to learn simple controls.there maybe online multiplayer if have would be great.bought at S$10.50 to support.
,Recommended,293780,17625510,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Trevidation,"First of all. holy mother of all that is awesome and badass. This game is a million times worth the price. its so extremely fun its insane. the bosses and pixels are epic as hell. and if you are the monsters, you control the boss. omg. this is one of my favorite games on steam. i cant wait to see what they come out with next with this game. I havent played with friends yet, but with the ai, it is still really really fun. as you gain more and more levels, the boss changes to get harder and match your strength, also when you level, your opponents get wrath and can upgrade their monsters to match the hero as well. it really is a brilliant system, which shows that no one person can just dominate the game. everyone gets a chance. i really love that aspect about the game and it really makes you get into it. i imagine with friends we would be cussing up a storm at eachother, which in game terms, means the game is amazing. hahahahahah XD get the game. seriously. you won't regret it. besides, they plan on upping the price once it isnt early access. may as well save a little money and get it now. highly reccomended."
,Recommended,293780,31326267,Posted: 23 April,all,Amniplex,"Have you ever felt to play an arcade style action packed dungeon ""crawl""er? Look no further! The game Crawl is fast paced, action packed, and ultimately a great way to test your friendship. Surely this retro four player game is what feels good for a competitive afternoon of doing nothing and contemplating how to escape the bowels of hell or just being bitter to the point that knowing you won't win... NO ONE WILL WIN. Though it doesn't have online multiplayer the local multiplayer is delightful. I apoligize if I implied you might actually have fun with friends (internet friends don't count by the way). Most of the time no one wins to escape this heliish 8-bit nightmare, but when you do win the ambrosia of victory is quite delectable."
76561198372747910,Recommended,293780,31309348,Posted: 22 April,all,SmashTom,"This might just be the best dungeon-crawler game I have ever played.Four major reasons for this:1) The unique gimmick of going back and forth between hero and monster.2) Amazing visual style (It reminds me of Atari games, but with a lot more 'flourish')3) Replayablity4) Tons and tons of unlockablesIf you are a fan of dungeon-crawler games with some unique twists and fair challenges, this is the game you should definitely check out.And if you have one or two friends who also like such a game, you guys will have hours upon hours of local co-op fun. There's nothing more amazing than trying to destroy your friends as all the monsters and traps the dungeons have to offer..."
76561198176221787,Recommended,293780,23011664,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,tcab2003,this is a great game its has and arached fell to it it really nice and really fun the game is really repeated but its fun went you have firend to play woth the game need online muiltupyer but other than that i really injay the game(sorry for  spelling and grammer mistacks)
,Recommended,293780,23031690,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,HoodedRobin,"Wonderful. The game is very fun to play, especially with friends. Well balanced and entertaining. The only thing I could ask for is more content, but I would assume that problem will be taken care of by the time this game gets out of early access. A wonderful concept for a game, and a good job done carrying it through. A+10/10 would get kills stolen again by the same FREAKING friend.I'm looking at you william. I'm looking at you."
,Recommended,293780,35209739,Posted: 25 September,all,Rani - MoltenExcrement,"Just the game i was looking for, mp, sick pixel graphics, dungeon, fun. very recommended."
76561198101565700,Recommended,293780,35211161,Posted: 25 September,all,bear,"this game is so fun, i just want it to have a internet multiplayer and not just a lan one. I swear the day they do that i will make everyone i know buy this"
76561198170408905,Recommended,293780,35210704,Posted: 25 September,all,Fentim4n,this game is amazing
76561198264731005,Recommended,293780,35228044,Posted: 26 September,all,Crunk-o-Matic,"In my honest opinion its a blissful cacophony of 8bit horror music with the feel of an h.p. lovecraft narated arcade smash and thrash em'up madness!Truly a solid golden Classic title.only thing i wish it has was online play.Although, in defence of this wonderful game, they were going for a retro feel.and they nailed it."
,Recommended,293780,35221643,Posted: 26 September,all,CyanBlob,"This game is crazy fun. Online multiplayer would be great, but having an excuse to invite people over to play might be a good thing. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,293780,35349387,Posted: 30 September,all,Bepititis B,"This game is amazing, SO amazing that it has put me on the adventurous task of finding friends to play with..."
76561198357074656,Recommended,293780,35381537,Posted: 1 October,all,santiagoborthwick,"This game is a blast. Fun in singleplayer, but it really shines when on couch multiplayer. Pester your friends, fight frantically to be the hero to buy the best gear every level and escape the maze.I play it regularly with my wife and a cpu player to add some chaos. But get three friends together and its hours of unending  rants, screams, and laughter.Definitely worth its whole price tag, a gem if you buy it discounted.The fact that you uncover new gods, artifacts, final bosses in different plays adds to its longevity and replayability.The pixel art is gorgeous. The voice that narrates the whole thing is great. It reminded me of tales fron the crypt, if tales from the crypt was good.Its a refreshing title, creating a really well balanced asymetrical multiplayer."
76561198065065536,Recommended,293780,35395808,Posted: 1 October,all,Shuck,"Barrels of fun. Fun on a bun. Bun bun fun fun barrel with friends.Practice with the bots, and then invite your friends over to crush them until they catch up.Or spend time analyzing the game to take down your friends strategically:At the beginning of the game, the human character is far more powerful than the monsters. The monsters have to run, hide, and perform various shenanigans. Without good strategy, the monsters get killed and the human character can get super far ahead at the beginning. But as a direct response to the human character getting ahead, the monsters become stronger. The balance shifts to the reverse; the monsters are now the powerful ones, and the human character now has to be more creative, and inevitably, they will succumb to the gradual loss of health that is the life of a rogue-liker. Now, a less powerful human player takes the wheel, and they will most likely get killed by the most powerful monster (the weakest human player), gradually balancing the game while leaning towards the more skilled players.There are two things that are wrong with this. One is that there is exactly one strategy that works at a certain given time; you either run and hide, or charge relentlessly, and it has an obvious curve; the less powerful you are, the more sneaky you should be. No other strategy will lead you to success.Another is that it isn't always the most powerful monster that kills the player; sometimes, like in other games, there are people who sneak in for the last hit without doing much of the damage at all. This means that the one that camps far away and sneaks in a blow when the player is at low health is the one that gets the reward.Therefore, in order to kill the human and become the human (which gives you the lead), you have to stay behind the lines of other monsters until the human is at low health, at which point you act according to your level of power; if you're powerful, charge right at them to get the last hit in, and if you're a lower level monster, shoot at them with everything you have while staying out of the line of fire.The meta can be advanced from here, but this is all you need to invite your friends over and crush them until they catch up.More meta - The killing blow is the killing blow, no matter how small. This means that quantity over quality is what you want for your monsters. Anything with damage-over-time effects will be more likely to get you human status.It's also not a good idea to kill the human early on - there are still lots of other monsters; you'll be cannon fodder. Wait for someone else to take the bait and then reap.Now invite your friends over, so that you can crush them. Then you should make a lot of tables and graphs, and then invite your friends over, so that you can crush them.Point and laugh at your family as they struggle helplessly to kill your ever-stronger player character. Erupt in anger when your own friends kill you in an epic boss fight. On a bun. Fun on a bun in a bindle barrel bun with friends on a bun with the fun of a barrel of bindle bun fun with friends.Buy this game."
,Recommended,293780,35402598,Posted: 1 October,all,Poeticmysteryman,"This game is delightful and remains my favorite game on Steam. It's also my favorite party game. I haven't uninstalled it since I bought the game, and it has been months. The gameplay kicks butt and is incredibly fun, the monsters and traps are delightful, and you can clock hours of play on it.  One thing I really appretiated was the very balanced system. The most levels that your opponents get as a human, the stronger your monsters get, as you collect spendable Wrath points from each of their levels. This ensures that, if one player is especially dominating as the human, the weakest player is allowed to catch up by giving them the strongest monster advantage, without weakening the other players.  The most recent add-on of scrolls has also been incredibly good, allowing you to steal items from other players. Items like these ensure that even the strongest players are not 100% safe and means that there is always a chance at redemption. This is a great game!P.S. Most people complain about there being no online capability. Personally, I prefer gaming on the couch, with friends. This game is also compatible with USB replica SNES and NES controllers, which are great for that classic experience."
76561198147681586,Recommended,293780,31672372,Posted: 10 May,all,jakesutter1,"This game is absolutely fantastic. If you are looking for a couch multiplayer game that has the potential to ruin friendships just as Mario Party did, this is for you.This title does not offer online multiplayer, which is a bit of an annoyance but the gameplay more than makes up for it. BUY THIS GAME.- I also want to make a note, I believe the addition of Mod support would improve the life of this game substantially. Player created content is always some of my favorite and in a game like this I believe it would go hand-in-hand."
76561198058602281,Recommended,293780,14602819,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Controversy,Very entertaining game.  I am hoping even more content is added.  9/10 so far. It scratches the dungeon crawler itch.  I was surprised how much I enjoyed trying to kill the human when it was my turn to play monster!
,Recommended,293780,35504222,Posted: 5 October,all,cezalandırıcı,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long time.Even though it is intended as a local multiplayer game it is immensely fun as single player as well.First off the game has vast amounts of content, and by that I mean new monsters, weapons and every other bit that makes up a roguelike kind of genre as you go deeper into the game.The mechanics of the game are crazy simple. Just two buttons on top of directionals. Even then it feels like you are doing all kinds of crazy stuff because different kinds of weapons have different attack patterns and effects.The only and tiny tiny downside of this game that I can see is that it only features local co-op. I have to admit though it is more neat this way.Overall I give this game a 9/10 and I'm only 2-3 hours into it. I can't imagine the fun you can have playing this game with 3 other friends, or even 1...You know what? On top of everything they managed to sneak in a Lovecraftian undertone to this game and I love it. Make that a 10/10."
76561198017488538,Recommended,293780,32768198,Posted: 25 June,all,Xales,I was a bit disapointed. Didn't read properly but there is no online multiplayer.... for 14€....The game seems really fun otherwise !
76561198067964559,Recommended,293780,33169267,Posted: 2 July,all,closet,"lmao prepare to hate everyone who plays this game with or against you- this is the most demeaning, demoralizing yet greatest piece of s--t game ive ever bought for the odd couch coop.seriously though, this game is a literal masterpiece perfectly suitable for playing locally with mates. it recieves active attention from the devs, its art style is fantastic, the game mechanics are well thought out, and even though its being updated somewhat often it still remains completely polished. id list all of this games perfections but ive already spent too much energy screaming, cursing, crying, writhing in mental agony, screwing over friends, pounding the floor in madness and shouting at everyone else around me playing this game.im still waiting for the day i host local couch games and we dont play thishonestly a 10/10 from me, you guys in powerhoof have done an excellent job"
76561198000694216,Recommended,293780,33179812,Posted: 3 July,all,Tcka!,Cool concept but why no online multiplayer?
,Recommended,293780,22855931,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,OpCode90,"It's amazing. Fighting with bots was very much entertaining, and the game is as good as the trailer sells it. However, I'm a bit bewildered how a game built on multiplayer only has local multiplayer - even for Early Access."
,Recommended,293780,23427489,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spoopy waldoo,gIVE ME ONLINE MULTIPLAYER PLS
76561198039901373,Recommended,293780,29626373,Posted: 1 February,all,0ne_tw0,"What a great experience!Really fun and kinda of adticve. Kinda because I don´t recomend play hard on it, it is more of a Party Play, gather some friends, open some beers, take turns (if more than 4 friends) and have a lot of fun.The main ideia is that a main character fights rooms in dungeons to lvl up to 10, buy itens, and prepare for the boss battle. The other guys tries to kill that main character, either by controlling the enviroment or buy summing slimes and monsters that can be upgrated. They can even control the boss to kill the main one. Whoever kill the main character is revived and this process goes on and on until some you kills the boss, and wins the match.Every match has a different dungeon, and new challenges.Pros:* Really fun* Party play game* Unique Gameplay* Unloackables that extends gameplay* Awesome skills* Awesome Monsters to upgrade and kill the main characterCons:* I dont recomend playing for a looong time with the same guys, because it can get a lit bit repetive and annoying, mostly for the ghosts.* One must love pixels"
46543216798654321,Recommended,293780,13062411,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KingYakobo,Great game.Got crushed by rocks from breastacles and survived only to be eaten by jellies.11/10 would breastacle jelly again.
76561197986314598,Recommended,293780,11611006,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,mooz,"Great game for the dungeon crawling at heart ... I've easily burned through several hours without realizing it, if you're thinking of giving it a try you probably should. Runs great in Linux using the xpad and joydev kernel modules, does NOT work with xboxdrv userspace driver, however I've notified the developers of this and feel they are highly involved in fixing bugs and making the game better. Happy slicing."
,Recommended,293780,24052479,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hob Took,Played as Kevin. Destroyed. 10/10
,Recommended,293780,31086961,Posted: 11 April,all,Portalfreek,This is probably the best local multiplayer game you can get on steam
,Recommended,293780,31124131,Posted: 13 April,all,[B10N1C]BionicWarrior12,"CRAWLING IN MY CRAWL, THESE CRAWLS THEY WILL NOT CRAWL.-----------------------------------------------------------------10/10.  Would kill my friends, buy all of the good shop items then proceed to the next floor; rinse and repeat.In all honesty this is one of theBESTpurchases I have made to date!"
,Recommended,293780,24475365,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Archiviste,"This is by far one of the best games I have ever played, ever. I don't even know how to describe it, the only thing I have to say is that I'd wish there were more game modes and a way to play online with friends and/or random people."
76561198067561251,Recommended,293780,24469824,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,lich_boss,I love this game its very fun to play in a party. I wish it had online multiplayer but thats my only problem with it. its a great game would recomend for everyone.
76561198087141622,Recommended,293780,15220654,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,B1ackS1n,REALLY FUN ! .....just no online coop.
,Recommended,293780,15415427,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,[TRC] Raven,"Crawl is- and always will be, in my opinion, one of the best games of all time. So many hidden references and jokes, but yet incripted, et cetera as to stay in the same atmosphere, its mechanics, and gampeplay, and just about everything I can think of about this game is perfect. I mean, to think it is only £7, to think that it is only early access, well, in the future I cant even think on how they can improve the perfect, but Im sure Those 2 creative people down there will find a way, for whatever choice they make, even if they poke fun at a real religion, would be done in such a way nobody would care! The concept of the game is, when you start, everything is glitchy. >:D. Ok, so, it causes a good unsettlement at the start, thats ok. then you start playing with a friend. And then you realise the TRUE PERFECTION THE GAME IS!!!! I mean, I have a friend who owns it, and I am sharing it using the steam library, but I AM SO BUYING THIS GAME ANYWAY! You start as one of you a human, entering a place, and walking around, when there are pentagrams. Your friend, a ghost, goes up to them AND BECOMES A MONSTER AND YOU FIGHT AND THE MONTER KILLS YOU, AND THEN THE MONSTER BECOMES A HUMAN AND YOUR THE GHOST!!! THEN YOU LEVEL UP AND KEEP ON DOING THE SAME THING, AS DIFFERENT MONSTERS, AND THEN YOU GO TO THE NEXT FLOOR AND EVOLVE THEM UNTIL YOU BEAT A BOSS AND WIN! Unfathomably great, atmospheric and suiting music, insrutably satifsying and fun gampeplay, concept, et cetera. All in all, I rate this game: 11/8. Must buy. as soon as I get the money I am going to get another game for my own. Not because I cant play it, but so the develepors get the money they deserve.P.S. when you call yourself something, name yourself HL3. that, on its own, is worth the £7."
76561198038079622,Recommended,293780,17178026,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,_Never_CENT_,"Really fun game. the only downsides are the fact it only has local mplayer in combination with it being a steam game, which i find a bit strange for a number of different reasons. It would be far more convenient if it got released on the Wii U-eshop since a lot of people do not keep their desktop within range of the tv.So, its fun to play when its possible, even if its only realistically speaking 5 times a year. Tops."
76561198102310889,Recommended,293780,17201130,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LostWarrior,"When I first looked at the trailer for this from being recommended because of other rogue-like games that I've played, so I got it, then after the first round, I couldn't stop myself at times, had so much fun.None of my friends have it, which is a bummer, and also that there isn't online multiplayer, but still, the CPU's can give you a very hard time.Well worth getting in my opinion."
76561198068648180,Recommended,293780,17965334,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Master of Suicide™,"Realy amazing game to play with your friend in local coop.More bosses would be nice, but as it is i realy recommend it.grab some friends and enjoy the game."
76561198025378622,Recommended,293780,17429650,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,CavemanDev,"Do you have friends? Do you have friends you would like to kill, then take their humanity as your own? Play Crawl.Great local multiplayer game. I just wish someone would play with me."
76561198170505050,Recommended,293780,17348469,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Finn202,lovely game to play with your family
76561198183697918,Recommended,293780,16987582,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,WasabiShrimp,Excellent Game !Wonderful experience but a bit intense for me.One hour with one human and two bots can be exhausting.
,Recommended,293780,17582662,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,[Slæmt]Gejpro,8/8 m8
,Recommended,293780,34852767,Posted: 9 September,all,DANK MANGO,"One Of The Best Games I've Played These Past 2 Years From Being On Steam, Love The Art Style! <3If You Have Not Already Bought The Game You Should It's Worth The Money!"
76561197966782189,Recommended,293780,35089124,Posted: 20 September,all,Leroy,Good - needs 3-4 players
76561198098056671,Recommended,293780,34893173,Posted: 11 September,all,RooplesPooples22,one of the most amazing and interesting local multiplayer games I've ever played. It's fantastic
76561198052042177,Recommended,293780,17430065,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[          ],Good Stuff Right here.
,Recommended,293780,31092774,Posted: 12 April,all,Konnect O Dots,Well developed game for single play or couch multiplay
,Recommended,293780,15294862,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Forgo10hero,One of the best asymmetrical games I've ever played. Down with Kuorok!
,Recommended,293780,28871018,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Levin,Mario Party in dungeon crawler form. Except I don't mean that in a bad way.
76561198062678986,Recommended,293780,30464503,Posted: 11 March,all,ItchyThumb,Jesus chirst when the hack are you going to release the OST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,293780,17068994,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MrCombatGiraffe,fun game. wish it had online multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,28616860,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,honidian,Fun party game.
76561198073634887,Recommended,293780,23366331,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Capt.Puppy,fun game
76561197970587765,Recommended,293780,11577442,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,OstPickle,"Great game, really polished.  Everything from the animations, to the special fx and sound is just killer.The best part of the game is it brings back the co-op play back into gaming.    Even more impressive is if you don't have any friends, you can enable bots who are very skilled at the game.  Their behavior is pretty impressive.It does take a little bit to get used to the controls and the timing/aiming of attacks.The weapon/enemy power ups already seem pretty robust for an EAG.  I can't wait to see what other cool stuff they add.My first play through with 2 players and no bots took 40 minutes, we were both able to upgrade out creatures to max level and got some pretty sweet weapons.  So there isnt too much content to the game, but the replay value is off the charts.Worked great with my wired xbox 360 controller."
,Recommended,293780,11576962,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Cursethedawn,Just played through my first game with bots.  So fast paced and cool. Really never played anything like it.  So much fun once you figure out what's happening.  Now I'm off to play real humans...UPDATE: The only thing I didn't realize is that it's multiplayer from one PC.  Meaning I don't see any network or online support for playing others.  You all have to be playing on one system.  I certainly don't have a way for 4 people to play from my PC.  I don't know if network support is planned for the future since this is an early access game but I'm sure if they do the sales will skyrocket.Super fun game.
76561198124645210,Recommended,293780,12504487,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Chad,Great game!
76561198233808376,Recommended,293780,20366077,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Frickin Frick,"This game is extrmely fun, and there are a lot of unlocks to keep you playing. There are also a lot of deities to worship, which allows each playthrough to be different. It is immensly fun to play the local multiplayer, but even playing by yourself with the computer is a ton of fun. The art style is greatly executed and there so many different weapons, special abilities, and more you can buy from the shop which makes no run the same. The monsters also have different evolutions which can vary gameplay. This game is amazing and it has tons of content already, even though it is in early access."
76561198022558551,Recommended,293780,32925476,Posted: 28 June,all,Gañan,Great fun for couch coop!
,Recommended,293780,17268857,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Crimson Chin,One of the greatest party games I've ever played with friends!The developers permanently release important updates and bugfixes.The only thing that bothers me is that my friends don't want to play with me anymore because I overkilled them ;-;
76561198064374634,Recommended,293780,28658193,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Yewds,"This game is awesome. One of the best party dungeon crawlers i've ever played.Crawl has so much content in terms of what to unlock such as monsters, weapons and items. Even though it is a early access game it is able to be played completely. The devs are constantly adding new things and making it better as well."
76561198109873421,Recommended,293780,25715306,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Arti,"This Game is just sooooo cool, nice job guys !"
,Recommended,293780,31722352,Posted: 13 May,all,"Magic ways, my friends!","-Edit, I threw off my review to inform you of something.For once, Don't pay attention to the negative reviews, you're one click away from seeing all the kids vote a great game with a thumbs down because it has no online multiplayer option, even though it clearly says ""Local Co-op"".Perhaps the developers (And hopefully) will add online to it later. but for now im fully enjoying myself on the single player with AI.If you like unlockables, oldschool board games, oldschool RPG's, hack and slash and a little bit of a surprise / fight amongst friends? This is your game!"
76561198053801046,Recommended,293780,31106759,Posted: 12 April,all,TheKillerNacho,"I love Crawl. My friends love Crawl. I'm sad about no Online Multiplayer, since most of my friends are now considerable distance from where I live, but w hen we get together we usually dust off Crawl.Very reccomended. But only if you have friends locally. Otherwise, avoid."
76561198087169624,Recommended,293780,31267716,Posted: 20 April,all,Dea Sea,"You can kill dragons and giants, then die to a barrel. 10/10srsly tho its a gud game"
,Recommended,293780,12563536,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Xardion,This game is amazingly fun.  Brings old-school couch multiplayer to the 21st century with a really excellent competitive mechanic.
,Recommended,293780,12521749,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BattleCat,"Insane fun with 3 mates. Massive trolling to be had.Cool visual, sounds and overall retro presntation.Intense, challenging gameplay.Awesome (Australian) developers who care about their game and that shows.Don't let the lack of online multiplayer trick you into not getting this game. You'll be missing out on alotof fun and a barrel of laughs."
76561198117303752,Recommended,293780,11587654,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Namsilat1,Been waiting for this game to come out and bought it as soon as I got back from school. I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198095288972,Recommended,293780,31168905,Posted: 15 April,all,kenzo936,"briefly played through  the game and i loved the design the narration and the thought put into the game. Highly recommend this game. i did run into some bugs where the game was kinda bricked like there were no monsters in the room and i couldnt leave, but besides that awesome game design"
,Recommended,293780,27481910,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,「DOOD」Samurai Tentacle Porn ®,Great game for local multiplayer
76561198002558761,Recommended,293780,14090778,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,conspiracycrow,"I have been excitedly following the evolution of this title for some time now, and at the current rate of progression I am anxious to see this blossom into a super ultra mega ultimate party game.It is totally fun and playable now, but with the introduction of the second boss monster and regular updates with new creatures to fight the hero with, this game will be AWESOME!This game takes a very popular genre, dungeon crawl rpg, and spins it into a unique multiplayer experience by allowing the players not controlling the hero to manipulate the encounters in every room of the dungeon. If you land the killing blow on the hero in the process you then become the hero and now are trying to race to level 10 so you can kill the boss and win the game.7/10 Dungeon Crawl Party Game"
76561198073562039,Recommended,293780,14234401,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,shovel,"If this game were a sandwich, it would be a nice sandwich."
76561197984915496,Recommended,293780,30245731,Posted: 28 February,all,Blue Morpho,"This is a fun little couch game. I know it's early build so I have no harsh judgements. I haven't experienced anything buggy, got two of what I think are easter eggs (they were neat). So other than gods and minions what do I want? Well obviously more BOSSES! :D"
,Recommended,293780,21347070,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TheOhsoDeadlySars,"Rating: 7.5/10What I like:-The game is awesome, it provides hours of fun if your alone and whenever I have friends over we play and we dont stop.-I think that the graphics are very fun and I espically like the art on the all of the monsters.-Being both sides are fun and enjoying to play, and I love how its easy to make a come back-I adore the boss the fights and all the little things you have to micro manage, and the fact that you have to work with the other ghosts to bring down the heros is honestly one of the most fun thingsWhat I didn't like:-I think it would be awesome if this game supported online play, but I understand if the developer wasnt going for that.Everything in this game felt smooth and awesome, and if I ever get behind and am the monster for too long I always can get ahead by getting better monsters and then becoming the hero. The cooprative play feels good and thought out, it may be simple but it feels great. I play this game whenever I am feelin really bored and want a challenge or whenever my friends are over. I fully recommend this game."
,Recommended,293780,24743859,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,k1NG KUNTA,Flawless local multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,24963587,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,PkStarStorm,10/10
76561197967118263,Recommended,293780,11650946,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jpradella,Awesome but lack of online MP ruins it.
,Recommended,293780,23110874,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,时三灬Three,不错的一款游戏呢，特别还是他的新奇地下城风格。轮流的英雄，轮流的怪物，杀死英雄变成英雄，被杀死变成怪物，怪物不断阻止英雄，英雄不断杀死怪物，最后打败大BOOS的英雄胜利！怪物可以进化成更强大的怪物，英雄可以购买更强大的道具。更让喜爱剧情的我是，那次更新在每局开始增加了个小剧情，很兴奋呢，所以呢，挺推荐呢。
,Recommended,293780,24217608,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,Competitive local dungeon crawler where one player is the hero and other players try to kill him and become him by summoning and controlling monsters and traps.Good for parties before they devolve into dunkey-videos watching parties.Dunkey watching parties are the best
76561197992063877,Recommended,293780,12543778,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,JNS,"♥♥♥♥in' great!If only I had 2 more controllers, this could be as enjoyable as Mario Kart! (in a way that make you wanna kill your friends):D"
76561198171697183,Recommended,293780,33610171,Posted: 17 July,all,(G.E.W.P) Sir Jeffers,"Crawl, it may not look so good to some but all you have to do to appreciate this game is to play it and see for your self. This is a review I put together because I love this game and altho it may not be the best review and may not have the content that you're looking for but it has a few minor things that I thought had to be mentioned. This game is a perfect game to play with some friends. The graphics were easy to run on slower computers and the 8-bit style looked beautiful, I personally love this game as it is one of the best computer multiplayer games I have ever played in a while. This may not be the best-written review but it certainly is one of the best that I have to offer."
76561197961067039,Recommended,293780,19977572,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,remy,Words can't describe how awesome this game is .. just play it ;)
,Recommended,293780,20205059,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zeethemoney,"This game is pretty good, but if you play it to long your brain will hurt. There should be more bears. Like a bear god were you can play as a bear, and bear minions, and even maybe bear monsters. It would be bearmania. They should just make a new game called Bearmacrawl. Anyways 9/10 for not enough russian bear."
,Recommended,293780,33774925,Posted: 24 July,all,Thread,"Very good fun. The pace is fast, the gameplay simple and accessible whilst still being engaging and fun.My one complaint is that for counch co-op games I don't like to have unlockables."
,Recommended,293780,19204417,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Jose María de Carglass,"I fought Gabe Newell. He killed me.Awesome game to play with friends! The controls feel awesome, and the idea is pretty nice!You should play with a gamepad though.9/10 - Would kill my friend as Gabe again"
76561198198851717,Recommended,293780,32685590,Posted: 23 June,all,NoveSarin,"love it for a 15$ game, you guys should add some in game buys and host servers to play global multi layer. that would probably make it the best game on steam"
76561198007275331,Recommended,293780,31087071,Posted: 11 April,all,JDZ5,"If you play local coop games, add this to your list. A definite buy for ""couch-humans""."
76561198037461860,Recommended,293780,13753985,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fidget,"My imaginary friend rather likes this game, thumbs up"
13131313131313135,Recommended,293780,22493003,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,CAPTAIN BEN,"Torrented this game so I've played like 5 hours at leastNow I bought itDevs are absolutely incredible, you've never experienced anything like this game and it's pretty much a guranteed party pleaser while also boasting a deep meta-game that keeps you interested for a long time.Buy it show it to your friends and make them buy it"
76561198046661876,Recommended,293780,11580095,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nautnaut,Fantastic game with fantastic graphics! Keep up the good work Powerhoof!
76561198020934519,Recommended,293780,17408804,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,leqesai,Early access?Psh. This game is totally worth a buy even on early access.The only downside is no online play. Seriously. That's the only negative thing I can say about it.Great graphics styleAWESOME gameplayFantastic musicCrawl is unlike any other roguelike. It is a must buy.
,Recommended,293780,17418033,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,LosAngeles,"Crawl is the most fun Ive had playing a game with friends in a long time, this fresh take on a dungeon crawler makes every run through a blast. The sights and sounds of this game make me giggle with joy as I hack and slash my way through my friends with the nestalgic art style that I cant get enough of.Simply in love with this game.P.S the game trailer is bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198115233762,Recommended,293780,17633629,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SirNarwhal,good game
,Recommended,293780,17809358,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Squeekmeister,Very good game. Very addictive and well BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,293780,17410896,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Othaia,"An absolute treat to play with friends, and watch them ruin long lasting and cherished relationships with each other as they try to gut, cut, and rip your heart out! It is really one of the best co-op/pvp games to play in the living room that I've experienced in a long time. If this ever hits consoles like PS4 or Xbone, I'd buy it again just to have it on there too!!"
76561198050081763,Recommended,293780,17411637,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Noutchy,"Amazing and very fun game recomend to anyone, love to see this game go further in its development, both the graphics and the old arcade style theme intreged me. was glued to the game as soon as i pressed the start button."
76561198102930937,Recommended,293780,24488935,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Stay Fly,10/10 would not teach my friends how to play and kill them all again.
,Recommended,293780,23807114,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Brown Sausage,"This is by far my favorite local game. i dont thing iv ever had so much consistent fun. wether my friends are crazy competitive or just casuals that dont play much games, everyone has fun playing this game. I wish there was a way to throw more money at these wonderfull developers. if your reading this comment dont keep scrolling, get friends and go play this amazing game :)"
76561198181548997,Recommended,293780,24556125,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MrGamingNerd294,"This game is amazingly fun! It kind of stinks that it only has local multiplayer, but otherwise, it's totally worth the money!"
76561197998859129,Recommended,293780,24091046,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,toxast,A LOT of fun!I hope more bosses will be added in the future. =)
,Recommended,293780,15672239,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,🔥Artimi🔥_YT,ya
76561198042491070,Recommended,293780,15272503,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TeaTimeTurtle,"fun if playing solo or multiplayer, fight bots or your friends. be the first one to kill the boss or fight along side it! the game is soo versitile, has mega replay value and well worth the price its set for."
76561197970288076,Recommended,293780,15299405,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Scarub,Amazing!
,Recommended,293780,16240003,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Slayer,"I love this game, it has a really smooth feel to it, and the balance bewteen monster and human are perfect. It creates some really fun tims with friends even if it's not online multiplayer, and has unlimited replay-ability. But now for my recomendations to the developers. I beilive 3 things are needed to make this game even better than it already is, the first is just simply more enemies, bosses, and items, however I know that those are all in development already anyway. The second is online multiplayer, but that is a very time-consuming feature and maybe not worth it in the long-run. The third is a new team mode, where there is 2 humans at once, both of them with weakend health, and sharing gold though. And of course 2 monsters, both on the same team. So that when you kill one of the humans the other one also dies and swtiches to the monster, and both monsters become humans. This would make a really fun addition to the game, with the enjoyment of fighting against even AI with your freind on your team. And I think this should seriously be condisidered to add an awesome new element to an already amazing game."
76561198044557221,Recommended,293780,16520278,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DICK (Not the genitals),This may be early access.But I can't do anything in the game past main menu and it is very upsetting.Edit: Fixed!Amazing game.
76561198052850704,Recommended,293780,17411731,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,marcus,"Very fun, even when you are just playing alone."
,Recommended,293780,17407335,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ButtonsTheMonkey,Just plain fun! Very original idea. You should play it!
,Recommended,293780,17680118,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Snail0fD3ath,Can I just say I own over 500 games and this is in my top 10
,Recommended,293780,17370318,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,bluenovajinx,This couch Co-Op driven game is a must for people who love retro games and who don't mind a salty friend or three. Can't wait to see the new features and monsters they roll out with next.
,Recommended,293780,17420649,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Doppler12,"This game is a great amount of fun. You should play it if you have irl friends, like me, you buncha losers."
76561198180868605,Recommended,293780,35095965,Posted: 20 September,all,Growbot,Dear god the times and memories you will make with your friends over this game. I would recommend buying this ONLY if you have friends who don't mind playing shoulder to shoulder. This is not a solo game. DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE A LONLY LOSER. Just sayin.
76561198042162415,Recommended,293780,35186199,Posted: 24 September,all,ConvexSolution,"Great game! Only con is it does not have online multiplayer. Other than that, this is a real solid, fun time game."
,Recommended,293780,35051959,Posted: 18 September,all,deathchimp,"When I sit non gamers in front of my TV, Crawl is the game I go for. It's easy to pick up and play and everyone seems to get a kick out of it."
,Recommended,293780,18749673,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,QIONGTWO茕兔兔兔兔,"At the beginning, this game worth to play. It is a game which you can play with your other 3 friends-or bots if you have less friend, offline by using keyboard, mouse and two joysticks. One to be a hero and the other contrl the creeps(read the game instruction). It is not only kill their contrling creeps, but also cooperate with your other creeps which your friend's contrling,  against the hero to slow him go furder and earn the blood to upgrade your creeps, or just kill him-when you think he is suck, too weak in the other word- to be a hero-then you will be the hero. The hero would upgrade- of course -and also can buy the magic, item, weapon and so on to be more stronger. When the hero upgrade to lvl10, the hero can activate the charm to teleport to the final boss room. The boss would be contrled by other players, cooperate to kill the hero. If the boss kills the hero, the game will continue, otherwise, game over, the hero who kills the boss wins. The charm can only activate 3 times, after 3 times, game over also (I forget who will win in this case because no boss alives in our hands). Its really fun to play with your friends, more players, more passionate. Really, really worth to play. Go buy it and play with your girl friend now, and you will break up by my will, ha-ha.CHINESE先说，这游戏值得一玩。这是一个4人游戏，跟朋友一起玩特别嗨，除非你的朋友很少，那你可以跟电脑玩儿。这游戏就是一个人扮演英雄，其他人扮演怪。具体游戏是什么个玩法，自己看游戏介绍。我想说的是，这不只是一个杀怪的游戏，怪之间要懂得配合，把英雄当BOSS打。或者说，你觉得这英雄太菜了，就干掉他（抢人头！），自己当英雄。怪可以靠攻击英雄打出的伤害获得BLOOD来升级，英雄可以击杀怪物获得经验升级，然后获取金币去商店购买物品、魔法、武器等等用来加强自己的东西。10级之后就可以激活符咒开BOSS房打BOSS了，总共有3次挑战BOSS的机会，控制怪的玩家控制BOSS攻击英雄，杀了他之后会损失一次挑战BOSS的机会。谁干掉了BOSS，就谁赢。要是3次全失败，呃，反正我们没有失败过3次我不知道会发生啥事。跟基友们一起玩特别基情，人越多越基情，真心值得一玩。快买买买，然后跟你女朋友玩儿去。然后就会正如我所愿的分手的。哈-哈。"
,Recommended,293780,35191028,Posted: 24 September,all,aDuck,One of the coolest couch games I've ever seen. NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER but if you have enough controllers to host a party then this game is a must.
76561197998338949,Recommended,293780,34821341,Posted: 8 September,all,tempo,"The music is so good.It gives me a heart attack, in a good way.This game is awesome"
,Recommended,293780,17965252,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ImmortalCactus,"Its great for freinds and family to play with you, not so great for singleplayer since the bots can be duked quite easily with some sick doges"
,Recommended,293780,21404090,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SeferAmcaFTW,"This is my first review on steam and this game is by far the most genius idea i've ever came across in gaming. Crazy fun to play with friends and gets better as you play. I can't wait for this game to be online, but it's still a masterpiece as a couch co-op."
76561198046989588,Recommended,293780,17881134,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Maj3,This game is so intense and fun. 10/10
76561197988828529,Recommended,293780,12739947,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mem.namefix,awesome fun for local co-op.
76561198101095814,Recommended,293780,12739000,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Vengeancex3,"This game is great, loved the concept and the evolving. I hope they add multiple bosses with different levels"
,Recommended,293780,16135564,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MikeJinx,i think this game is awesome. having a greet time although th ai is currantly kicking my♥♥♥♥♥on easy mode. cant wait to play with my freinds
,Recommended,293780,31128352,Posted: 13 April,all,udienowplz,"Metalheads will calls this metal as hell.Gangstas will call this gangsta af.Nerds will call this excellent.So bring them all together in this couch-multiplayer, competitive co-op showdown."
76561198013490162,Recommended,293780,26280953,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[TAS] Mr.Anarchy,The bast local multiplayer game avilable on pc. The only down side is there currently is no online play.
76561198054185579,Recommended,293780,14614377,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,gregory22,"Wow, this is such a fun game! It's ment to be played with other friends which is what makes it so fun. Still cool when playing alone but the real fun begins when you have other friends joining in. Controlling the boss characters was an added bonus. I like how you can level up your character and monsters at the end of each level. Great retro graphics, great controls, cool soundtrack. Overall totally worth the ten bucks, even if you only play the game once with some friends its worth it! All that and the game isn't even done, can't wait to see the finished product. Great job on the game so far, keep it up!"
,Recommended,293780,15435410,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,King of Sting,"The ultimate party game. When humanity is stolen from you, go beat your friends up."
,Recommended,293780,17037500,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Clamo,playing this with 4 friendos on big picture is sure a blast
,Recommended,293780,26238025,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Walker,"This is great for local co-op, dig the upgrades too."
,Recommended,293780,31088651,Posted: 11 April,all,Turgunx,"This game is brilliant, good job dev !"
76561198046310757,Recommended,293780,26221449,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,obikylewan (Cannoli),"This game has a lot of potentialSure, the online multiplayer is what everyone on Steam buys games for, and this game not having it is an issue, but the concept these guys have created is amazing. Even the single player is fun, give it a go."
,Recommended,293780,14156215,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Morningstar,"Gotta say, this game is just awesome.Buy it and sit down with a couple of friends on the couch, grab four controllers and go crazy. Played it for about eight hours last night without really getting tired of it.You can worship different gods, giving you a different set of enemies to control each game, you can buy new items, giving you a feel for different playstyles.I look forward to seeing more from this game, because we're already sold. This is THE go to couch co-op game for me right now!"
,Recommended,293780,14152132,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,『s a n i t y』,"Honestly if you want to destroy friendships, families, and even your own psyche then look no further. This game is all about competition and the love of the sport. This game causes hour long screaming fests and broken hearts. It feeds on negative energy and spits out a boss fight for you to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of. If you have second thoughts on this game then don't. Buy it! Seriously this could be GOTYEY."
,Recommended,293780,21138936,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GOAtR1P,"Crawl is awesome couch coop with up to 4 players, it's great fun and only gets better as you play it"
,Recommended,293780,14604279,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wrexit,The best local co-op game on steam hands down.
76561198058817637,Recommended,293780,11579519,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Pumpo,It's good
76561197996497725,Recommended,293780,15287422,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,BajungaDustin,This game is great..But its overpriced.I feel like they really should have made more out of this game. It starts out great.. you trucking along and oh.. whats this portal.. hmm level 10 to use portal gotchya... then you make to level 10.. omg portal takes you to boss ... ok... kill boss... game over... 10 mins... beat the game... wtf i have only played the game for 1.8 hours and i have beat it like 6 times.i get that this is supposed to be more of a couch game and a multiple person game but the bots do a good job.The game play is fun. upgrading weapons is fun. and the currency system feels great.but the game is SOOOOOO short. i was super pumped that the game was level based... then you kind of realize that each level is kind of the same... and it almost seems like they are random generated. so there is no outside... there is no travel or anything like that.  i would have loved to see this in a more open style with armor upgrading aswell.. toss in a minor storyline and some different worlds and more bosses and you have youself a hell of a game.so... overall i would still recommend it... but i feel like 10 dollars is too much... 4 dollars seems more legit for the amount of gameplay you actually get out of it. but still pick it up for the expirence lol
,Recommended,293780,32554864,Posted: 18 June,all,Spooky Skeleton Man,Buy this game it's rad as ♥♥♥♥
76561198086667186,Recommended,293780,15323589,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,dhman2011,This is best multiplayer game EVER!!!
76561198114508007,Recommended,293780,12484048,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,QuadBabyRay,"Great game if your looking for fun with friends,I've never seen anything like it, however Crawl does gets boring without anyone to play with though."
,Recommended,293780,12534158,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kraken666,"Fast paced fun, i cant put it down"
,Recommended,293780,18166637,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,CurLin3,Its a great game and more finished than not for being in early access.
,Recommended,293780,32551124,Posted: 18 June,all,HIDDEN MCNASTY,scary monster game but is 2 funa+ great job
76561198018700648,Recommended,293780,24064034,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mower,Best local coop i ever played.
,Recommended,293780,23645816,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,★TUNA ★,GRIEF GODS GORE10/10 10/10 10/10
,Recommended,293780,31079965,Posted: 11 April,all,skinhub.com,"quick review this game is fun but it need more items and spell and more monster to mess with being playin this game by my sefl ""fml"" it fun i would recommend u get this but it need more stuff in game"
,Recommended,293780,29656930,Posted: 2 February,all,Gruble,8/8pretty gr8
,Recommended,293780,29413802,Posted: 21 January,all,Riddle Master,"Gud Game For Realzyies  ;D kys u haters I remember when I was a kid I made the best macoroni necklace and all the kids were jelly in a peanutbutter sanwhich and they all h8ed on me but I kept makin them neckalces and look where I am now a failure in life trying macoroni necklaces for money so my lesson in life is if ppl make fun of u just stop.But unlike my failure in life crawl is a buetiful woman who deserves your respect and dignity so u h8ers better respect this beutiful woman , crawl."
,Recommended,293780,29410849,Posted: 21 January,all,Conner,it NEEEEDS online :(
,Recommended,293780,21610486,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GhostPotato,FUN!
,Recommended,293780,21218274,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ZeuroMaker,"For the unacquainted... 'Crawl' is a dungeon crawler with fluid pixel gameplay and mechanics. It, in its current build, it is a 4 player local multiplayer game where the friends you play with are the monsters, bosses and environmental hazards you must overcome. One player plays as the human, whilst the rest of the players take control of the ghosts of comrades that were slain by the human. If a ghost manages to kill the human, that player gains humanity and takes the place of that human. All players must fight amongst each other for this humanity, reach level 10 and kill the boss (of which, each player takes control of a section of the boss). As the human improves, the ghosts/monsters evolve stronger too. This chaotic and entertaining Indie game has brilliant potential, updates and adds new content quite often.If you ever see this game on sale and have at least one local friend also possessing a mouse and a keyboard, I urge you to buy this game and support this games development. It is a game that would be enjoyable to a wide range of individuals regardless.When online eventually comes to Crawl, It instantly becomes a must buy hands down.Give the game a chance. It is constantly improving.A purchase that you will not regret."
76561198069325369,Recommended,293780,35190528,Posted: 24 September,all,UnbornTwins,Anybody can easily pick up this fantastically fun party game.
,Recommended,293780,14109938,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Requiem Of A Doge,Most of the time when I find a game based on such a fantastic idea it falls flat of my expectations. Crawl was not one of these games. I bought Crawl because I was looking for a game I could play a local multiplayer game with my friends but I wasn't expecting to have such a great time. Hour after hour we killed each other and every game played out differently. I am excited for the future of this game and can't wait to sahre this gem with all of my friends.
,Recommended,293780,19904952,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dok,Really fun game to play with friends around!
,Recommended,293780,23136000,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MegaMan,Beautyfull GAME!LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,293780,11943046,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Triky,dota is better
76561198038550048,Recommended,293780,19893168,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,hawksmajor,"its a fun game full of mlg stats and stuff. the game is so much fun to play however, the books can be op if you have more then 1 but other wise its a fun game"
76561198165455960,Recommended,293780,25201693,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Omoniss,"The game certainly has potential, but is far from complete enough to enjoy or PLAY yet. The gods from the start don't really matter, and while upgrading the monsters and stealing the life from your one hapless buddy seems fun, it gets to a point where the monsters, even at max level, become trash against the player. And the frame rate at later levels becomes just as trash. We could barely play. I see a future for it, but for right now, you're going to have to stick out through the bad and wait for some fixes. I want to reiterate- I like the idea alot. I love the idea and baseline concepts. But the execution isnt great right now."
,Recommended,293780,25066290,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Fishyfire,"my friend said he doesent like the gameMy friend: ""it's tring to be a retro 8-bit pixalated peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean you cant even properly see the face of your freakin charactre and he has stick figgure limbs""Me: ""ow, i dont think it looks that bad, well... what about the gameplay it's self?""My friend: ""it's ok""Me: ""actualy, if annything, this is the perfect retro cabnet 4 player -insert a coin- type game, think of it, one joystic and two bottons.""My friend : ""ow yea... awsome. but i still dont like it's pixelized graphics""me: ""good for you"""
,Recommended,293780,24026486,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,don't_panda,"Best pixelart ever, but without an online multiplayer this game is actually pretty useless."
,Recommended,293780,20000543,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BreakdownBanana,So dang fun. Buy it now. Give them your money..........It turns me on.
76561198033382445,Recommended,293780,14264314,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Novalex,"If you like fast-pace random dungeon game, or D&D, this game is for you.9/10, would be 10/10 if online mutiplayer is added."
,Recommended,293780,11594829,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Hippos,you should make online coop
,Recommended,293780,31140821,Posted: 14 April,all,Cyborganism,Bought this game because I was having friends over for the evening. I played 10 min to see what it's like and I'm SUPER excited! This game is a perfect party game. It's so cool how you can evolve both as a hero and as a villain. That means you're never bored or upset of being killed since you still get to play and have a huge influence on the game. This changes the dynamic of the game every time.The people who came up with this concept are brilliant. Well done!
76561198060137772,Recommended,293780,33189273,Posted: 3 July,all,Narwhal Senpai,"I played it with my cousins, all of us loved it."
,Recommended,293780,30457713,Posted: 11 March,all,theoneklausdieter,A blast to play with friends! One of the few games that has local multiplayer on Steam. Always a wild time when we play.
,Recommended,293780,25847887,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Green,Great Game the unlock system is amazing you unlock just enough things every game to make you want to play another
76561198131181893,Recommended,293780,25659357,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Killstreak,"Um, there's a dragon boss. Is that normal?"
,Recommended,293780,19466201,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Johnny Quasar,"The screenshots for this game don't really show what's going on well, it's a local multiplayer dungeon crawler where if your friend kills you, they're humanity is restored and they take your place as the human and you're one of the ghosts."
,Recommended,293780,32943474,Posted: 28 June,all,telepathic.,is gud
,Recommended,293780,14062266,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Schultzy,"Incredibly fun party game, not to mention you can have fun playing single player too. Man vs Monster is such an awesome mechanic that really shines when you have 4 friends playing on your couch. Rewarding gameplay, fantastic controls, art and music. GET THIS GAME."
76561198094694376,Recommended,293780,18923429,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Erect Banana,"Super Fun for cool Erect dudes, like myself :0"
76561198098738225,Recommended,293780,19371105,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,hamlet,"Like all other reviews, Great game, fun to play with friends. But it lacks in online multiplayer. I'm the only one out of my friends who has the game, but if they added online multiplayer I know they wouldn't hesitate to buy the game."
76561198041632909,Recommended,293780,23278071,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Cthulhubot007,"I absolutely love this game, me and my homies love to play it, we all got it on our pcs, and so we just battle it the hell out.Do you like fast paced hardcore action?Evil and Epic creatures?Rpg Dungeon Crawling?Rougue Like elements?Magic, swords, dodging, bosses, demonic entities, and crazy powers?Bosses?Stupendous co-op?????THEN GET THIS GAME RIGHT THE HELL NOWYou literally are spectres fighting over the last remaining body trying to kill your friend so that you can escape from this horrid condemned area, either an old Cultist crypt, or some other demonic castle like thing, but to do so you must slay and steal a BODY.Weapons and new monsters are constantly being unlocked and with such an awesome design I love everything about this game and there is no reason you should be actually finishing this review because YOU NEED TO BE PLAYING IT 30 MINUTES AGO, so hurry up and try this game, check my profile, i play lots of games and spend a good amount of time on them, I know my account only has 11 hrs on record for Crawl but i guarantee you ive spent a hella lot more on this game, SERIOUSLY WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL READING ABOUT THE GAME, GO BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198068273937,Recommended,293780,28516090,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,its fun retro goodness
76561198113190965,Recommended,293780,21645362,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Eustace Bagge,"possibly one of the best party games i have ever played. i love getting together with my friends and playing this when we can. Never a dull moment. always exciting. always hyped. cant wait to see the future development of this game. the biggest thing it could need is a good, supported online gameplay with public and private parties. 10/10. I hope these guys that created ""Crawl"" get what they deserve. they need to go BIG for this."
76561198041049080,Recommended,293780,25054362,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,springbok72,"LOOOOVE IT!!!but i think it might need a new system like armour or maybe pets (cough cough WANT THEM BOTH cough cough)all in all its a great game with an awesome unique concept and very imaginative monsters and items.So YAY to that!could you add another boss maybe?peeps like this comment if you want armor or/and pets or/and 'nuther boss!anyways,great imaginative game!"
,Recommended,293780,28520096,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Swingletree(Simon),"It's, like, really good."
76561198026482185,Recommended,293780,23244548,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sweet Soft Boy,Pls. This game would be mega supreme delicious with online multiplayer.
,Recommended,293780,28338351,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Full Sail University,yea this is cool arcade style crap (you need to play with the mouse tho)
76561198045191486,Recommended,293780,28232719,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,"Aku, the Shogun of Sorrow",so good wow
,Recommended,293780,28920324,Posted: 1 January,all,Thothdj,if you name yourself poo you turn into a giant sh i t (srsly)
,Recommended,293780,31795438,Posted: 16 May,all,FryeGuy,Crawling in my skin
,Recommended,293780,14569864,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,K-Deezy,"This is hands down one of the best local multiplayer games on PC, I don't think my words can really do it justice, in the sense that I'm not all that amazing at writing... but hey? Why not try?So, here's how it goes, you like to have your friends over and play games, you recently purchased an extra controller to play another awesome local multiplayer game, but its quickly becoming boring and you need some variety. (In my case this game was castle crashers.) So, I went on game jolt and saw a banner advertising this game, I decided to buy it.Crawl is a great game in many regards, a fun art style, polished gameplay, surprisingly bug free for an early access game, and constantly changing how you play. A typical round of crawl will go like this, you pick a deity to worship. (This will determine what monsters you get and will give you bonuses as well, ex: shop discounts or extra monster health) And you and you friend(s) spawn in. One of you will be the hero, the others will be the ghosts. The goal of the hero is to kill the other players when they become monsters on pentagrams and get XP to fight a boss when the player reaches level 10. The ghost's goal will be to kill the hero using an assortment of monsters, traps, and cunning. When the ghost kills the hero the ghost takes the hero's place. But, that may be hard as it goes for being a pixelated monster with 3 hit points. So, usually how it goes in my experience is the hero stays the hero for the first dungeon. Anyways at the end of the floor, the monsters will get upgrade points for their monsters depending on how much the hero leveled up. (Monsters also get blood when damaging the player, this will be important later.) So, the next round starts with the ghosts having new, upgraded monsters, and the hero still hasn't gotten enough gold to buy any new items from the shop. The monsters steamroll the player and thus a new hero in born. The new hero can then go to the shop to buy upgrades, weapons, and abilities, by exchanging the blood he/she got for hurting the hero for gold. Crawl Goes like this until one of the heroes has reached level 10, and can challenge one of the two bosses currently in the game, although I'll save those for a surprise, then the round is over. But at the end of each round new weapons, traps, shrines, monsters, and deities are unlocked to keep the gameplay fresh between rounds.So all in all: Do I reccomend crawl?YESThe pixel art, gameplay, monsters, spells, and updates keep the gameplay exciting and every couple of months or so the devs' release a HUGE update with new bosses, evolutions, traps, balances, and weapons. Crawl is by far my favourite local game to play with friends, and this review is coming from a guy who has never even played a dungeon crawler before! Buy Crawl now, you won't be sorry. Trust me"
,Recommended,293780,31211842,Posted: 17 April,all,Sushi,"Just when you think your friend's hero is OP, you finally make it to the shop, and sh*t all over his monsters with your magic sword.One of the few games that I hope comes out with DLC."
76561198063363054,Recommended,293780,26692579,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,asiancaleb,"If you have friends to play this with you should absolutely get it, my buddies and I have spent so many hours playing and unlocking everything and we just love it! The only thing about the game that needs to change is that there are only 2 bosses and they can get old one of which is way way harder than the other, and it seems like you get one boss and the other won't show up forever or unless you restart the game beyond that this game is lit as ♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ my friends over again."
,Recommended,293780,33713136,Posted: 21 July,all,WaifuHunter69,love this game
76561198064097604,Recommended,293780,28574618,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NimbleAssassin,this game is great! i can play using just one hand and eat papa john's pizza with the other! papa bless
,Recommended,293780,23870761,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Lovely Alu,This game is simply AMAZING.
76561198107223055,Recommended,293780,31541017,Posted: 4 May,all,Spexiver,How to play crawl:1)Have all ghosts collect up to 3 slimes2)Spawn slimes when the hero is at the boss-portal3)Friend accidentaly presses A on the portal while trying to kill the slimes4)Kill your friend5)Lose another friend6)Profit?
,Recommended,293780,19816139,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Johnny5point6,I love it. It is a really interesting take on a dungeon crawler. I just wish there were a few more varied environments. I cannot wait to see what this game will be like when it is ready for prime time. Very fun.
76561198009380260,Recommended,293780,11861230,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,VhunTerD,Can I play as the boss at the end? YES
,Recommended,293780,22388548,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dimanor3,"For everyone who reads this and is thinking that they refuse to buy this game until an online co-op mode is built in. I implore you to just buy it and give it a try anyway, you have little to lose, you hate it return it, but when you play it make sure that you have a few mates around to play it with you (Best with a full house but not necessary). I also don't believe that this game should get an online multiplayer namely because this game's fun strives from playing next to your mates and socializing and interacting versus playing online."
,Recommended,293780,22522299,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Prince BumSpank,Good.
,Recommended,293780,14895756,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,OL » Orangeman LF3rd,"Great fun for 2-4 players. However, if you have no friends, I would not suggest getting this game. This game was aimed to be played by a group of friends.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,293780,27371833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frodor Baggins,Surprisingly worse than Mario Kart
,Recommended,293780,28111537,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,chainsaw_george,great game good gameplay
,Recommended,293780,29552331,Posted: 28 January,all,Jericho Hellsing,this game is crack in raw formwinners dont use drugs
76561198041100183,Recommended,293780,34575509,Posted: 29 August,all,TechnoDroger,If u have friends to play with this game is awsome!! If u dont have friends u suck.
,Recommended,293780,25627984,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,SilverDeathLord,"an insanely fun game to play by yourself or with friends, but no matter what i do no one can beat me, seriously ive never lost a match, pls help"
,Recommended,293780,18224880,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,undefined.OwL,TH|S GAM3 N33Ds A 0NL|N3 MULT|PLAY3R!!!!11 No sr|0lsy m8 ._.
,Recommended,293780,22579615,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TheMerchantofGames,EXTREMELY FUN WITH FRIENDS.This game is absolutely beautiful and I recommend it to anyone as a fun party game.
,Recommended,293780,22505493,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,blimpie,An entirely unique take on the dungeon crawler genre. So much polish... so much awesome.
76561198218825347,Recommended,293780,22514006,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,newmanj94,love this game you get to play as the monsters instead of the hero and its local co-op
76561198119561920,Recommended,293780,22515223,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MISHAP,A very fun local multiplayer game to play with your friends. I played this game for hours and never got bored. A really awesome game.
,Recommended,293780,22598519,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kingboomber,"Very fun game, wish i could move with WASD however."
76561198058502004,Recommended,293780,22681910,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Strider1331,"This is a game made for multiplayer, yet 98% of the time I play it, I'm playing singleplayer. It's that good. Please buy. Now."
76561198096316632,Recommended,293780,22591244,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Wintercat,So much fun I've had many great experiences with my friends. Everyone had a different style and it makes it last. I can't wait for any updates but without them it's still amazing. I highly recommend this
,Recommended,293780,22749214,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,afkhalis,Really fun couch coop game.  A definite must for any couch gaming setup
,Recommended,293780,22596442,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GenuinePorkChops,"When my friends come over, we must play at least one round of this game. This has become law.Reasons to buy now:-Absolutely golden local co-op-Tons of satisfying unlocks-Just out right fun and satisfying.Reasons to wait before buying:-No Online play yet. The game is destined to have Online play. I dont wanna invite friends over every time to play a casual round with them.-I've had some issues with connecting 4 controllers, but maybe you wont i dunno.I love this game. Amazing work done already."
76561198038595126,Recommended,293780,22712817,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Romanov,"Perfect Couch game to play with your friends, from the pixel art to the intersting mechanics of each monster and weapon."
,Recommended,293780,24757936,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Woin,good game but need more content btw nice work
,Recommended,293780,31167029,Posted: 15 April,all,SiBaNNaC,Great!!!Played with my girl and all my friends and had a blast. Local Co-op is amazing and since the release update the game has only become better.
76561198135255755,Recommended,293780,33878520,Posted: 29 July,all,nitaidor,10/10
,Recommended,293780,28758762,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WrongHoleButGoodHoleOnii-chanNya,"Just awesome, you don't need to think I can guarantee that you'll have fun if you have friends to play together.Game is hard and fast you don't understand what's happening sometimes and it's cruel when you miss last hit after you effort.I hope they'll finish the game."
,Recommended,293780,28717213,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Wanderer,"The best 4 player game out there today. Only problem with this game is its 8 bit graphics. I LOVE 8-bit graphics! But this one is really more like 2 bit graphics. That aside, it STILL is the best 4 player game out there on Steam."
76561198145695089,Recommended,293780,34880151,Posted: 11 September,all,For the swarm,Best Rouge-like 4p-pvp game ever
,Recommended,293780,19794364,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MR.BONES,"We play 2-3 games of this every time I hang out with my friends.This is probably the best local multiplayer party game I've ever played. Every game is different, you'll have lots of laughs with your friends, you can build your character pretty diversely.Even if you dont want to get this game for the local multiplayer, I played like 15 bot matches to unlock everything when I first bought it too. Dont let my play time fool you either, I usually play this game offline or on shared steam accounts (due to being at friends houses sometimes)"
,Recommended,293780,11685056,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lil' Sassy,I was kind of skeptical about the game at first I thought my friends and I would get tired of it quickly but after I got three of my friends together to play it ended up being a blast and was hard to put down.The trailer really didn't do it much justice and I'm REALLY looking forward to seeing more content and boss fights implemented.
76561198012801404,Recommended,293780,11621174,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Von E Gut,"I read in a review of this game that this game would be nothing but a generic dungeon crawler if not for the co-op elements. What a load of bull that is. This game is gorgeous. The combat mechanics, progression system, attention to detail, and art direction are nothing short of inspiring. Even if this game were just a ""generic dungeon crawler"" it would be a fantastic one. The animation and production values are something to be admired and even if just for that, this is a must purchase."
,Recommended,293780,29997161,Posted: 17 February,all,About47Pandas,"Ive played this with a few friends... I would play this so much more... if it had online.... its a great game... lots of fun, with people."
,Recommended,293780,21677098,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AbundantChoice,"Had some friends over, and finally got to play around with Crawl. This might have instantly become our favorite ""couch game,"" with tons of hollering, shouting, and an all around awesome time. It still feels a bit light on bosses, but there's already *tons* of monsters, weapons, and gear. All you need is one or two levels for everyone to get the hang of what's going on. Each game also lasts the ""right"" amount of of time overall, not too short but not too long. Just long enough to have people shouting for ""one more!"""
76561198114287999,Recommended,293780,12601960,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Quetzalcoatl,A fast paced game that is enjoyable whenever you play it. 3 to 4 players offers the best gameplay.
,Recommended,293780,13856678,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Shard,This game has quickly become my favorite Local Multiplayer game. Only stuff like Towerfall trumps it. 10/10 BUY IT IF YOU HAVE LOCAL FRIENDS AND CONTROLLERS!
,Recommended,293780,12698276,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TheHoliestSheep,gg wp
76561198089515414,Recommended,293780,12610265,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DeathDealer,Would be superb with online multiplayer think it might be on the way...Still good without it!
76561198050158967,Recommended,293780,26190830,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,GnomeHunter,10/10Would lose my friends again.
76561198353208196,Recommended,293780,32205549,Posted: 5 June,all,uzu12345,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,293780,12864000,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Psyra,"This stands out from other online multplayer games because, technically, you're getting four games for one price. Sure beats having to buy multiple copies of anything these days. And hey, extra bonus: No PUGs, you'll probably know all your competition here personally!"
76561198007314628,Recommended,293780,14705578,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Spookster,420 slimesteal
,Recommended,293780,13962492,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Toasty Von Toastington,Beholder Bit me and my character went insane.10/10
76561198042031827,Not Recommended,293780,33538224,Posted: 14 July,all,Kurtikus,"Ok...So this game is a TON of fun once, after that it gets repetitive fast and is really only fun (I'm assuming here since I don't have local friends >_<) with others to play with and maybe drink to.  I just don't recommend getting this if you're just playing by yourself.  That being said, it's a solid game with fun mechanics and a tasteful design.  The game is just too short for me to consider its worth 15 bucks."
,Recommended,293780,21354528,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Woman Dabbing Wearing A Fedora,"If only I had read the tag that it was local multiplayer, I wouldn't of had wasted 20$. I can't say that I feel I haven't gotten my money's worth I'm just saying if I wanted to play with bots I could've played literally any other multiplayer game. I'm not saying this is a bad game I'm just saying if I had wanted to play an interesting multiplayer game in which my friends could join me and have fun with me, especially after having bought a 2nd copy for them, I would've bought literally any other game. No I'm not saying this game is bad, I'm just saying, if you are looking to play this game with a friend of yours who lives very very very far away from you. You my friend, are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. This game is okay I guess."
76561198029363031,Recommended,293780,31192036,Posted: 16 April,all,Wahops,WOth Every Penny.
76561198120138640,Recommended,293780,31759081,Posted: 14 May,all,Space man,Grate but... you should add online to the game
,Recommended,293780,11588653,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Chiffon,Very monsterSo humanityMuch conceptWowVery sabotage friendMany funnyMuch ghostWow10/10 wow
,Recommended,293780,12026602,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,VIGIL,"Early Access ReviewCrawl almost has a sort of Super Smash Bros feeling to it. Not in the mechanics, art style, or the way the game conceptualizes itself, but in how it affects you and your friends as you duke it out.Truthfully I'm hard-pressed to think of a game that has been as much raw fun as this one with 3 other friends. Crawl is a work of art on the side of game mechanics -  a brilliant concept that has so far been executed extremely well and met my very high expectations.More content is coming to the game, and it drives me nuts waiting for it. I definitely, like most others, feel that the game needs an online component, but the developers have said that they are seriously considering implementing that down the road.If you have a group of friends that you hang out with in person who game, Crawl is an incredible game and one you won't regret getting!"
,Recommended,293780,12961327,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AlbertMelfo,"A truly awesome multiplayer experience and it's still in early access! I really look forward to this game going forward. It's already totally playable, and once more content is in the game I forsee hours and hours of fun unlocking things and stomping your friends! Only local multi with friends, but if you have some controllers, get playing this right away! Easily worth the price. Enjoy!"
76561198083580729,Recommended,293780,11894026,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Redwake,"I remember seeing MangaMinx and Boyinaband playing this on Youtube and thinking: ""Wow, this actually looks pretty fun!""So, thinking back to that video, I decided to try and find it. Lo and behold, it was on Steam! I immediately bought, noticing it had a single-player feature as well, something that appealed to me, since I don't have the best Internet in the world. After the fast download, I played it for the first time.Wow! I had seen gameplay for this game on Youtube, but I never thought it would be soo much fun! Even against the AI, the game itself has a simple yet challenging playstyle to it that I love, and the music and graphics match so well with the action the game can offer!I have few complaints, to be honest. Normally, I would have a number of them, seeing as this is Early Access, but I only have a few.First, it just seems so short. Eight floors just seems so small for a game. But it is in Early Access, so I could understand why.Secondly, while I enjoyed what I saw so far (I managed to play the AI into losing his Humanity, which was satisfying), maybe adding different kinds of surroundings, like mossy dungeons or dark, dank caves would be possible. It'd be interesting to see how a fight against a mindflayer (or hentai tentacle beast, either way, they're pretty interesting) would go in a cave with floor-to-ceiling rock formations here and there.And lastly, the weapon selection. While the weapons are useful in different situations, it just seems kinda boring to swing a sword or throw some daggers around. Maybe adding a bow or possibly a staff is possible? It'd certainly change how players played the game.All-in-all, this is a great game to play with your friends. Everyone is involved in not just the dungeon-crawling levels, but also the final boss, which was pretty interesting.I've never seen a game like this before, and I'm very much looking forward to seeing how much more is going to go into this game!EDIT:After playing the game a few more times, I realized that it DOES include other weapons, as well as other monster elvolutions. My bad for not playing more of the game and securing my knowledge. All it takes is a completion of the game as either the human or the spirit, and those new unlockables are given to you before heading back to the main menu.EDIT 2:I'm forgetting or overlooking quite a bit in this game, apparently. I recently discovered a spirit-usable statue feature, which allows spirits to become strong, high-level monsters that would normally be available through monster evolution. It's a pretty interesting concept, and one I kind of dread. A low level player can quickly be eradicated by one of these monstrosities, but the battles are tense and hectic.As for other features, I noticed that there are a number of other weapons that are unlocked through continuous play, such as javelins and clubs. Once again, makes play throughs a bit more interesting as time goes on."
,Recommended,293780,24962610,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,lil will,a creepy crawlin' heck of a good time!!!
,Recommended,293780,28319719,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Slimentist,Just a great game to play with friends!
,Recommended,293780,23877925,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AlternateEnding,I really like this game but I'm not in the mood to write a real review.
,Recommended,293780,31274883,Posted: 21 April,all,Fluff * ✩‧₊˚♡,"10/10, even if you dont have friends to play with"
,Recommended,293780,31155567,Posted: 15 April,all,A Series of Unfortunate Games,No one is ever gonna crawl apart from me if I have anything to say about it !! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
76561198045197610,Recommended,293780,31143107,Posted: 14 April,all,ClickiVids,"You're lucky to have controller support because your fingers will be bleeding after your first game, mine were. This is such a fun game I can't begin to describe it. I got it on sale, but even at £10.99 you're getting so much game for money. It's fun, challenging, a game for the couch, for friends, or just by yourself. The CPU are good at the game, probably better than I am, so it doesn't feel like you're lacking a challenge.I can see myself coming back and playing this game over and over, not for long periods of time, since that's not the type of game it is (however it could be if it was ever given a multiplayer). I can't wait for the next time I get all my friends together, a hot pizza, some cold beers, this game and the couch and I've got my weekend SORTED.Fun game, low cost, win win."
,Recommended,293780,11611042,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,ThatOneWeeb,Love dungeon Crawlers? Then this is the game for you. Fight your freinds and defeat the boss. Thats it. Its quite simple but brilliant. This game is a good representation on how to fight your friends and win. This game can tear your friendship apart though. So beware of that. XD Anyway get this game. Its sale price is $10 buts its worth $100. Its so awesome and amazing! BUY IT!!!
76561198196567763,Recommended,293780,31166549,Posted: 15 April,all,ShaneGotBunsHun,10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by my girlfriend in this game again.
,Recommended,293780,33780004,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,"Extremely fun party game with loads of content. Never the same game twice. Monster progression allows you to try a different build every single playthrough. The monsters are all unique and new monsters are always popping up. Devs are constantly adding new content and are clearly dedicated to this game. The boss component is the weakest part of this game simply because there are only two bosses so far and everyone already knows what to expect going into the fight. The run itself is clearly where the game shines and there is never a dull moment. If you love trolling and destroying your friends, this game is for you."
,Recommended,293780,31081172,Posted: 11 April,all,Garmonbozia Danny,"Awesome couch co-op game for up to 4 players, recommended."
,Recommended,293780,19054532,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Zetanoid,My Friend killed me with GabeN10/10 Woulde Gabe again!
,Recommended,293780,23239304,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,FSB,dis game way good yo
,Recommended,293780,29531297,Posted: 27 January,all,JoBe,z
76561198097167389,Recommended,293780,29531333,Posted: 27 January,all,toumie2,"frequently updating and still in early acess,I wonder what's going to come."
,Recommended,293780,11584552,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Zarthrag,"I had really have high expectations for this game...THEY HAVE BEEN EXCEEDED!This is the *ultimate* couch brawler.  It has simple controls, pacing, and plenty to unlock with each playthrough.  (I daresay, they unlock *too* many items with each playthrough.  I'd rather it dish out one at a time - lest it run out someday!)  Oh, and the polish.  This game is sooo well polished, words cannot explain.  This game *ooozes* style.Believe the hype, and the trailers.  If you don't have real friends, the bots will do a great job entertaining you. This is a capable single player game.  If you do have friends, and don't want them anymore, have the come over and play Crawl.  Just try not to spill any *real* blood."
,Not Recommended,293780,12267346,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TwistedLogic,"A great concept of a game carefully crafted and bundled into an easily set up multiplayer game. There is character progression, adversity which shifts constantly as other players take the role of the hero and the others take the role of the monsters trying to turn him into floor paste and some great bosses which allow for some nice action.Overall, a solid concept. Now the reason for the no recommendation;I played local multiplayer with a bot or two (not having more than one other person immediately available) and the result was a frantic scrabble after the AI, trying to figure out what to do. This itself did not take long, but the frantic scrabble continued on and on and on. Normally, frantic in a game is good, but this just felt like always playing catch-up and never progressing. At the end of each floor, regardless of character advancement, it always felt like we were not quite sure what had been achieved, what happened or what we were even trying to do. We continued on for a while, had a few boss encounters and played as both the monsters and hero a few times each. It was around the time my friend said ""I'm bored"" that I realized that I was too and had just been forcing fun onto the session.The ghost characters constantly felt like they were dragged from room to room, rather than chasing the hero, often never having the chance to even attempt the various awesome traps in the corridoors between some of the rooms. The blob drops were a nice touch, enabling the ghosts to stay in the action, but not overwhelm the hero too much with mobs. But it still felt a bit bland and it was hard to relate to any of the characters with the constant control switch (mostly with the AI bots getting in there 9 times in 10). Overall, for two of us playing with two bots, it was not fun.Other people with three friends to play with may very well have an awesome time with Crawl, but I think it needs a little more balance, maybe some humor or something, anything to bring it to life. Players need something to work with to get fun out of a game. Other than that, the devs have done an awesome job (love the boss intros, they looked awesome!) and I hope I get chance to have fun with this in the future."
76561198093360557,Recommended,293780,19168869,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Bird Stalker,"Crawl is a very fun game. It is still in development though, but the devs have done a superb job of keeping in touch with their community and letting them know about what it is they're doing and planning to do. Content is released at an acceptable pace as well. They're a shining example of how these titles should be handled, at the moment. I've enjoyed this game immensely and that's without being able to get people together to play it with me on a regular basis. That's right, I'm having fun playing against the AI. I'm not saying that the AI is in anyway extraordinary, but I just find the game itself so fun that I don't mind playing by myself, even though this game shines the brightest with friends.As of right now I can recommenced this game to anyone looking for a unique game concept and a fun party game."
,Recommended,293780,11598975,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Inconsistent,"Crawl is an amazing Dungeon crawler type game. One player controls The Hero and the other players play as Ghosts. The Ghosts have to possess traps and become monsters to try and kill The Hero. Whoever lands the final blow to The Hero becomes The Hero. There is also currency in the game, You can get blood by hurting The Hero as a Ghost and you get gold by finding chests. While exploring you can find a blacksmith where you can buy better swords, spells and you can kneel down to an idol that takes all of your blood and makes it gold. That was a basic rundown of Crawl. Before you buy it though, it is only local co-op as of today but the devs said that online is a possibility. I recommend this to everybody who likes a fun multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,293780,34715539,Posted: 3 September,all,TheTruePie,besgame
76561198086597322,Recommended,293780,33106138,Posted: 1 July,all,Deadly Queen,sicc af
,Recommended,293780,19706982,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,claiminglight,"I had a total blast with this! If only it were 20 years ago, and I could invite my friends over to play without worrying about going to work!"
76561198024915332,Recommended,293780,27949415,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Urubs,i love it lots of fun even for a singleplayer...and man the ost OH THE OST OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!
,Recommended,293780,31082487,Posted: 11 April,all,Dvir01,♥♥♥♥ing love it
76561198160613586,Recommended,293780,22808571,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,MisterNumper,good.
76561197998710555,Recommended,293780,25049847,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"One of the few early access titles I can whole heartedly recommend! Fun since the second I bought it, the developer continues to improve upon the game, not only content but also mechanic wise which is very much appreaciated! Ofc I am playing with 4 friends in local coop so for those of you who play alone with AI, I cannot say how much fun the game is that way! But if it should get online multiplayer it would come highly recommended for everyone!"
,Recommended,293780,23617352,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nugget,"Great game, wish there was online multiplayer though."
76561198007561797,Recommended,293780,21279448,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,snimp,5/7 for hating friends
,Recommended,293780,31168205,Posted: 15 April,all,Slyx,great game more fun when you got freainds and i love the lvl systym
,Recommended,293780,19044413,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Purple Funny Joke,Crawl is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
76561198140605829,Recommended,293780,23937589,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bleach Boys,Fun
,Recommended,293780,35191749,Posted: 24 September,all,Mad Merv,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,293780,29709260,Posted: 4 February,all,RedRaptor,"☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: wanna blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up in spes?☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠:{ preemptive censor :\  }RedRaptor: sorry man, promised the little bro some couch coop and still working on stuff before i can :P☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: lol wordRedRaptor: you vidya with anyone?☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: be sure not to keep your couch cooped up too long☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: they get anxiety, and begin molting☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: -hideous sightRedRaptor: xDRedRaptor: if you ever play games local with anyone, try out Crawl☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: yea, I'm always down to have a good local co-op gameRedRaptor: its like monopoly mixed with sorry, where you're not really sorry that you you keep killing your friends and their ghosts keep killing you.RedRaptor: jk just go check it on the store, very good game that keeps getting updates☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: lol i am reading about it, and that sounds like a good summaryRedRaptor: i think i'm gonna just put that snippet of the chat log as a review :PRedRaptor: or wait, you review♥♥♥♥♥♥ there you go xD☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: lol you do it tho☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: ""stolen comedic meatrial is the most toxic substance in the universe""☠ Mr. Miyagi ☠: -Jeff and some aliensThe game is fun."
,Recommended,293780,27897520,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fatpoob,"Pros:+Unique and functional concept+Smooth, easy to get into gameplay+Catchy music, satisfying sound design, and chilling voice acting+Great pixel art and animations+Huge variety of monsters, items, and traps+Transparent dev team ensures Crawl's final version will have waay more content+Decent singleplayer challenges and AICons:-No online multiplayer-Need controllers to play with friends-Need friendsEven though Crawl is still in Early Access now, it definitely feels like a full game, and is one of the best couch party games on steam as of now."
76561198014759040,Recommended,293780,33144399,Posted: 2 July,all,Black_Heart,Nice game
76561198001194180,Recommended,293780,31191561,Posted: 16 April,all,brunopastor,LOL IS A GOOD GAEM
76561198009661980,Recommended,293780,20885452,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,qlawdat,Co-op
,Not Recommended,293780,28401019,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sir Fluffington The Platypus,"My friends and I just played this game, and while I love the idea, and thought it was good enough to give a shot at PAX Aus, we found that we quickly got bored. This game is definitely brilliant, and I know that many people would really enjoy playing it, but the simple fact that, even taking into account that we had just finished a game of Risk from boredom, we weren't enjoying it and didn't want to continue means I can't recommend it, at least not in it's current state."
76561198262762101,Not Recommended,293780,35246686,Posted: 27 September,all,a.smith2806,Way too much happening on the screen. In single player I had no idea which character I was or what direction I was pointed in. Would be much better if you could have just one ghost and one hero.
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,293780,31132747,Posted: 14 April,all,Lioncash,"I'll rephrase what I mean about this game,It's in no way BAD. The game itself is spectacular and the idea is something new, refreshing and quite unique however, the lack of online multiplayer feels like the game is shooting itself in the foot. It feels by design to be a game that is online multiplayer a lot like Risk of Rain. It's just not there though.As I understand the game was developed by two people and I bow my hat to both of them, the game is amazing in itself, it can be played quite happily in single player mode but for myself and I'm sure for others, IT NEEDS ONLINE MULTIPLAYER."
,Not Recommended,293780,35190712,Posted: 24 September,all,God of Tits and Wine,"Serious balancing issues. I played with two friends, and one of us was consistently becoming the hero. With the absolute cluster-f*ck some of the battles become, who deals the final blow to the hero becomes almost meaningless. It should be based off total damage dealt or something like that, as it is, the system of who gets to be the hero feels almost random. My buddies wanted to enjoy it, but quickly got sick of one person being the hero over and over and getting all the upgrades."
,Not Recommended,293780,17684891,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,hàVóK,Nope.
76561198224176868,Not Recommended,293780,21793822,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SpookieKat,This game was highly enjoyable. If you are wondering why I am using the past tense... it is because it gets boring quickly.
76561198209162239,Not Recommended,293780,31228233,Posted: 18 April,all,400ppm,After seeing the old school graphics and the 'Overwhelmingly Positive' reviews rating I bought the game without checking further. I have to have Internet multiplayer in this kind of game or I can't get much out of it. Also the combat was left / right pretty much and I need to be able to attack in any direction.Otherwise I liked the idea behind the game and the graphics.
,Not Recommended,293780,22851674,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Skeelo,"This game is a fun game to play when you are with you friends, however, it doesn't contain much material yet. This game is still a WIP (thank you for the comments on my review). I would'nt reccomend buying at the game's current state, but if the creators were to finish the game, it wouldnt be a bad buy. ATM I say no"
76561198066135987,Not Recommended,293780,19929670,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,"Really cool concept but has a few things that I really dislike.1) Only local multiplayer with no online match making.2) Game moves too fast. Both the player and ghosts whiz through each room with no time to plan or strategize.3) There isn't really anything going on in any rooms beside traps or fighting each other. No puzzles, etc.4) Too many things happening on screen and can get very confusing when combined with everyone whizing in and out of the each room to the next.5) No other types of levels or bosses.. Just the same dungeon map and end boss."
76561197962474342,Not Recommended,293780,33942117,Posted: 31 July,all,Boat,"I played this game with friends and over that time we were able to have a full game. There isn't enough content in here to warrant the price, and that's even after a sale price. I usually really enjoy most of the well reviewed games but there are many other that have more content and value compared to this. The gameplay is a little stiff and challenging for newbies . I can understand that its great for competition and balance but it just didnt do it for me."
76561198077550577,Not Recommended,293780,23845401,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gang Yeong Tae,Needs online multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,293780,31266975,Posted: 20 April,all,.yerts,refunded cuz no frends
76561198146003890,Not Recommended,293780,28619067,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HAZARDO,Si l'com a crank S'ti na ceneiripxe regging♥♥♥♥♥f
76561197971124983,Not Recommended,293780,30916140,Posted: 2 April,all,Savage,all the rooms and levels look the samefinishing games adds updates to game... super tedious to bring out the games potential... adding costumes would have been better
,Not Recommended,293780,35190915,Posted: 24 September,all,conway,no online multiplayer. now my best friend bobbo is dead and i cant play with anyone. RIP bobbo
,Not Recommended,293780,29593252,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,=
,Not Recommended,293780,22069734,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,whoslight,I get what they're trying to do with the pixelated retro look but it's done in such a way that I had a difficult time understanding what was going on during gameplay.   I also always like to have the option to play single-player & I did not see that option in this game.
,Not Recommended,293780,20991182,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NINSAM8,"Ill change my review when the game gets online multiplayerRight now the game is completely useless.Two of my friends and I all bought a copy, realized it was single player or local mutiplayer only, and then preceded to never actually play the game. Uninstalled it on the spot. I would get a refund but im hoping full release will make the game playable.  Im surprised at the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" when its clearly a game heavily based on multiplayer play, yet you cant even play with your friends online.  Its almost like they watched the funny trailer and based their review off of it.The trailer is awesome BTW."
,Not Recommended,293780,20599035,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,m4rtyr,This game will only be good when they have a matchmaking system..
,Not Recommended,293780,31199737,Posted: 17 April,all,Zak,"Controls are to hard to master, thus the game isn't playable. Maybe after the game refines its controls it will become playable. Plus this game has one mode, so it gets repeatative and boring very quickly."
,Not Recommended,293780,16937814,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,WG4575,Controller has entirely stopped working on this game and this game only. Fix it or else it'll remain a negative review.
76561198029584543,Not Recommended,293780,20189504,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"Sorry, I don't understand what is fun about this game. I hate writing bad reviews of indy games because I'm sure the devs worked very hard on it and are proud. But I just didn't find this game interesting.I'm wondering if it's a generational thing? I've really been there and done that as far as mashing a single attack button and killing pixelated monsters over and over and over. Got my fill of that 30 years ago.I'm not accusing these particular devs of this, but, it seems to me that ""retro"" 8-bit graphics and gameplay are starting to become synonomous with simple lazy game design.Anyway, best of luck, but I've requested a refund."
76561198038870912,Not Recommended,293780,21117487,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,iconoclast,My friends literally fell asleep playing it. Can't say i would recommend.
,Not Recommended,293780,22202215,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,"This is a good game, it really is, but I just can't recommend it"
76561198069741252,Not Recommended,293780,23245807,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,PENGUINCOW,It is mot like the reviews say
,Not Recommended,293780,11632760,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Zeeg,"Pixel art at its best, but it's a bit overpriced for its content right now. If there are enough updates until release and keep it up after that I'll change my review."
,Not Recommended,293780,31167401,Posted: 15 April,all,bhop bob,dungeon crawl stone soup is better
,Not Recommended,293780,11597573,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Best Friend,A multiplayer game with no online capability.
76561197988021402,Not Recommended,293780,12063207,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,kingfish_ak,"It looked fun, and then I played it. And that was when I realized it was not for me."
76561198066324745,Not Recommended,293780,16139539,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Chong,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥give me a refund.
76561198012910620,Recommended,293780,30384303,Posted: 7 March,all,Mahjongman,A must have for all couch co-op enthusiasts. The game devs get their inspiration from games like Gauntlet and Super Bomberman. They have much more planned for this game yet there is already so much to unlock already. Can't wait to see how it goes from here!
76561198171031489,Recommended,293780,30407168,Posted: 9 March,all,outlander79@,extreamly funrecomend it to everyone espesally for groups of friends or the solo gamer who just want to kill some time
76561197998467601,Recommended,293780,30483019,Posted: 12 March,all,SQUAR3D,"With each release this game keeps getting better and better, and had a total blast playing it again today. Online multiplayer would be cool, but I know that can troublesome to implement."
76561198089662570,Recommended,293780,11785387,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Literally Nothing,"Great fun.  An online multiplayer would be great, but as long as you have a friend to play with, you should be good."
,Recommended,293780,11790661,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Hirnu,"For an early access game, this is incredibly well polished.Very fun gameplay, a very original concept and I would very much recommend.My one gripe in the early access stage is there is only one boss, but going by the planned updates there will be more later on."
76561197971444938,Recommended,293780,11597726,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,TubTub,"I really enjoyed what I have seen so far. Although the game only has so much to offer right now, it is early access, and I am exspecting all sorts of new great things during this game's development. The game features 4 player local multiplayer, in which one player plays a normal dungeon crawler. The other three people, though, are the monsters. This is a very interesting twist to dungeon crawlers, and it is well done. I also thought the music was well composed and that the art style was great, but the game is one of those games that without friends, it's charm fades quickly. Over all, what Crawl has to offer so far is great, but if you don't have any friends to play it with, I would wait until news of online multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,11605044,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kirbyxox,"Never before have I felt that a game truly defined a brawler co-op+VS experience until crawl.Games such as castle crashers and even the old final fights had somesort of co-op and some some sort of vs but traversing the level feltexactly the same as if you were doing it single player with a tinytaste of competitive on the side. Crawl doesn't do this, playing alongsideyour friends means having to keep an eye on every single thing eachof your friends does. Their level, their money, who's hanging back tojump in and steal the kill, who's flinging an all out assault. It'sextremely enthralling and keeps you on your toes throughout eachand every game, you even start to get some of, what I like to call,the mario party aspect. You start resenting and shouting at yourfriends. ""WHY DID YOU HAVE TO FIGHT THE BOSS, IT'S OUR LAST TRY!?""""DAMMIT I WAS GONNA BUY THAT WEAPON!"" etc, etc.Crawl is a great game not only in multiplayer with your friendsbut even in single player, with advanced and clever AI thatseem to know what you'll try before you try it (although theydo get caught on boxes sometimes) making even single playerquests an exciting experience.I've been playing on off since release and even I still haven'tunlocked everything which means there is a lot in this game toobtain and because it's still being built even MORE will be added.I hope you consider Crawl as the multiplayer experience of the yearand buy yourself something fun and exciting.With some frogs, demons and just a dash of Lovecraftian horrorCrawl is a great game that deserves your time."
,Recommended,293780,11605219,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,sevrl bats,"Get it! Go! Now! Take it! Have it! Love it!Crawl's a short-session action roguelike. It takes thirty minutes or so to play a single round, and win or lose, you'll net new unlocks to change up future crawls. Fast-paced and capable of hammering home a gloriously tooth-grinding need to win, even just against the AI bots, Crawl is exactly what it looked like in that first video that took us all by storm months ago (and if you haven't seen that, watch it at once, it's on this very page).Most impressive is the game's catchup mechanics. Each player has three tracks of monsters that they level up from lowly worms into terrible dragons, from cackling skeletons into...whatever that giant goddamn black knight thing is, seriously, he's worryingly huge. The ""Vitae"" these upgrades require is earned when your -opponents- level up. That's right: The further ahead one player's human shape gets, the nastier the beasts he'll find himself facing, and those who've been struggling will have the most worrying monsters of all. I was a little unclear on how the game decided what tier to spawn you at, but it seems to have a similar catchup mentality (I saw an AI who was wayyy behind the rest of us spawn as a top-tier dragon twice in a row).It does a lot to keep the humanity ball passing around. After reaching level ten (which is not the cap, if there is one), that player, when human, can use one of the portals scattered around the dungeon to take on the boss. If he loses, he's ejected, but gets to stay human (if a human at terrifyingly low life). The game can't drag on forever, though: The third time the boss is engaged (by any player) the portal explodes in a totally metal portal explosion. Defeat of the human player now means the end of the game, a consolation prize for the ghosts and absolute devouring of the foolish human who'd tested his might and failed.It all comes together really well. The joyful rage of getting your killing blows on the human stolen by an UNWORTHY GHOSTLY ALLY who hadn't contributed much is palpable, and the satisfaction at pulling apart the creatures as a human and getting your big, glitzy retro levelup effects is real. Both modes of play are fun, which is probably the key factor here--dying sucks, but hey, on the other hand, now you get to be a giant ♥♥♥♥off black knight and make your friends bleed. And that blood spilled when playing as a monster gets saved up, to be converted into gold when you next find yourself human. There's never a lazy moment: It's constantly important that you be pummeling your friends (or computers).There's an almost infinite amount that could be done with this game. Items could be added forever. Alternate bosses, more sets of monsters to pick from, hideous new traps, diversified level pallettes--the paging space is almost numbing. So buy this game! Encourage our antipodean friends to make more out of it!"
,Recommended,293780,11605382,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Crow Knight,"Highly recommended!I expected this to be a very casual game when looking at the description, boy was I wrong (And loving it!)Crawl gives you a very nice and expansive Roguelike to play around with and it lets you do it with your friends (Competetively!)I was expecting it to be very basic in terms of features but to my pleasant surprise it does have a lot of different weapons and monsters as well as a lot to unlock (At the time of writing this I have not unlocked everything although I have found a number of different types of unlocks)In short : Crawl is a kickass dungeon crawler that offers a lot of depth and an extreme amount of fun when  paired up with a couple of buddies on the couch9/10!"
,Recommended,293780,11606320,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Han-Tyumi,Great Game and Only In Early Access!?Crawl is by far the best local-coop experience I've had with my friends. Even without friends the AI was surprisingly challenging. Can't wait to see more bosses and more unlocks!
76561198058391504,Recommended,293780,11606714,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,InvisFrames,"After one sitting with this game. I have found that it is, awesome. Honestly get this game. Maybe its the music, maybe its the incredible pixle graphics. but regardless of what you favor this game is just awesome. There is nothing better than regaining your humanity, it makes you feel just awesome. So buy this game. Now."
76561198029221191,Recommended,293780,11606950,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The Good,"Hello potential costumer, this is a review of the game crawl.Here is a list of things to consider before buying this:- Are you into retro/8Bit/16bit stuff?- Do you have friends to play this game with (offline)?- Are you in possesion of enough controllers, preferable the ones from the Xbox 360 ?If all the 3 things apply to you and you dont borther with losing your friends after playing one round or two as  you WILL inevitably rub your gigantic nerdboner errection that you´ll get from playing this absolute masterpice of art into the faces of your friends becouse you just DOMINATED THEM WITH A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 360 NONSCOPE SKELLETONARROW TO THE NUTS,umm.... where was i going with this yes, buy the game.Its a hell lot of fun, even for an early acces. The game mechanic and design is just wonderfully put together and work realy well even in this stage of the game.There is a lack of content, you realy have to say that, but content is just a thing to be patched in and nothing of consern when the artstyle, the music, mechanics and gamedesign are allready perfect.In my 2 hours of playing i also only encountered one singel bug, impressing.You may not play this game for more then say 2 or 3 rounds in a row (one round is a bit longer then 30 minutes) but its still worth the 10 bucks as you and your friends will be drawn back to it.Besides, this game looks, feels and sounds just AMAZING.One final thing to the developers (maybe they are reading this) , the solution for not having a minimap as there is allready so mutch going on UI wise is absolutely genious, why have i never seen this before in any dungeonCRAWLer? Realy well done.You allways know exactly where you are and where to go, the problem is that this doesnt realy allow for bigger complex or maze like dungeons but thats allright in my books as this game is more focused on the multiplayer aspect."
76561197993489018,Recommended,293780,18104655,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,jackmoma64,"One of the best 4 player couch Co-op games i've ever played! There's nothing better than screwing your friends over, fighting for mortality. The graphics and sounds compliment eachother very well and it truly feels like an old school arcade game. Can't wait to play more and see the future updates.If you wanna see the 4 player in action please come visit me athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YjHDFJRB1A"
76561198081883606,Recommended,293780,18243914,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ajax,"Can't recomend the game enough. The game is updated every few months providing plenty of time to test out the new additions and get used to the tweaks. The devs are active in the steam forums and are VERY open to discussion and reccomendations.gameplay:one player (chosen at random) controls the hero at the start, the other players are ghosts that control the monsters and traps.dungeons are randomly generated and each room has a minimum pentagram(monster spawn point) equal to the number of players controlling ghosts.each player has 3 monsters based on the god you choose to worship.god can also provide a bonus to your hero character.evolve monsters by damaging or effecting the hero.branching monster evolution tree. While they are fairly limited there is still a large selection and every combination is possible.definitely more fun with people but single player against AI is fun as well.really the only negative is that when playing with 4 people it is possible for one player to be underleveled in one form or the other.if the other 3 players are the only ones getting a chance at being the hero then the 4th player has higher level monsters but the lowest level hero fighting the higher level monsters. granted they will gain xp for killing the hero (which is usually enough for a 1-4 level up). the player would at this point have a massive stockpile of gold (also gained from harming the hero) and can purchase a large amount of upgrades provided they can find the store on that floor.finding the store isnt dificult because the doors are marked with a red stairs (end of floor) blue portal (boss aka how to win the game) an anvil (shop) or a ? if an area is unexplored.ranged weapons have been fixed from earlier versions where they were clunky but are now much smoother to use.bosses: there are 2 bossesa 3 headed hydra where each player controls a headand a squid monster where one player controls the eye and the other 2 control tentacles.great party game"
76561198094341582,Recommended,293780,18167420,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Baby Echidna,"I don't often leave reviews for games, but for this one i will have to make an exception. Without a doubt this is my favorite game of the last year. It is easy to pick up and hard to master. The gameplay feels so beautifully intuitive and the addicting gameplay and soundtrack leaves me craving for more. It is one of the most perfectly designed retro-themed games ever and i have spent many nights (with and without friends over) going floor after floor on a quest to beat and unlock everything this game has to offer. I cannot put in words how truly fantastic this game is, and to whovever reads this, please do yourself a favor and buy the game. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,293780,18194161,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,bread,"If I where to describe this game in one word it would be ""Epic!"" Crawl is a insanely entertaining game with loads of things to explain. So I'll jump right into it. Crawl is a really fun game especailly when playing with freinds, and even if you are forever alone. Its still pretty fun ( But not for long. ) Anyway I am getting way off track here. In Crawl you either play as the human, who travels through a massive dungeon collecting gold and XP and buying tons of new weapons and sub-weapons which brings you to the final show down. With either a three-headed dragon or some weird chubby alein thing. However playing the human wont be easy because your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ freinds. ( Or CPU's. ) will be playing as ghosts trying to beat every last clump of living poo out of you. As a ghost you can posses traps to make them attack the human, which is supprisingly effective. Or you can go the more aggresive and entertaining way. Turning into a monster. Playing as the bad guy never felt so good but you wont be laughing for long, because if you are the one to deliver the finishing blow to the puny mortal. You basicly switch spots with the person you killed, so now they get to have ajolly old time chasing you around. Putting twice as much stress on you, however if you the human become level 10 and defeat the final boss. Then you unlock new stuff and earn bragging rights. So yeah... I would recomend it!"
76561198117512230,Recommended,293780,12261478,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,shadowmaw1,"This is legitamately the best game ever. It's mechanics are solid, the gameplay is smooth and tremendously fun, and with the coming updates it's only gonna get better."
,Recommended,293780,13893090,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,fruit punch liker,"A wonderful couch multiplayer game. Endlessly replayable, and every game is different."
,Recommended,293780,13894473,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,La Berzingue,it's time for an update...
,Recommended,293780,13887932,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Floog,"If you gave the Legend of Zelda franchise to an excellent indie developer that wanted to make it into a 2D dungeon crawling 4-player party game, the end result would probably be something like Crawl. This is afantasticgame that more people should play. Despite being in Early Access, this game is incredibly polished and has a decent amount of content. Buy this game, get some friends, and play this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,293780,13467947,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bolognabong,"WARNING!: COMPLETELY EXPLANATORY, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS!If this game had existed on the SNES or the Genesis or even Personal Computers in 1995, I'm not sure anyone would have played any other game.The concept is truly original. Up to four players can play at a time. 1-3 play as the spirits inhabiting the dungeon, and they attempt to destroy the Hero who is trying to conquer the dungeon by controlling traps and summoning monsters. The more blood from the Hero that each spirit spills, the more they can offer to the gods in exchange for gold. Once the Hero is defeated, the spirit who delivered the killing blow now takes his place. The new Hero can take all the blood spilled from the old hero as an offering and receive gold which can buy new items like weapons, spell tomes, potions, armor, and charms. This essentially leads to a race for level 10 as the Hero. However, at the end of each floor, for each level the Hero has risen, the spirits are given points to level their monsters. Whom ever can level their hero form to 10 can open the portal to the final boss, Kurok. Kurok can be controlled by all three spirit players simultaneously, and will provide and extreme challenge to the Hero with weapons like toxic sludge, trap bubbles, and a humongous eye laser. Each run of the game, no matter who attempts to defeat Kurok, there can only be three attempts to defeat Kurok before he unleashes his wrath upon the world. If all three attempts fail, Kurok will break lose, and all players lose. The lowest scoring player of the game has their in-game profile permanently erased.Whilst I still have not unlocked every God in the game, this has become my favorite party game ever. When you find yourself smiling at the person who is playing Hero, saying to them ""I'm definitely going to kill you"", it creates a special moment. This game has created the most friendly gamer rivalry I have ever experienced. The localized experience that the players get is absolutely incredible. It does not take long to understand how the game works. Then, after about 8 hours of  play, the participants can still find themselves discovering new items popping up in the blacksmith shop.I still find this game incredible, and I've recommended it to many friends. We all agree, it creates the best and most friendly kind of game rivalry we have ever experienced."
,Recommended,293780,13934212,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ginga,"The game of the gods.  For one, the resurgence of this style of graphics in video games is the best thing ever so this game is already the most beautiful thing I've seen in a long time (I'm very picky you see).  On top of that you have super fast pick it up action where every is involved all the time!?  This game is so charming and so are the developers.  I'm still getting to know them but they are pretty involved with the community playing this game and are very open to the ways in which they are expanding this.  This game is going places and is already a fantastic game even to play on your own, much more once it really gets going!Easy game, easy controls mixed just right to provide you with amazing chaos and in depth complicated anger and compitition!  Who cares who wins when you get to unlock awesome loot and do it all again in the next ten minutes!"
76561198054014715,Recommended,293780,13722392,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheFAT Penguin,"crawl is pretty much one of the few games ive seen that lets you play as the bad guys aside from dungeon land, as soon as i saw the trailer for this game i KNEW i had to have it, in this game there is 1 hero and 1 to 3 other players as the monsters, the hero's main goal is to servive against the other 1 to 3 monsters and try to defeat the final boss at the end and how do you do that? you get gold so you can upgrade yourself and make yourself a fighting machine, the monsters main goal is to try and stop the hero from doing any of his goals by transforming into monsters and despenceing slimes for the hero to fight, and if a monster kills the hero, the monster who killed the hero becomes the hero and try's to do what the previous hero was doing, and as for the killed hero, he becomes a monster and trys's to stop the new hero by doing everything the monsters do, all in all the main goal for the hero is to kill the final boss to win as the hero, and what if your one of the monsters when the hero gets to the final boss, the monsters ARE the final boss controlling all of his different limbs, however thats not to say this game doesnt have down sides like for instants the lack of online multiplayer, yes there is local multi player but it would be so much easier if there was online multiplayer, also it takes WAY to long to unlock any new gods, and gods basicly decides what monsters you can transform into when you are playing as the monsters, but aside from that there is really not much else that deturns me from this game, there are minor things to me like the AI rushing the final boss once they reach lvl 10, but aside from that there isnt much else, id recommend giveing it a shot, thanks for takeing the time to read this and have fun"
,Recommended,293780,13916099,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,A Boundless Set Of Possibilities,"Incredibly fun Local Co-op, I would not reccomend it if you don't have friends you can play it with nearbyAs of right now, it's best on short doses, as it does get a bit repetitive sometimes. The quality of the game varies wildly on who you're playing with, and players left behind may not have much fun.However, this game is entirely worth it. The game's idea is excecuted wonderfully, the controls are tight and the monsters species are varied, if a bit unbalanced as of this update. Still, it's got quite a bit of content with more on the way."
,Recommended,293780,13858971,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Caesar,"Honestly I can think of very few games that match Crawl in the amount of outragous fun and competition for a couch coop experience. I have friends who crave another match of crawl, and will come over and demand that we at least get one game in. The semi cooperative competion playing as ghosts gathering goo, and the sheer challenge of trying to gain your humanity as the human. This is a non stop fun game and I highly reccomend to anyone who is looking for a local coop game."
76561198009355533,Recommended,293780,13868831,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DraterRepus,"This game is pure genius. It's incredibly fun to play, the controls are excellent, the variety of items and monsters are amazing, and I've only scratched the surface so far! I know the devs aren't sure about online multiplayer, but if they added it this game would be a must have."
,Recommended,293780,13846160,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MoeBoy76,as it is the game doesn't have a whole lot but what it does have is pretty great. Pretty excited for the next update and all future ones
76561198052598165,Recommended,293780,14057616,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,anc-301,awesome game with very interesting multiplayer! :)
76561198028969627,Recommended,293780,14051397,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Pihliz,Most likely the best local coop in steam. Totally worth of your money
76561198051141357,Recommended,293780,14468928,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Attic Ghost,This game is really fun and diverse.
,Recommended,293780,14425315,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,number one crab,"Crawl is a fun and unique local multiplayer experience.  In short, it's a king-of-the-hill style dungeon crawler, with players constantly swapping roles as either the plucky hero or one of the three ghosts attempting to take them down.  The way that the ghosts team up against the human is best described as ""formalized trolling.""The asymmetry of play helps to keep the game fresh, as well as make differences in skill less pivotal in one's ability to enjoy the game.  While the graphics are blocky (unsurprising coming from a two-person team), the animations are superb."
,Recommended,293780,14588693,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Conrad,Very good and fun game. Good for a group of friends to just sit on the couch and play together or play alone with some computers.
,Recommended,293780,20236627,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,OldtimerZA,Really unique and enjoyable game. Best played with as many players as possible.
76561198028920766,Recommended,293780,20209257,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EVOL,I love the concept of the game. However I find the graphics really crappy. I understand it's the style the game is going for but I think if it was even a little better looking it would be more enjoyable. Text is very hard to read and everything is just hard to figure out what it's suppose to be. However graphics gripe aside it has solid gameplay that I really enjoy.
,Recommended,293780,20207654,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Scrubmaster Swag,"Crawl is a retro 8 bit pixel throwback with quite a gameplay twist.The controls on gamepads are very simple, being the traditional A=attack and B=special, like a true child of the '80s. The gameplay is superb, though a bit tricky to get used to at first. (But hey, they're doing something new, so it will take a little bit of getting used to).The ability of the player mobs to spawn on pentagrams is well thought out, but they also have the ability to take control of traps to further inhibit the Dungeoneer. This can become a bit of a cluster♥♥♥♥ if you have 3 enemy players, as some of the rooms are very small in regards to the amount of anti-hero objects in them.The leveling up features seem pretty smooth, as well as the Wrath mechanics, and the shop. The Boss pentagram that appears on each level (accessible at lvl 10) sends you to a room where you battle one of many huge bosses. This can feel a bit like an attack-spam sometimes, but only if you are significantly prepared for the boss through the purchase of upgrades. It does still feel like a retro boss battle.Overall I would give Crawl an 8/10They are bringing something new and interesting to the table in the form of something familiar. It is a great game to play  alone, or with friends, and it's a great excuse to cuss your friends out when they booby trap kill you before the final room."
76561197995810475,Recommended,293780,20265082,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gammaslam,"Great Art. Great Gameplay.Wish it had online co op, but with how small their team is it's amazing it's already this polished and has the features it has.Buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,293780,20190967,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheLaw,Fun with friendsr8 it 11/GLUB GLUBB GLUB!!!
,Recommended,293780,20183212,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CoolDad,Really great game packed with action.Love it
,Recommended,293780,20342584,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Viral Tyrant,love this game can't wait for updates I'm telling everyone to get it to fuel their funds to add more to the game
76561198111039144,Recommended,293780,20426057,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Manithro,"All I have to say is that within a few days of buying this game, I've had over 10 hours of fun playing with my friends. This is a unique local multiplayer game to have for parties or just when you want to play games with someone other than yourself. You don't need controllers, since you can play up to 4-player with just one keyboard and mouse (though it does get tight on the keyboard if you only have 1). Just buy this game. Now."
76561198086955620,Recommended,293780,19497680,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,*Moist Mouth Noises*,"as somone with what is most likely the worst pc of all time i could run this very well, also the cthulu flashes you as an attack.300/5"
76561198090922672,Recommended,293780,19518852,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dingusboy,skeletons are scary and spooky 10/10
76561198151337806,Recommended,293780,19442000,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Aphos,really good game
,Recommended,293780,19666706,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Guytheother,Character doesn't crawl so that is kind of a bummer but it is fun
76561198252157802,Recommended,293780,19666711,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,windigoman2,"This game is amazing! The game is super unique, everything runs fast, and there are no glitches!"
,Recommended,293780,19645123,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,oxfordconsise,Hardcore spoopy ghost action with skeletons and people and slugs and tentai and dragons and giants and swords and traps and good music and♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy it.
,Recommended,293780,19624838,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Waldo,you should get this game it is very fun and a thing they should add is local (lan) and internet multiplayer
,Recommended,293780,19579050,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Tancuras,"There's not much about this game that hasn't already been said. Everything currently in the game is extremely tight, polished, well-balanced and incredibly fun. I only have a few gripes.Play if you're looking for:Local MP with some beers and some buds.Polished dungeon crawling with excellent controls.Competition.Monster evolution.A game where you get to be the bad guys/bosses.Don't play if you:Have no local friends to play with.Don't have a controller.Don't like pixel games.As I have said, everything in the game is amazing. The only problem I have is what's NOT in the game. For this to really hit just the right spot, it really only needs more content. The developers are releasing updates every several weeks, however, so this shouldn't be a problem for long. I would personally like to see more than one boss, as there is only a single one right now.In time, I would also like to see the life of the game sessions expanded a bit. I'm certain it's a lot more fun with a full party, but if your game consists of only two players it is over quite quickly. The monster evolution trees can be fairly short and the requirement to unlock the boss is easy to attain. I would like to see an option wherein you can increase the level required to access the boss.The mouse and keyboard controls are also terrible independently. You can either pick the keyboard or the mouse, but not both. An option to combine these two would solve the problem (WASD to move, mouse to attack)."
,Recommended,293780,30645238,Posted: 20 March,all,Roflcakes Internet,without a doubt one of the best dungeon crawlers iv played in a long long timeinfinitely more fun with friends or family and easy to learn for grandpacant wait to see this officially release and actually be in local arcades
76561198044732714,Recommended,293780,20010387,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tgra957,10/10 Great job overall.  Very fun and is a great game to play with friends.  I would suggest this game to everyone.This game has the perfect balance between competative and casual with its skill cap and controlled randomness.  Even as a single player game it is really well done as the AI's are smart but still able to beaten.I can't wait for future updates and a possible online multiplayer (I realize that would take a lot of work to add so might be a long time before that happens if ever).It also feels like a game you would play in an arcade and I could see it being the most popular arcade game there.The only improvements I could see from a user's point of view would be possible better explainations when playing as a ghost/monster.
76561197972292549,Recommended,293780,20053946,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,McBern,best local multiplayer game ever
,Recommended,293780,19939733,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Moejoejin v0.2,Dungeon crawler where one player is the hero and the other players are the monsters and traps.New things are still being added but it's already a pretty fun game so far.
,Recommended,293780,12439492,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,d3monshadow,"Crawl is one of the best games i have played in a long time.It has a great concept and opens a door to new game types.It has an awesome graphic style combined with the awesome sound makes this game so fun to play.I will be looking forward to future updates but for now this game is simply amazing.9.5/10 amazing game, i highly recommend you play."
,Recommended,293780,12459650,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Zomboy,One of the most addicting games I have ever played!I suggest anyone who likes old dungeon crawlers with an interesting twist
76561198063866849,Recommended,293780,12432512,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chibbix,"A hectic rouge brawler where you and your friends team up against and take turns playing as the hero who gets jacked by whomever kills him. just on paper the idea sounds amazing and the game definatly doesn't dissapoint; especially for being an early access title. the game has good AI and is fun alone but playing it as a party game is one of the funnest gaming experiences i had since i was a kid.It doesn't currently have online multiplayer but im sure it will come with a patch one day. the developers for the game seem very commited to it and just released a new patch adding tons of new content. I'm very excited to see where this game is going and have high hopes and dreams in my head of diffrent bosses, diffrent themes, more music, all of which is already in is great of course. but this game gave me a very fresh gaming experience and hope this game gets popular. plus for ten dollars its a steal."
,Recommended,293780,12435656,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mayor Ignaeon,"This Is one of the greatest games I have ever played. It doesn't matter if you're the hero or a monster, you will be enjoying this multiplayer competetive rogue-like dungeoncrawller. Provided you can meet with the people to play it, of course."
76561197974722708,Recommended,293780,12614137,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Casper,"I was fortunate enough to be able to play this for the first time with 4 players on a giant projector.  We all had a blast.  The game mechanics are easy to pick up because they draw upon existing games.  However, the multi-player support and RPG elements are truly unique.  Love it!"
,Recommended,293780,12817117,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,dat ni🅱🅱️a whom'st'd've,"This game is fantastic. When you're the hero its a race to get to the portal while trying to survive. When you're among the phantoms its a competition and a team effort to kill the hero. It's crazy, its fun, its demonic and I LOVE IT. It is well worth the money. The game isn't even finished yet and its a master piece. GET IT.P.S. If you get the game, make your name HL3 for a nice little suprise :)"
,Recommended,293780,12867792,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ShoKill,Amazingly fun local multiplayer. Invite some friends over and enjoy. I love it!
76561198092112536,Recommended,293780,12680976,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Huffulufugus,"14/3 would banana again.But seriously though, It's a great game, just like The Binding Of Isaac, just with co-op (maybe online in the future!!!) and has a different challenge. If you like the Binding of Isaac, you might like this game too."
,Recommended,293780,12663399,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ProBoda,Steam needs more games like this. 4 Player local awesomeness.  Very polished for an unfinished game. Needs more depth and variation in monsters/levels/traps in the future.Very solid buy for controller playing steam users
,Recommended,293780,12834489,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BookishMatt,"This is a local multiplayer gem unlike many others; asymmetrical rotating 3v1 gameplay gives everyone a chance to shine and experience the thrill of being both the hero and the villain. Highly recommended.I covered it on my show, Fourplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEGugZoeonE&list=UUV6O19HPm0AZYjW99uKepog"
76561197982460110,Recommended,293780,12890786,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TANJustice,"So far, even in early access, this game is riotous fun.  Really amazing work, and a great sense of history and style.  Keep up the fantastic work Crawl devs! <3 <3 <3"
76561198137917697,Recommended,293780,12895401,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Krevan,"I find myself drawn to the dark and Lovecraftian backstory. Watch the tailers, the narrator (both voice and script) set the tone PERFECTLY. Play this game, alone or with friends. Everyone clustered around and out for blood is a blast, and I found myself smiling as I cursed my cruel friends for bleeding me like a stug pig. I grinned ear to ear thinking how that meat suit would soon be mine again. I'm reminded of the late-burning get togethers of my childhood. It WILL get more stuff, and what it has is awesome. 10/10 would've payed double the asking price."
76561198010511841,Recommended,293780,12962382,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Elyk,"If they can add online multiplayer, this will be the game of the year. Until then I must say only buy this if you have friends that you can bug constantly to come to your house to play with you."
,Recommended,293780,11711336,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,clnatr,"Great game, can't wait to pllay it with MORE friends in the same room.Gameplay using 4 wireles XBox 360 controllers, worked beautifully, the game even survived my laptop going to hibernate due to low battery - restarted and Crawl was waiting at the menu to resume."
76561198072129036,Recommended,293780,11715942,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,CROOOOOW,Defiantly worth your money especially at only ten dollars the controls are very smooth the balancing is excellent and the monsters are fun to play if you have people over regularly I would suggest this game to you and it’s in early access they are only going to improve and mold the game to the feedback of the players to make it even better
76561198031451027,Recommended,293780,11691554,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bullet Bishop,fun! can't wait for online play
,Recommended,293780,11705772,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Def Not Tea,"This game is a gorey masterpiece. It's quick and even better with friends. The controls can be customize for your liking, although I like the controls given.Monsters are fun to play as even though you have to unlock them by beating or losing the game. You also can unlock new spells, weapons, and items.All together, I love this game."
76561198081403861,Recommended,293780,11705890,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,slightlybraindead,"Despite being an early access game Crawl feels delightfuly complete. This game is the best muti-player dungeon crawler I have played in ages, perhaps the best I will ever play. Fighting and spiting your friends has never been this much fun, and struggling against bots provides just as much bloody enjoyment alone. Crawl never plays out the same way twice and contantly reveals new content every time you finish a game. I cannot recomend Crawl enough."
76561198025798742,Recommended,293780,11708609,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,oppopaz21,"Awesome game. I have only been able to play single player so far, but it is still a blast. Replay value is ridiculous in that every playthrough unlocks new items, and every game is different. I have only actually won twice, but it is still great fun. i cannot wait for all the updated bosses, but right now get onto the ground floor for 10 bucks and then get awesome new content when it becomes available."
76561198077877670,Recommended,293780,11696534,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mr. Rollback,This game is indescribably awsome. Everyone MUST play it!
76561198101769942,Recommended,293780,22308781,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Metamaster64,This game is quite fun! definetly needs more attention.
,Recommended,293780,22346637,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"Crawl is without a doubt, one of the most fun couch-coop/hate machines I've ever played.It's like NFL Blitz for N64, except that I don't get stabbed with an N64 Controller.Here is what you need to know:The devs WANT online multiplayer, but they haven't started, and have expressed how very difficult good netcode is for a game like this with a dev staff of only 2 nice gentlemen. It's not available now, and may not be for a while!Single player with bots is possible, and pretty fun, but bots are pretty bad at bosses, even on max AI setting. They are also great at kill stealing and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥1v1 isn't super fun, but doable with bots. if you have TWO friends who'll play with you, or THREE, you're set to have an absolutely excellent time.If the gameplay looks fun to you though, you should buy it, even if you can't force your friends to play."
,Recommended,293780,21679284,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PringDing,A local multiplayer dungeon crawler that is very fun and enjoyable.
,Recommended,293780,21536718,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tihu,worth the $10 for only early access it is EPIC!
76561197999429600,Recommended,293780,21538449,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Dracokhi,"Excellent game. Fresh ideas, pleanty of playstyles and great controller/keyboard support.My friends and I immediatly fell in love.all in all 10/10"
,Recommended,293780,21547469,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Big Head Zach,"* Delightfully antagonistic without being punitive - you always feel you can come back (and couch-based revenge is sweet)* Engages everyone at all times even when you're not the hero* Can be customized to suit varying skill levels and playstyles* Roguelike level design and randomness of item generation means strategies must remain dynamic* Alex Yoder's blippy-virtuoso soundtrack keeps your heart pounding as you fight tooth and claw to regain your freedom* Challenge mode gives you a great way to learn and practice each monster's playstyle* Powerhoof's choice of art style and ""possessed glitchiness"" leaves you with a splinter of dread & creep in your mind even after you finish playing* Great for decompressing after attending Sunday church services ;)* Among the most ""feels feature-complete"" Early Access titles I've played in a long time! (And they're still adding more!)"
76561198219424963,Recommended,293780,21667155,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,its jeppy,It's really fun! I like the premise of this game.
,Recommended,293780,21655010,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Another masterful 4 player couch co-op indie game on steam. Hook up 4 controllers, get steam running on a tv and drink some beers. Have a blast!"
76561198039149292,Recommended,293780,21595323,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,keptmedal,awesome
76561198068203658,Recommended,293780,21619134,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,1ntrinsiK,WHEN WILL THIS GAME BE ONLINE MULTIPLAYER THAT WOULD BE AMAZING I HAVE BARELY ANY FRIENDS
,Recommended,293780,21600836,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,thetwistedkris,"I've had this game since it was first brought to steam, and I have to say this dev's commitment to the game they brought is amazing. Each and every time I played with friends, we had a blast. This is by far one of the most enjoyable 4 player co-op game I have ever played. The experience is its own and the games can have many surprises. The only down side is you need up to 3 friends to play with to fully enjoy it."
76561198066776627,Recommended,293780,13099465,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hypertripp,"I saw the trailer for this game a year or to ago on chezeburger and I knew this this game would be monster stabingly amasing. Killing time on your own or with frends this game can do it, after all you only need one copy of the game and keybord (or a mouse) for up to four pepole to play. Unlocks to keep you playing and storys and jokes with your frends like my favrots the choclate chathu crismas old fart guy and the dim knight."
76561198082133339,Recommended,293780,21844696,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,"Crawl is an awesome couch co-op dungeon crawler with a twist. For now, being in Early Access, there isn't a hell of a lot of content, but it is incredibly fun to play with a friend, and I can't wait to see what the developers add to the game. IF YOU ARE GETTING THIS GAME FOR SINGLEPLAYER and have no intention of playing the multiplayer (which for now is only local), don't bother."
,Recommended,293780,21849565,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Chawlez,Who needs friends.....
76561198066907955,Recommended,293780,21725795,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/sinadris,Fairly fun and straightforward game. My only compaint was being unable to stop and fire in the direction I was aiming.
76561198037159222,Recommended,293780,22097512,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,RxLynx,I turned into a little girl and beat up my friend 10/10
76561198154567521,Recommended,293780,22068581,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,B-B-Baka cs.money,This game has a great concept and is super fun
76561198125802796,Recommended,293780,22073829,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,1132Ace,"This game is a masterpiece, the only problem with it is that it has no online multiplayer. The devs are thinking about changing it once it comes out of early access though.And the soundtrack is fantastic."
,Recommended,293780,21987390,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"Other reviewer said ""just buy it."" I did. 5/7 perfect game."
76561198055885806,Recommended,293780,21993499,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TheRussianDokter,I love this game i spent 7 hours straight playing it with my friends in the same room all cramped on one little couch.  I extremely recomend this game for anyone especially those who have very competitive friends.  I only played with 3 people and it was just the craziest i got good at the human they got amazing at the monsters over all its just a great game.
76561198114135728,Recommended,293780,11595358,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Grunko Tumbus,"I have never been more upset in any other game to have my kill stolen from me, whilst my friend wears a mighty smirk across his face."
76561198057424193,Recommended,293780,11596427,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DJkid231,"I currently have been playing this by my self with the amazing and smart AI. This game is really fun and I can't wat to play it with my friends because I know they will love it. Also for 10 dollars you are getting a lot. Can't wait to see what to see the next unlockable and I can't wait to see the updates they will have for this game.This game just really needs online mode. All in all, this has to be one of my top 10 steam games."
76561197968341066,Recommended,293780,11596718,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Bishop in the Church of Zombies,"I bought this game right when it released on steam early access and I must say its a blast! The four player competative gameplay works great for experience and novice gamers alike. Even if you struggle to dominate you're still part of the fun! The game keeps everyone intertained and bursting out in laughter happens regularly while playing Crawl. I can def. recommend this game to anyone with an xbox receiver for PC, 4 controllers and a HDMI setup for their TV. The game runs well on my small laptop so it does not require any fancy setup and it will provide tons of fun."
76561198004629373,Recommended,293780,11597354,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,KabooterPidgeon,Fantastic couch multiplayer with great gameplay ideas and execution. Can only say good things.
,Recommended,293780,11598333,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Bestoc,Great fun with a really innovative and unique pull. Great in it's early build.
76561198062898644,Recommended,293780,11601471,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Enormous_Rat,"There is not a lot of hope in local multiplayer in these days, everything turning to online multiplayer but it seem some havent forget its the best way to play video-games. Crawl is a fantastic game for playing with friends, the gameplay mecanics are unique and fun, the musics are great and the animation/pixel art is really good. Playing this game with friend worth all the AAA titles from the past years for a very small price. Reccomend it for everyone! Powerhoof is an awesome studio, giving news and presence on social media since the greenlight trailer, awesome work!"
76561197972691970,Recommended,293780,11608482,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Driftus_Of_Death,"Minus the lack of online play, I could see this holding me over for a long time as long as they add new gods and toys to play with.  Do keep in mind they're only two men ;P    Keep up the amzing work guys!"
,Recommended,293780,11644319,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LeetLeaf,By far the best co-op dungeon crawler. The game is very well balanced between the human and the ghosts. 10/10
,Recommended,293780,11644463,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Goast,"Awesome, I love couch co-op games and this game is a great addition. Can't wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,293780,11645075,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,brendensherman,Great to play with friends.AI seem to know where everything is with ease.Have finally unlocked everything I think but would like to see a variation of bosses and a higher level to attain access.
,Recommended,293780,11652101,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Ultrapathy,"Extremely unique take on dungeon crawler, highly recommended."
,Recommended,293780,11652396,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Glordu,"love it! played yesterday with friends, lots of laughs, totally worth it"
,Recommended,293780,11652595,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,suisieg,Super fun. Always keen to play when friends are over. Can't wait to see it evolve through early access.
76561198046214655,Recommended,293780,11611668,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ultra_knifemare,"this game is Awesome!!! If they add online multiplayer it would be sick, ♥♥♥♥ yall, check it out its only 10$ and thats less than a meal at Applebees and way more entertaining, I dont care if its happy hour and you get half price apps!"
,Recommended,293780,11614027,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dastorn,"Very unique local party game, and it's an awesome concept. Can't wait for updates!"
,Recommended,293780,11625366,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Geritz,This is a great game for couch co-op. May ruin a few friendships. Get it!
,Recommended,293780,11625474,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ShawnMcCool,"Here's a multi-part review discussing how the game works and then information about how my kids of various ages interact with the game.-- How it Works --The game is gorgeous and we all really love how it looks and sounds.Up to 4 players play locally (2 minimum). 1 person plays as a human, the other 3 play as ghosts. The human is seeking gold and experience. Once the human grows up to experience level 10, they make go into a special realm and fight a final end-boss. If they win against the boss, they are the dungeon survivor.The ghosts, on the other hand fly around grabbing orbs. Once they collect enough orbs they're able to drop simple slime monsters into the map. If ANY monster is in a room, then the doors lock and the human must slay them. In some rooms the ghosts may be able to use Monster Symbols to take control of a larger monster and directly fight against the human. In some rooms, the ghosts can possess traps and trigger them against the human. If a ghost kills the human, they come into the game as the human and the dead player returns as a ghost.Here and there you'll find a shop where you can upgrade your spells, weapons, or passive abilities.The entire purpose of the game is to play as a human long enough to get to level 10, then escape the dungeon by killing the boss.What's really fun, is that you only get 1 chance to fight a boss monster per dungeon floor. If you fail, or are not a high enough level, then you most descend further into the dungeon before you can try again. Between each floor in the dungeon, the players can exchange the power they've gained (granted when the human levels up) to evolve their selections of monsters, to effectively increase the difficulty of the next floor of the dungeon.This is definitely a lot of fun.The final boss is a large beast that 3-players can take control of simultaneously against the human. If the players are on point, it's VERY HARD.With only a few players, this game is very very simple. With 4-players actually trying to do a good job, the game is hectic and REALLY shines.-- Family --My 4-year old is a little unsure of the exact goals. But, she does like possessing items in the maps.  But, she gets tired of the game after 1 run-through.The 9-year old has it all figured out and she does a great job.We really like playing this game 4-player as a family. The 4-year old gets a BIT distracted sometimes. But, overall she's ok. I definitely had to take her through the game a few times 2-player with the explicit purpose of showing her around before she could understand it.-- Overall --I can't wait till they add more boss types and dungeon diversity. This game has fantastic style and I trust these developers to make the right decisions for the game."
,Recommended,293780,11626838,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Belfort,"In the 30 minutes I have played this game with A.I., its already made up the $10 in terms of enjoyment.I cant wait to see this epic game progress even futher.Even in Early access I can see many more hours with friends raging over this game.Thanks for being awesome devs ;)"
76561198041257767,Recommended,293780,11619622,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Empereaux,"Kicked snail-beasts into a boss monster's face, causing his brain to fall out. I then procceeded to smack his brain with a sharp stick.10/10"
76561198027275742,Recommended,293780,11588590,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MinkVanEarth,"I've been hyped ever since the Greenlight trailer, and the game does not disappoint! Also, best Early Access experience I've had so far. The game is ready to go, fun as-is, and will probably claim many hours from my friends and I. And it will only get better and better as the developers add more to it.Support this - we need more like this."
,Recommended,293780,11589691,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SnB | Darclite,"Absolutely fantastic game that harks back to days of old where you and a few mates huddled around one singular TV set clutching an assortment of third party controllers in your sweaty palms, hoping to lay the proverbial smack-down on your enemies.Excellent levelling progression with trinkets and upgrades galore plus a quite innovative 'evolve your monsters' section between dungeon floors allowing you to improve your dungeon master style bestiary as the hero acquires sharper, more pointier implements of death from the blacksmith.I would love to see a proper over the internet multi-player feature added in the distant future as it would put the final gem in the crown of this great game. Until then I guess I'll have to dig out all the old third party controllers and my mates...wherever they are haha!"
76561197995814054,Recommended,293780,11591608,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,We're in it now,"Can't wait for more updates. This game is so much fun, hands down!"
,Recommended,293780,11592069,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,WhiteLikeMe,"Some people are afraid of what they might find if they try to analyze themselves too much, but you have to CRAWL into your wounds to discover where your fears are. Once the bleeding starts, the cleansing can begin. - Tori AmosThis game is amazing. The amount of pixelated chaos, unlockables, and 3 v 1 beatdowns instantly made me a fan. My only qualm is that the game does not have an online multiplayer feature (yet?), but it more then makes up for it in its ability to immerse you into the adventures of a man against the world (or three friends who want to take his skin).When I first sat down to play the game I expected an early access game to have bugs and technical issues. I have not found one and its made my experience all the more enjoyable. The gameplay is fun and moves at a great pace, the fighting element is rather balanced between heroes and monsters, and the simplicity of the game makes it easy to understandand  and enjoyable for anyone to jump in and play.This game may seem like other dungeon diving games, but despite what the title says this game stands on its own two feet above the competition. Its a casual dungeon beat em up and this game has great potential if or when they decide to add on more to it.If you're looking for a game thats new, but feels like a classic this may be the one. Check out the trailers (which I've watched countless times), read more reviews, and watch gameplay to see if you'd enjoy it.I've been looking for a game I could just sit down, play, and have good fun with. Crawl plopped into my lap like a big fat answer."
,Recommended,293780,11742743,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Grackle Sniper,"totally freaking awesome!as soon as it gets online co-op, this game will be 10/10"
,Recommended,293780,11743750,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Josef,"Do you like dungeon crawlers? Do you have friends? Buy this game.No seriously. It's fast, it's fun, it's extremely satisfying, and it will easily keep you and your friends entertained for several afternoons. There's a lot worse things you could spend $10 on. Give this game your money."
76561198034176343,Recommended,293780,11744418,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,PandaGoLucky,"Thought it can be a lonesome crawl with the lack of online multiplayer, ""Crawl,"" even in Early Access form, is a goldmine of local multiplayer value that shouldn't be missed.In Crawl, you and 1-3 other players are all trapped in a dungeon guarded by a gargantuan monster. One of you will be a human fighter while the others are relegated to existing only as insubstantial phantoms. The hero is free to exlplore throughouth the dungeon, delving deeper into its catacombs as necessary to continue on in hopes of treasure, merchants, or a teleporter which can take the hero to the final boss room and either freedom or absolute destruction. As the hero moves from room to room, however, the phantom players can and will do everything they can to kill the hero, from possessing a variety of traps and summoning helper slimes to, most essentially, manifesting in the physical forms of any manner of beast from bear-trap summoning goblins to centaur archers to formidable gazer demons more than capable of slaying would-be-heroes. In the event that any phantom does kill the human opponent, they themselves will procure that player's humanity, spawinging as their own mortal fighter. This is the key pattern of the gameplay, with the hero being rewarded with experiencing points and the chance to purchase rare treasures from merchants nestled within the dungeon catacombs, while the phantoms are rewarded with stronger monsters and blood, which can later be turned into gold should they attain human form. The essential goal is to reach level 10 as the hero and, with the aid of an already impressive variety of unlockable weapons, potions, spells, and other items, reach the teleporter room instanced on each floor of the randomly generated dungeon and face the final boss in combat. The phantoms can possess parts of the boss's body to aid in the assault against the hero in an all-or-nothing battle. With victory, the hero is rewarded with freedom, but, should the hero be slain by his friends in his final assault, his name and likeness will forever be cast into ashes.This game is still a work in progress but is still an easy product to recommend because all of the fundamental features and gameplay mechanics are already quite functional, entertaining, and polished. The core gameplay of killing your friends and becoming stronger in doing so is well-polished and, a few Early Access hiccups aside (including a lack of variety as of the time of this review and a forgivable level of question of balance with certain elements) is absolutely addicting in it's fast-paced flow of action, chance, and reward.The game is themed well with what could be called a haunted-arcade vibe that keeps the visceral action light and helps the player appreciate the charming and beautifully rendered retro-style graphics. While the look could understandably be considered ""played-out"" to some extent, in the current indie environment, but the atmosphere cast over the room by the up-tempo horror-midi soundtrack is both appropriate and exceptional.With flawless controller support, easy-to-grasp yet hard-to-master brutal combat, quick 20-60 minute gameplay sessions and great mood I would absolutely recommend ""Crawl"" to any gamer who lives with other gamers or plays often with others in the same room. ""Crawl"" has no online support whatsoever and, while the bots are functional and helpful if you have less than 4 people, playing alone feels like more of an empty practice session at best. This game is just a blast with friends that you can easily show someone whose never played before a controller and play well into the night without becoming bored, and that's only with the content available as of this very early access build. For 9.99 I personally think that a better value is difficult to find, even here on Steam."
,Recommended,293780,11745061,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,[ICON_RES_CRAB] [ICON_RES_CRAB],"This is probably one of the most fun games I've ever played. Being a fan of both roguelike adventure games and oldschool 8 bit action and never being able to get my fill of either, this game stopped up the hole in my soul. Competitve game fan? This is totally for you. Friendships have almost been ruined. I've made my girlfriend's little brother rage quit several times  (claims Berserk is op, wants you to remove it. plz dont.) The huge amount of unlockables keeps me coming back for more. The variety in weapon animations, awesome/funny monsters (huge fan of the ""flash my tentacles from under my robes"" mind flayers :D) and interesting spell/item mechanics to keep everything spicy in the dungeon.I know this is the earliest version of early release, but I have a few polish suggestions for you guys.If you could add twin-stick movement support for game pads that would be awesome. As it is now there are specific advantages that mice have over keyboard/gamepad, and vice versa, namely a full 360 degree aim for  mouse players and  ease of movement for kb/gp. I suppose for some people without game pads it wouldn't be as fair, but I would just as well go out and buy two more so everyone at my pad can enjoy perfect aim and movement.Another thing, somewhat building off of the last suggestion is within the Kourok boss fight. Along the bottom of the screen to the left is a blind spot where, unless a mouse player is taking control of the eye beam, you cannot hit the challenger whatsoever. Perhaps you could add a scrolling left/right adjustment crosshair instead of the five direction spread for the eye beam? That way every section of the screen can be blasted with the beam.Besides that as of now, I don't have any complaints. I don't think balance is an issue seeing shops/levels/monster spawns are all random, and everyone has access to the same types of spells/items/weapons/monsters. It's a perfect balance of luck/skill that allows a player to excel if they perform well, but can still be thwarted with a bit of teamwork and quick thinking from the ghosts.I can't wait to see how you guys expand on the dungeon aesthetics, more colors/props/texture and whatnot. If I could give any suggestions/requests on this, I think it would be interesting to see the dungeon floors randomized like the Infinite Layers of the Abyss from Dungeons and Dragons Grayhawk cosmology. Instead of having the floor's identities set in stone, just have the decor and name reflect each other and randomly generated (ie, acid themed floor ""The Acrid Hive"" or flesh walls/floors ""Hall of Goosebumps."") Another roguelike game that has this element somewhat is a bullet hell  called Shoot First. Music reflecting the decor would be awesome too.And one last request.. please implement a monster that's like the Devil from Heroes of Might and Magic 3http://www.heroesofmightandmagic.com/heroes3/h3px/archdevil.gifThey are able to enter a burst of flame and teleport across the battle grid... maybe area damage when enter/exit the flames? The scythe would be awesome flavor too.Thanks for reading!~"
,Recommended,293780,20584851,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Haha Sand,Most fun couch multiplayer game ever made probably
76561198095057334,Recommended,293780,20621443,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,StrongFish,"Pros:- Super fun- Replayable- Multiplayer competitive madness- Gorgeous graphics- Great and simple controls- Tons of traps, rooms, statues (mini bosses), and monster varietiesThings that can be improved:- Could be more monsters- SHOULD BE WAY MORE BOSSES"
,Recommended,293780,20388062,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,KameHawk,"-Brother buys cursed shop-discounting item and turns into a frog.-I laugh at him for his foolishness.-He looks at me, croaks, and grins.-He buys everything in the store.-He does this for every level, while hopping around as a frog.-I throw my own verbal curses at him, but have no effect.-Cousin and I are stuck with a dull sword throughout the game.-We try coordinating our attacks, but we fail.-An overpowered frog with ten laser shooting tomes and tornadoes following him, continues to wreck everything.-He wins.-I hate frogs now.-10/10 would play again"
76561197987852905,Recommended,293780,20379746,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,deafblindmute,"This game is absurdly fun and even just playing with the AI is good times. My only gripe is the lack of online multiplayer and that's more of a ""damn I wish I could play this with my friends who live in other places."" I hope they decide to add online functionality eventually, but in the interim it's still just a damn strong concept, with a great artistic direction, and solid execution."
76561198008208203,Recommended,293780,20378073,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Merkzoh,"Still in early-access, but definitely playable in its current condition. So much fun with 4 players. Only complaint I've ever heard about the game is usually easily blames on the controller. Make sure you play on a functioning controller. I'd recommend an xbox 360 con't to be safe."
,Recommended,293780,20319214,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SYaN^,"This game is an example of Early Access working, it is extremely replayable and feels more complete than most games at launch as is.I have been playing this 2 player couch coop with no Bots and it is an absolute blast, the combat for the hero is fluid and responsive with  the the upgrades from the shop and frequent gold snowball into making you feel massive progression even though each game is pretty quick.Early game for us the monster player felt a bit too weak if they do not have AI to support (AI is very dull - some ways incredible other absolutely stupid) and initial monster choices are very poor so you just have to grind them down with traps and attrition unless you have a flying eyeball - all hail the flying eyeball!The game does a great job of sorting itself out by linking player progress to your monster evolution and becomes a pretty tense duel around the mid game, (or more reason to disrupt your coop partner irl) so maybe it will be optimised around 4 player but dont let that stop you if you have no interest in bots and often play with less people.The biggest critisisms of course is the current monster balancing and few unique path choices on their growth, this is what makes a game meaningful and replayable, its not quite there yet but this is where its going to grow I imagine.Online multiplayer and a console release would make this instant indie GOTY and print money, as it is an absolutely incredible game that everyone should buy!"
76561198007562760,Recommended,293780,20481888,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,salaino,One of the most original games I've played in a long while. Lots of good fun to be had with this one.
76561197972498028,Recommended,293780,20480641,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nush,"This has quickly become one of my favorite games. I left it sitting in my library for a while before I tried it, what a mistake.Just like this game, I like to keep things simple, so, a short review: Everything feels well thought out and streamlined, it all just fits together and feels good. The absolute best way to play this is to grab a few friends and crawl through the dungeons together. I could (and have) played this for hours at a time, which is very rare for me these days."
,Recommended,293780,20439330,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mr. david,Great game for local multiplayer - awesome concept.
,Recommended,293780,20290013,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,NoBop2000,OK WHY WASNT THIS DONE BEFORE THIS GAME!?!?! i mean its the perfect idea how has not a single big gaming company done this idea before. I mean come on a dungeon crawler where your friend (or an AI) control the monsters and traps as ghost. it seems like such a no brainer yould think someone would have done that already. Either way even with this being early access and multiplayer oriented it is wortgh every penny. the AI is supprisingly good. even on easy they dont make a lot of realy stupid desicions like you would expect. you cant let your guard down against the AI or your freinds for a single second.be the ghost.kill your freinds!Steal there humainity!!WIN THE GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,293780,20310147,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,bamboo_quartet,Doin' the Monster Mash on my couch. Looking forward to the updates. 9/10
76561197989109202,Recommended,293780,20626164,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,badfish,This game had me sold right after watching the trailors.  I played with 3 friends for 3 hours and it was a blast!  10/10 local gameplay but I do wish there was a larger variety of end-game bosses.
,Recommended,293780,20656164,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,draggonicgamer,great game i LOVE it soo much its really fun and i just cant wait for online multiplayer!!!!
,Recommended,293780,20704497,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,CamyJamy,░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▐▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░▀▀▀▀▀░░█░░▐▌░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░▐▌░█░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▄░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▐░░░░░▐▌▐▌░░░░░░░░░▐▀▀██▄░░░░░░▄▄▄░▐▌░█░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░▀▀██░▀▄░▐▌░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░░█░░▐▌░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░█░░░█░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░▄▀░░░▐▌░░░▐▌░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▀░▀░▀▀░░░▄▀░░░░▐▌░░▐▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░▌░▀▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░█░░░░░░█░░░▀░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▀░░░░░░░▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄That feel when your friend swoops in and kills the human at the last second...
76561198268006443,Recommended,293780,20817127,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rick-C 137,"Great amazing game, its got a nice feel to how its played and is an awesome concept, me and my friend play this all the time"
76561198048610836,Recommended,293780,20817433,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,cubbyearsbenjie,ultimate fun time
,Recommended,293780,20780367,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Genesis,"Even for a simple game like this, the bots are #$%&@#% tough."
76561198095817721,Recommended,293780,20797558,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sv3nman,"A great couch multiplayer game. Worth it even in its present Early Access state. If you're looking for something mainly as a single-player or online game, though, then wait."
,Recommended,293780,12635373,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,michaeldeuel,"Literally THE BEST house party game of all time.  As good as or better than the Mario Kart series.  The balance (although tenuous, because the game isn't finished with updates, I hope) is superb, and frankly I can't say enough to praise this game.Although I will say this:  Stick it to EA with their proprietary engines and decepit corporate ladders by supporting two guys that had a VISION(that didn't suck, still looking at you EA), and made it a reality.  This is the best new game I've played this year, and it damn well earns the $10 asking price.Hell yes, I recommend this game."
76561198054294601,Recommended,293780,12643881,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,SutanK,"I love it, this a great rogue-like to play with friends, and ton me one of the best local multiplayer games. I really appreciate the artistic work on the characters, on the backgrounds and basically every feature of the game. The gameplay is easy and dynamic, the music is exciting, and anyone can start and learn playing in a few minutes only (the configuration for controllers on the main menu is as simple as awesome.). I hope there will be more content to this game since I unlocked everything !"
76561198066969216,Recommended,293780,12659426,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Fabio13,"Crawl caught me entirely by surprise. The concept, gameplay and art style were all so fresh and unique that I was immediately hooked by this game. There are too few games in the world today that evoke the same emotions as the quest involved in playing a round of Crawl with your friends.Firstly, as an early access game, I was astonished when I picked this up because I found little to no glitches or bugs and it was bursting with content right from the start. The community is also very much alive and the developers are simply phenomenal, always keeping you updated as to their progress and ideas for the game.The gameplay is like nothing I've ever played with up to 4 players playing locally (3 as ghosts and one as a hero) attempting to become a level 10 hero and defeat the dungeons boss. The catch is that since there is only one hero at a time, if you are not playing as the hero, you are one of the 3 ghosts controlling the dungeons minions, traps and bosses attempting to kill the hero and whomever deals the killing blow becomes the next hero.Games are generally fast-paced and frenetic yet the overall game round can take up to 30-40 minutes to play through depending on the players experience levels. The fact that the game is truly semi-cooperative in nature at all times is wonderful and keeps player interaction high. This is what makes local multiplayer gaming so wonderful to me and Crawl really delivers on that front. Many gamers have argued that they wished this game offered online support, and while I understand that not everybody has the opportunity to play with 4 players locally I really don't think this game would deliver the same experience if it were being played with people miles away on the internet instead  of your friends and family on the couch next to you.While I absolutely love this game and how unique and just plain fun it is the one major frustration for me would have to be the fact that the monster who deals the killing blow becomes the next hero and not the monster who dealt the most damage or some other qualifier. This just seems unintuitive, unfair and unrewarding to the non-hero players and I really think this should at least be an alternative option for the game settings if not the standard. I have discussed this with other gamers and while I understand their points as to how making it the player who deals the last blow can work as a balancing mechanism for weaker players I've seen it create just as much imbalance and more importantly change the flow of play to where camping is encouraged for monsters so that they can prepare themselves to deal the killing blow instead of simply attack the hero relentlessly. I truly believe that there should at least be an alternative option available in the settings for the monster who dealt the most damage to become the hero because I find it silly for a game to inherently make one of its mechanics just frustrating for the players  and immediately turn them off the excitement.Despite my one major criticism I have seldom found a game whose development has excited me as much as this one and I really hope that the developers consider my opinions on the game. Overall Crawl is definitely a game worth checking out for any gamer who wants to experience a new and exciting type of game and I highly recommend it if like me you are a huge fan of local multiplayer games that appeal to that childhood sense of playing arcade games and other video games side to side with your friends and family before the lonely Online Gaming era."
76561197998763237,Recommended,293780,12464185,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Painted Chips,"The only gripes I have are there need to be more bosses and some of the monster chains are just colour changes, even if its a small difference it would be a bit less distracting to me if there was just something differenciating the some of the monster upgrades. Otherwise a fantastic game."
,Recommended,293780,14009244,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Cancer,Awesome gameplay.Sexy artstyle.Extremely friendly creators.Thoroughly recommend.
76561198073617491,Recommended,293780,14012636,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tedstronaut,"1st Impressions: Excellent party game, but stands on it's own as good as single player game.  Very, very fun.  Any criticism I have is in no way a deal-breaker.Pros:- Balance: Lots of attention seems to be paid to keeping it interesting w/ the power dynamic between players constantly shifting.  Getting your minions' butts kicked? You'll rank up monsters faster. Spent a bunch of time running around as the hero killing everyone else? Now you're reincarnated as an toothpick spitting inchworm. All this is done without feeling like it's simply picking on the person in the lead.ADDITIONALLY, the end-game is satisfying regardless of outcome since everyone both worked for and against it the entire time.- Pace: I'm impressed how well it allows for a leveling and item system while still keeping the gogoGOGOGO!GO!GO! mentality.  There always seems to be something for everyone to be doing.- Mood & Atmosphere: The glitched out voice acting brings me right back to scratchy copies of Golden Axe played on poorly tracking TVs.  Pixel graphics can be an aquired taste, but I think it fits well and this game puts a cool spin on it (this kind of ""possessed game cartridge"").Cons (somewhat minor, but I hope can be addressed as the game develops )- Player confusion: With the unsaturated color palette it can be easy to lose track of your player.  This gets harder during big brawls when some people may be controlling the same type of minion.  Regardless, the learning curve is small.- Advancement & Unlocks: As it stands, the item and ""God"" unlocks after a session seem arbitrary.  Currently, they seem to be coming out of the glitched-out ether of the game (which is cool mood-wise), but it might be nice to see as least know what's triggering them - Are they indeed random? Tied to playtime? In-game exploration?I've only played this a few hours but it is already well worth the price - for the single player experience, let alone the strong party game this is!"
76561198025514019,Recommended,293780,14021354,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rozimus,"AMAZING! One of the best game concepts I have ever come across, playing as the hero is fun, playing as the monsters is fun, it's perfectly designed so you will never experience a dull moment, even better with friends!"
,Recommended,293780,14686165,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,rubmybelly2127,Fantastic game to play with your friends! Very fun and well made.
,Recommended,293780,14671898,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Captain Bunny-Rabbit,"If all that they do is add some more bosses and items, and have online multiplayer (please, please please) and MAYBE work some more with the moster tree, this game would be complete"
,Recommended,293780,14672724,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Chickcu The Guido Chicken,2x  damage spell op for Kourok boss fight. pls nerf devs.
,Recommended,293780,14731347,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SilentEmrys,This game is great! I use an adapter and my friends and I play 4 player with Xbox controllers. The constant updates are really awesome and do a good job balancing the game.
,Recommended,293780,14781967,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AutoNix,"Hack n' slash, rpg and rogue like are the three categories I would place Crawl in.  The twist, your friends, via local co-op get to possess traps and monsters as well as evolve their own monsters they can become when activating a portal into the real life realm.  It's a game of endless fun and the more the merrier!  Game play: ten, Replayability: ten, Fun factor: ten, Controls: ten.  All around a great game and you could spend hours killing your friends in gruesome ways, what more could you ask for!"
76561198022706301,Recommended,293780,14801694,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,joeytman,"This game is one of the best Early Access games on steam. Incredibly polished, never a glitch in sight, and a reasonable amount of content right now. I'd say from here on out its an amazing game to buy if you have friends willing to play with you locally."
76561198022795008,Recommended,293780,14767289,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Petromilli,"This game is insanely fun, great pixel art, super awesome concept. One of the only lacking things is online multiplayer. Besides that I highly recommend it if you do local play a lot. If you rely on online play I suggest you wait for it to be added because Crawl might never get online"
76561198076734557,Recommended,293780,14776115,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,mattyr,Awesome !
76561198083045493,Recommended,293780,14043394,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nibbas Whomst Wear Colgate,"This game is a very fast-paced, addicting and widely multiplayer mix between a Bullet Hell shooter and an RPG. It's fun to play with your pals in front of one screen and on one couch to enjoy the game.One of the most notable features of Crawl is its extreme replay value. Everybody loves getting rewarded even if they lost, so the game will always intensify after every time you play, which adds more possibilities for a character! The 0.3 update was very useful, because it doesn't take long to unlock everything in v0.2 and especially v0.1. v0.3 added some dieties, evolutions and even an alternate boss that can be very useful and effective. But that's what's best about this game: the frequent updates! But, one of the most well-known features is the awesome animations and the retro feel. The animatons are indescribable. They are the smoothest out of every single pixel-graphic game I've ever seen.Thus, I rate this game an 11/10. That's right. 11/10. Never stop being awesome, Powerhoof!"
,Recommended,293780,14043814,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lagbert,"This game is great and keeps getting better with each update. Well worth the $9.99.Pros:-Each time through is different-Good variety of weapons, monsters, traps, and spells-Great fun with a group of friends-Unlocking new items and features after every session makes it hard not to start up another session just to see what the new stuff does-Plays quick (about 30 - 60 minutes) for a session-Very polished already and very few minor bugsCons:-No online support yet: I can't play it with friends who don't live near by : (-Music variety: Good music but there is only a few tracks-Scenery variety: The rooms always uses the same brown brick and tile, a variety of different backgrounds would be nice.Mixed Bag:-Your aim is always in the same direction as your movement. This keeps the game controls from becoming overly complex, but it prevent you from back-peddling while firing a projectile attack.-Fights can become super chaotic, and it becomes very easy to lose track of your character.  Sometimes this adds to the fun and other times it can be a little frustrating."
76561198120991812,Recommended,293780,14031261,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Azrael,Awesome game to play with your friends :)) Highly recommended ! ! !
,Recommended,293780,14285321,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fat Wizard,Be a spooky ghost. Summon spooky skeletons.Kill human with spooky skeleton. Become human.Get killed by spooky skeleton. Become spooky ghost.10/10
,Recommended,293780,14288649,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,WickedSick,"My girlfriend and I got this game because we're always looking for local co-ops.  We love how there's no down time when one of us dies and we have a blast teaming up against the AI when their ""humanity is restored"".  I'm glad I supported this game and can't wait to see what the developers add."
,Recommended,293780,14272886,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Xattle,"This game.  My friends and I love dungeon crawling games and this one just put a new spin on it.  Being able to play both sides of the fight is an awesome thing but my personal favorite touch is the 4 person local play.  With the ability to set up quick button configurations and even use the mouse as it's own controller, we've had tons of fun.  Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,293780,14247742,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Count Swagula,Awesome game !Really looking forward to its update because in its current state it is still very impressive !
,Recommended,293780,14155784,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Vardha,This is one of the best party games I've ever played.
,Recommended,293780,11866713,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Poptart de la Space,"This game is a beauty. Though I may have not been able to test out the co-op mode, it is still fun. Keep in mind this is still Early Access, It's content is far from finished. There is currently so much replayability with this game, that even after doing almost 15 rounds I havn't unlocked everything and still have no clue how much more there is.Currently there is only one boss: kourok, a one eyed, laser-shooting, bubble-throwing, acid-spitting, tentacle Boss. He is so much fun to verse and play as; having three controllable parts to support the 3 v 1 mechanic. One person is the human the other three are the dungeon monsters that can also summon slimes and control traps.I feel like my gameplay video would help you get a better idea of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UHixpvrU_0"
,Recommended,293780,14166453,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TheMightyJohnFu,"Review Written on 25/01/2015 (Subject to change) Scroll for Pro's,Cons and Summary.Do you cherish your relationship with your friends?THEN DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Crawl was made  with the intentions of turning even the strongest of bonds in to heated rivalries; One moment you will find yourself working with others to lower the heroes health, the next you're viciously scrambling to ensure you are the one who delivers  the final blow to take his place.Crawl offers that which seems to be a rareity in modern games: 4 player local multiplayer. Bringing back the golden days of real couch co-op. The game practically comes gift-wrapped in nostalgia, with its retro-arcade visuals,8-bit audio, two-button combat system and fast-paced gameplay.Gameplay:To begin with, you are greeted with an ""Insert coin screen"" where you must create a character name consisting of three letters. As simple as it sounds, it immediately welcomes you.Players  must then  select a god to worhsip. Each offering three different monsters with their own evolution path and starting conditions.The premise is simple; One player starts as the hero, who must reach level 10 by descending floors to defeat the boss and claim salvation.Sounds easy eh?This would be the case, if you didn't have three other players , in ghost form, competing to become the hero in the process, by possessing traps, summoning monsters and deploying slimes. This makes survival as the hero extremely difficult, even more so as the other players gain ""Vitae"" a currency used to evolve their monsters each time the hero levels up or they draw blood from him.Fear not though! All is not lost, as each floor contains a blacksmith, where the Hero is able to spend gold they have accumilated through killing monsters, to purchase new weapons, trinkets and powers . However, getting to the shop first on each floor is essential if you want to claim all the best gear before anyone else.This is where Crawl really shines, it offers a sense of progression. The amount of purchaseable gear is satisfactory, and even after death, any itmes purchased are not lost.  The monsters don't lose out either, as between floors, players are prompted to evolve their monsters, becoming stronger and increasing their chances of killing the hero.Now, let's discuss one of my favourite aspects of the game:Bosses.Once players have reached level 10, they are able to face a boss, should they choose to do so, by entering the boss room and standing on a glyph. However, you can only have one attempt at the boss per floor, and three overall between everyone. This is when things become interesting, as you need to ensure you are well equipped for the battle, but have to accept the fact that persuing better gear always comes with the risk of dying and not becoming the hero again, allowing others to face the boss.Here's the brilliant part; Once the boss fight begins, any player who is not the hero is able to possess one of the bosses body parts such as the arms and head. Each limb will have a different attack, meaning cooperation and coordination is essential.If the hero prevails, the player wins the game, If the hero is to fail, he will be sent back to the floor with little health and the game continues. If all boss attempts have been used and the hero dies on the final attempt, it's game over. The winner being decided by whoever has accumilated the most XP during the game...Oh and the hero's character is permanently lost, although there seems to be no real penalty for this as there is nothing tying you to your character post-game. You can literally create another character with the same name straight after. To counter this, me and my buddies came up with a system where if your character dies, you can no longer use that three letter name again. Not much of a loss, but better than what the system currently offers.With the completion of each game, win or fail, you earn unlocks. Wether it be new traps, new evolutions for your monsters, weapons , tomes etc.... This adds to the games already enormous amount of replayability. (After 15 hours of play I still haven't unlocked everything!)Mechanics:The game plays best with a controller, although a mouse and keyboard is entirely useable. The two-button system is easy to use; you have a primary and secondary attack and a stick for movement, although the mouse can also used for movement; your character will move to where the cursor is pointed. I found the mouse a little more tedious and difficult to use as opposed to the gamepad.The fighting system is easy to understand, the difficulty comes from avoiding attacks and timing.  Personally, I'd like to be able to carry a ranged and a melee weapon and have another button to switch between the two.All in all, due to the simplicity of the controls, combat feels fluent and tight, with the animations complimenting and completing the system.Multiplayer:Be prepared for cursing, shouting, physical violence and possibly a heart attack-enduced death as you work extremely hard to bring the heroes health down only to have a friend steal the kill and become the hero.This game is best experienced with friends. You can of course play solo, the A.I is more than capable of providing a decent challenge, and is surpringly believeable, making human-like errors. But local couch multiplayer is the heart and soul of this game, and besides, there's no better feeling than defeating your friends and claiming salvation.Unfortunately, at the time of this review, Online multiplayer is not currently implemented. This is a shame because me and my buddies aren't always together, and we'd love to get some Crawl on when this is the case. Fingers crossed though!Another feature I would love to see in this game is Steam Workshop intergration. I'm sure modders would have a blast creating massive amounts of content. This would no doubt increase the lifespan of Crawl.Graphics and audio:Crawl is certainly a pretty game. From the intentional graphical glitches at the main menu, to the colourful displays of attacks ,traps, monsters and blood spills. The pixelated aesthetics feel right at home and sit comfortably amongst the haunting 8-bit track that accompanies them. The randomly generted dungeons  can get a little samey, but there is enough diversity to keep things interesting and the developers have confirmed that dungeon generation, music,  monsters, traps, items and a whole plethora of content will be added.IssuesNaturally, being in early access, Crawl is not without it's flaws; Ghosts being dragged too quickly from the last room into the next when the hero is running through them, sometimes resulting in the inability to utilise a room filled with traps. The occasional door refusing to let you pass or objects disappearing and reappearing. But these are problems that can easily be ironed out; over the 15 hours I've played, I had only encountered a few of these issues and rarely did they hinder the experience.Pro's:-4 playerLocal multiplayer-Progression system/RPG Elements-Brilliant premise; friends play as monsters-Fast-paced gameplay-Lot's of content-Replayiblity-Feels polished-Easy to jump straight in-Gorgeous pixel art-Strong mechanics-Low system requirements-More content to comeCons:-No Steam Workshop-No online Multiplayer-You will put Friendships to the test-Occasional bugsSummary:Crawl feels incredibly well-polished for an early access game, offering fast-paced gameplay, a unique take on the genre and a level of competitiveness that could only be achieved within it's own universe.8.5/10  ""Must Buy"""
76561198032320293,Recommended,293780,14698932,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Riceman,its a fun game but if you dont have some controlers it might get borrying cause you will have to play it by yourself
,Recommended,293780,14834947,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,double,♥♥♥♥ing nice
76561198064427613,Recommended,293780,14803694,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Burn The Peons,"This game, while entertaining at times, is rather unbalenced. I would like to see this when more time has been put into it."
,Recommended,293780,14870757,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Vonrehc,Probably one of my favorite games to play with friends. Hope it gets updated soon!
76561198076606299,Recommended,293780,14684931,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,rammer259,"Just wow. Other reviews will put it better so I will be brief. Buy this game ONLY if you have at least 1 other human to play with, as alone gets boring fast, but if you have a buddy... well. THE GAME IS AMAZING AND BUY IT IMMEDIATELY! BEST PURCHASE I'VE MADE IN MONTHS!"
,Recommended,293780,14914342,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,pseudo_sapien,"I believe this is one of the most solid asymmetric PvP games I've played. At the current moment there isn't a huge amount of content, but the devs do add fairly meaty updates every few weeks. That being said, the mechanics of the game are solid, the way gaining and losing possession of the hero works is an example of good balance mechanisms. It's like a negative feedback loop where the longer you stay as either ghost or hero, the easier it is to kill the hero and be killed respectively.And man does it have style. The music, the ever-present (aesthetic only) glitchiness, it actually makes me feel nostalgic. You can tell what the devs were going for and I think they nailed it. Some people see pixelated art as an excuse for spending less time animating, but the pixel art in this game is made by someone who obviously takes the style seriously, because it actually has a very distinct character and the animations are deceptively smooth for the resolution."
76561198052283330,Recommended,293780,14901487,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr. Pillow,"As Jason Voorhees to my top left says: I love it.Seemingly simple, yet comactly complex in this 300 MB Rogue-like Dungeon Crawler as it's been said. I've only gone against AI bots for the moment, but playing four players is utter madness. It's like a timeless childhood game that needed to be around before Gauntlet. That game was still great at the time, but I can imagine the bundles of joy and frustration this game would have, and will have in the near futureFeels great to control your hero and demons alike, the pixelated art-style vaguely reminds me of Hyper Light Drifter, music and sound design are top-notch, and the game itself feels rewarding to play and beat.In short: it's a must buy that can forseeably supply endless enjoyment, and I would give it a solid 9/10 just because the full game is not available at the moment"
76561198072548125,Recommended,293780,15070712,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sunshine Tom,"If you own 4 controllers, a decent couch and have 3 friends, then get this game."
76561198070772196,Recommended,293780,15078317,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Niko ツ,"I`ve just play`d 0.6 hours of this game but ITS AWESOME, i`m waiting for an online multiplayer with servers and others, cause there is some people here that have also friends with this game c:"
76561198003125690,Recommended,293780,14942718,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,AcidMonkey,Awesome local competative turned co-op turned competative game.
76561198070460000,Recommended,293780,15028099,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Rick,Great ideas and an overall good and fun game to play the only problem is that its local multiplayer so if me and my friend want to play he needs to bring his laptop over.  one major improvment would be if it was online multiplayer and the abality to host servers
,Recommended,293780,15014231,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Warprime,Its great to play solo...I can only imaging how much fun it is to play with freinds all fighting and screeming on the couch!
76561198101105542,Recommended,293780,15121538,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Czoobz,"If you have friends then you need this game. It had my little brother, cousin, friend, and myself yelling and laughing. This is going to be a multiplayer game I come back to again and again."
,Recommended,293780,12986401,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Xzanos,"This game combines rouge like and VS in a way I could have never imagined before. It is so satifying weather you are being attacked or taking down the hero. I cannot praise this game enough for what it is, even so early in development. I love the art style, gameplay, music, animations, simple conept. For 10$ anyone who enjoys rouge like or lite games would be stupid to at least not take a serious look at this game. I cannot wait to see what will become of this."
,Recommended,293780,12988657,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Thrakerzard™,THIS GAMEIt's an extremely intense local co-op game and it gets hectic when you gather your friends together and play! Much shouting and it's just a enjoyable game overall. Even it's singleplayer is intense!
,Recommended,293780,11678531,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,stickypickle,"CRAWLING IN YOUR SKINTHESE WOUNDS THEY WILL NOT HEALThis game is incredimazing through and through.The beautimus homage it pays to arcadey games of old with it's perfectly retro graphics,hauntingly elegant musical score that keeps your heart pumping and your feet tapping,and the punches and laughs it elicits from it's crazy fast, crazy intense, infuriatingly great gameplaymakes Crawl a must-have for anyone with atleast one giant eye that spews purple gloop.Also unlockables. Lots, and lots...of succulent unlockables."
,Recommended,293780,11670426,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,PikaFlare,Killed by a slug that shoots lasers which is controlled by a spooky ghost10/10
76561198084804783,Recommended,293780,11622846,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Seven,AMAZING GAME! One of the best games I have ever played. 10 baby walruses out of 10 baby walruses!
76561198017865191,Recommended,293780,11686326,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,nmindiedev,The game is amazing! Vivid animations great effects and the uncountable dozens of funny moments. Lots of improvements in the game design of such multiplayer madness genre. Very balanced and polished performance :D
,Recommended,293780,11813902,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,DeepThought55,"I haven't read a whole lot of reviews, so I'm sorry if say some things that have been said a thousand times over.That being said, I'd like to start off by saying that I love the concept of this game. All the items are super fun to combine and it's been fun seeing how long I can go with certain monsters without having to evolve them, and things like that.Some things I'd think would be awesome if they were added:-A Campaign: As fun as it is to grind through with a bot accosting me at every room, I would really enjoy some plot. It would be really cool if I was able to save my level and my items that I have at the time, and continue through the dungeons and such. I would definetly log a lot of hours on this game if such a thing were to exist.-Gods: I'd like to kind of have a plethera of gods to choose from, with all their different minions and monsters. I'd also like to see some use of the actual gods themselves-- there are pictures of the gods, but no real reason to know what they look like. They're just a face. It would be really cool if there was a point in the game (of even a gamemode) where you get to play as the god you chose, and get to unleash your special kind of hell on your enemies.-Heroes: As it stands now, when playing with four people, one person is pitted against three ghouls who get to try their best to rip their friend a new one. It would be nice to have some 2 v. 2 action, or maybe (when there's three players) two heroes and a ghoul. Just something to change it up and put it more in the players hands.In addition to the Heroes suggestions, maybe you could have different hero types, or characters. Something to vary the gameplay.It would also be pretty cool if people could submit their monster, item, and hero designs to 8bit-ify and have in the game.Pretty much like workshop.Just some ideas I've had while I've been playing-- I'm sure that half of what I've said are things you guys are already considering or even working into the next update. Either way, I'm excited to see where this game is headed!"
,Recommended,293780,11814424,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Quyendalf The Great,i love it end of story
,Recommended,293780,11814431,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,edemardil,"Amazing. I like dungeon crawlers but I have ALWAYS wanted this game (a game like this). My only complaint now would be that it's short (if you actually win it which I've only witnessed a ""normal"" difficulty boss do; the hard difficulty was more fun than the normal btw). But I thought, how can there now be more? As soon as a bot hits level 10 he goes for the boss which is annoying in a way also (damn you green). Other wise this game is great. Buy it, play it and enjoy an extremely challenging and crazy fun game."
,Recommended,293780,11782596,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,David,the one game to make PC local-multiplayer actually fun!
,Recommended,293780,11763160,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,F3xEr Jr.,the only thing is OnlineCo-op cuz this game is amazing and i want to play him with my friends
,Recommended,293780,11765751,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Twigthuilu *^.^*,FRICK YEAH! This game is great. once you figure out everything your down and crawling ohyeah!
,Recommended,293780,11798345,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SnowyBreeze,"Well time to review Crawl, a game I've been wanting to play since I first heard the awesome voice in the trailer. Overall this is a postivie review living up to my mental hype. But that's not to say the game is without fault, escpically this early on.Pros:-Crawl plays very well and the engine is smooth overall-4 players and bot support, good for both the solo gamer and the popular one-Boss fight is amazing!-Graphics, though the some may not like the style, the 8bit feel works really well with the game overallCons:-Not a huge ammount of game to play right now, maybe a little much for the $10-There are points where you just aren't doing anything and waiting for others to make their moves-Steep learning curve, the player has a lot of health and the monsters have much lessOverall the game is building up to be an amazing early acess title and I'm very much looking forward to the full release. If you have the $10 I say give it a shot.8/10"
76561197993774120,Recommended,293780,19763281,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Beltan,"Crawl is an absolute blast to play! I highly recommend it to anyone with friends nearby that can play on the same computer.+ Easy to learn.+ Fast-paced (Games generally seem to last 30 minutes).+ Randomized level layouts lots of monster, item, and trap options make it infinitely replayable.+ Up to 4 players (games with more players are better).+ Players who aren't doing well get access to stronger monsters to even the playing field.- Limited number of final boss monsters (The same 2 over and over), and final bosses are too easy (Each has a weakness exploitable by anyone).- Players all have to play at the same computer.- The entire point is to play multiplayer, so seek single-player satisfaction elsewhere.- Illuminati confirmed.- I just lost the game."
76561198081076110,Recommended,293780,19790857,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Flibbernaut Hill,"A great game to sit around a screen, and scream at your friends."
,Recommended,293780,19817856,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Peacock_man,"Me and my friends played for hours. Could use more bosses, but overall, a great game."
,Recommended,293780,19802950,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mr.Handy,"It's all be said by my prior reviewers.What's left to say?Damn, let's play :D"
76561198062446764,Recommended,293780,19891814,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[ 8-Bit Staple Gun ],"On the surface, this game may seem like just another 8-bit style dungeon crawler game, but Crawl brings something totally new to the table. Players working against each other. It's so fun and challenging to play with friends, and it's a great party game. Lots of cool mosters, lots of cool weapons, lots of cool magic items. The only downside is that you have to play on one machine, you can't hook up with someone else who has a copy of the game. Overall one of the most fun experiences I've ever had with a dungeon crawler."
76561198088591238,Recommended,293780,19880710,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Edgar Allen Hoe,"Hands down my current favourite early access game. Not only do the ads have dope voice overs, but the game is very fun. It reminds me of Dark Souls in combat, with high tension combat between tough AIs (on Hard mode at least, though normal is still good) and your friends and family. It is a rogue-lite which means even though each run is different you keep some of the many unlockables such as Deities, weapons, spells, totems, and more. I still haven't collected everything. Finally I must add that even though it is early access and has a bit to go for completion it plays like a complete game. 20/10 would taunt the Old Gods again."
,Recommended,293780,19903001,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rott,Yes
76561198081576799,Recommended,293780,19835582,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,King Dice,Crawl is like having a kit kat and all of your friends want the same kit kat however it's so small you can't share it and there's no other kit kat's (or any candy for that matter) in your vicinity. So then as you start eating it all your friends begin trying to snatch it away but you hold a firm grip so they start using more force and begin punching you and eventually one of them is able to pry it from your battered hands so then everyone starts beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him and it's all descending into chaos as he's nearly able to take a giant bite out of it but then someone comes in with a nerf gun so everyone else grabs more powerful nerf guns and shooting each other and you were all so busy fighting for the kit kat that you weren't carefu enough and now you notice the dog has eaten it so you all start crying and shouting at each other and blaming each other and then you realize this was all over a small piece of candy and you question your friendship.10|10 would destroy friendsip over kit kat again.
,Recommended,293780,19873213,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chancho06,Can't get enough of this game with friends!
,Recommended,293780,19841665,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sado,"It's an amazing game to play with friends on the same PC. If you're pondering wether to buy or not, go look at some gameplay videos rather than the trailer.Got this after seeing all the great reviews. It's great entertainment."
76561197970509655,Recommended,293780,19940929,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,megalomaniac,Flawless local co-op. A real treat.
,Recommended,293780,19910890,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Agawasomfa,"A fun game even in early stages. You kill your friends your friends kill you, whats not to love. All the monsters are really neat the boss battles are amazing allowing all the people to control diffrent aspects of bosses was a great idea. This games a 10/10."
,Recommended,293780,19951873,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Takanu,"Normally i'd avoid any game that uses the tired fantasy dungeon theme, but holy crap do these chaps know how to visually design stuff.  SUCH SHARP TYPOGRAPHY!  FABULOUS UI ANIMATIONS!  GREAT USE OF COLOUR!  Rare is it to find a UI/UX design in a game that feels both fresh and well coordinated....just wanted to say that really, no other review is going to mention it."
,Recommended,293780,19948968,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,goober,"Picked this up as somethng to try with my friends, and started to play around with it by myself. Holy crap is this game fun. Way more content and playability than I was expecting, the AI is some of the best I have seen period. The main attraction is its local coop, but in my opinion it is worth the price of admission even if you plan on playing it yourself. Can't wait to see what the devs add in the coming months."
,Recommended,293780,20026005,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jester,a whole new type of competitve couch game! I love the art retro nostalgiac feel of this game and cannot wait to see it become even more polished.
,Recommended,293780,20041738,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Justadog,A great game for hectic fun with friends.
,Recommended,293780,20037735,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KindaKaiden,"This game has a very unique take on dungeon crawling. If you have friends or family and a few extra controllers, definitely play this game. You will not be disappointed. Hell, even if you don't have people to play this game with, the AI is beautifully polished and challenging to go up against. I hope to see a lot more from this game in the future. I'm loving every experience with Crawl thus far."
,Recommended,293780,23475950,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SUPERTRAMP,"IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS, BUY THIS GAMEIf you do not have friends, still buy the game, and then make friendsAmazing, beautiful with friends, not meant to be played by a sad lonely little man like my dog, but this game is without a doubt meant for those studs in life like myself.  Being updated with funny and well thoughout content pretty dang often, for any amount of money, this game is worth it.All in all agreat game"
76561198162444871,Recommended,293780,23690404,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Kotix,THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAY
,Recommended,293780,24328411,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,agent_69,This game has great refreshing local co op and asymetrical gameplay that is really cool and creative. My friends are CRAWLLING on the floor after I beat them ;)))))
76561198040907140,Recommended,293780,30822587,Posted: 29 March,all,Taffy Jones P.I.,"Great fun for four people. great couch co-op game. You basically get to choose a wide array of weapons and battle it out with your three other friends who become more and more powerful. Most games typically run for 30 minutes but you can drag that out if you want to. There are some balancing you need to do for first time players, as one person who is good at the game can just go through with ease. But once you have three players who know what they are doing, the ""hero' could be in for some trouble"
,Recommended,293780,23500728,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ethnographix,"CHECK OUT THE WHOLE REVIEW AT ETHNOGRAPHIX:NOTHING BUT GAMING CULTURE AND KATS!All games have a realm they are best suited to. Mass Effect is an excellent single-player example, Populous is one of the best God games out there; FTL, the standard for roguelikes. So when it comes to multiplayer games that are not only fun, challenging, and fresh but that allow you to drop a hot mess on your buddy's head, no game is better suited than Crawl.But how to best describe a game that effortlessly packs together arcade style multiplayer alongside RPG friendly player progression and item usage? Well if I had to use a single word to do so, I'd say something along the lines of...bananas.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing bananas.First off, the premise. You and up to four other players (bots are also an option) are tasked with defeating the final boss in a dungeon crawler style series of levels that contain all manner of hazards from fire-spewing torches to Zelda style porcupine bricks that careen from one side of the map to the next. At any given moment, one player is the human in search of the end of the dungeon while the rest are either floating apparitions that collect globs of ectoplasmic goo to use as a weapon later on or to possess vile aberrations; each of which possess' it's own unique approach to dispatching the lone human paragon.Monster progression is tiered and each tree provides a different approach and selection of satanic beasts you will be able to choose from. This includes, but is not limited to, Cthulhu (+3 Lovecraft boner), Skeletor's misogynistic cousin, and a barfing carp or, as I have come to know it as, ""Barfamander.""Yup, it's sort of like Army of Darkness got drunk and had a sloppy ♥♥♥♥ with a desperate Pokemon.You'll spend a great deal of time possessing traps as you chisel away at the human in play in the hopes that, by killing them in a Shogun Assassin style arterial splash of blood, you will land the final blow and thus become the human until the same fate befalls you. It's a fun give-and-take that means that anyone can end up being the winner regardless of points or skill level (although the latter certainly factors in).Fun Steam based additions have been somewhat regular and made the title a real gem as far as replay and for the creepily glitched out visuals and sound that operate like an NES on meth. Got a few bucks to spare with the buddies you love to hate most?Get your Crawl on.CHECK OUT THE WHOLE REVIEW AT ETHNOGRAPHIX:NOTHING BUT GAMING CULTURE AND KATS!"
76561198110025472,Recommended,293780,23492706,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ronald Rump,This is one of the best games i have ever played. amazing coop and fairly frequent updates definetly underpriced
76561198146112280,Recommended,293780,23495488,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ChiliRock64,One of the best dungeon games iv'e ever played! 5 Out of 5 stars!
76561198095253858,Recommended,293780,23512454,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,*indecipherable yelling*,This would be even better if i had friends!-actual ign reperesentative
,Recommended,293780,23536687,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TurboGarbage,"Fantastic game, really creative spin on the whole Roguelike/Dungeoncrawler genre. One of the best local co-op experiences out there, and there's still more of it to come! There's so much beautiful polish on hte animations and some great attention to detail, like the little camera zooms on the bosses when they appear, the neat effects on transitions from ghost to human, it's just such a visually delightful game with a soundtrack that really adds some tension when it's needed. I've had a great time and can't wait to bust it out with a couple more friends sometimes."
,Recommended,293780,23257575,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Drae,11/10. Would buy again. Game of the year. Still in Alpha but it feels like a full game. -MrDrae (2016) Please buy. Online Multiplayer is coming soon I hope. 11/10. Please buy.
76561198085489801,Recommended,293780,30787635,Posted: 27 March,all,WinnB,"Fun party game that encourages crazy comebacks and friendly competition. There's tons of items and monsters to play around with. Finding that new, flashy magic staff or sword, and bragging about it, only to get wiped out by your friends who control the monsters is what makes this game fun. The only downside is the lack of final boss variety, but I certainly reccomend nonetheless."
76561198068723028,Recommended,293780,23296634,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sea Weasel,"Crawl is the most fun that I've had in a couch-party environment in a long time. Even against the AI, the game is quite satisfying. But it truly shines when you are playing with and against your friends.Keep in mind, of course, that this game is currently in Early Access and in development. Features are being added and bugs are being worked out. It is unfortunate that online multiplayer is unavailable as of now, but online gameplay was not designed from the ground-up, as in other games; as such, it is more difficult to implement the game in online form. I will direct you to this for further reading regarding online development:http://steamcommunity.com/app/293780/discussions/0/34095051768030848/The only criticism that [I have currently is that the boss difficulty probably should be rebalanced to provide more of a challenge, but I'm sure that the more player you have, the harder the final boss fight."
76561198034384720,Recommended,293780,23160970,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Doublegood,This game is a breath of fresh air with an incredibly fun multiplayer that will have your friends hating you.
76561198220762192,Recommended,293780,23444226,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,pointer111,Such a great game I can't wait for a new boss!
,Recommended,293780,23385028,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,forty42two,This is an AMAZING game it has sooooo much replay value! You can not go wrong with its purchase. I love to play it as a party game or even with my kids (they love it too). The controls are easy to use and the gameplay is very very fun!
,Recommended,293780,23392194,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,BrbHouseOnFire,One of the most satisfying and intensely addicting same-screen multiplayer games to date. On the same level of awesome as TowerFall Ascension.
76561198174501230,Recommended,293780,23419717,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,I only play tetris for the story,I love this game.To bad I have no friends who want to play with me.
76561198066120785,Recommended,293780,23514272,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Greynorok,Probably one of the best local co-op games out there! 10/10 for me! I'd put this game up there with the Smash series.
,Recommended,293780,23514787,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,HeartSail,"Crawl is definitely one of the greatest local multiplayer experiences I have ever had. It is a fun arcade dungeon-crawling combat game with a great depth for something that you can pick up without having to explain a ton of mechanics. The combat feels fluid and diverse due to its wide array of weapons for the human and much greater cast of monsters. This game is always fun, and it has had some outstanding free updates. It feels very polished even when playing with bots and it has entertained a couch full of guests who knows how many times!If you want a fun and competetitive game for you and your friends I cannot reccomend tthis game enough!"
,Recommended,293780,23338107,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Flogenos,"Super good. Like, so good. Its a great party game for people who KNOW HOW TO GAME, but it has a bit of a learning curve with new players, and there being no online means the only way to play with your friends is to live with them. It works great if you do, but a bit tedious without it."
76561198071720482,Not Recommended,293780,11576943,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,pyr0kid,"this is a great game and i love it, but it might be a good idea to wait till it updates more.that being said, totaly worth 15$ if you got a friend to play with. this is not the type of game you play solo but that doesnt mean its bad solo."
,Recommended,293780,12307709,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,naf,"I was skeptical before I got it, but the concept for this game WORKS SO DAMN WELL. Amazingly fun, I just wish it had online multiplayer."
,Recommended,293780,12394772,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Ikon Co-Leader Tasty Ron,So happy there were so many updates since the last time I played.I can't wait until the final launch!I would give this an 8/10 because the single player AI is awful making me only enjoy it with 3 friends handy.  If there was an online multiplayer option this would go straight to a 10/10
,Recommended,293780,12199027,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,maddabbo,Ok I now fully love this game.It only needs true online multi play to fully shine.The controls orinially were quite frustrating.Theyve been improved.The game is very playable with a gamepad.  Now its much better with a mouse.The graphics and style are perfection.  The monsters and items are perfect.It's pretty awesome.   Just needs multiplayer online as I won't play anyone at my house nay time soon and bots will get old.  Great game keep the improvements coming.
,Recommended,293780,12179982,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,UncleRukus,This game is wicked fun with friends! Can't wait for more updates. Thanks
,Recommended,293780,12183457,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,CallMeNorth,"It takes a few minutes to get used to, but once you start to understand how to play, it's a blast. I haven't played with others, and I hope online multiplayer will be available someday. I can see this being a great couch VS game."
,Recommended,293780,12183574,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Kaiju,"Crawl is an amazing and very fun dungeon crawler. It can be played up to four players, one person being the hero, and the other three being ghosts. The ghosts try to kill the hero by taking over objects or using a demon circle to summon a monster to fight the hero with. If one of the ghosts kill the hero, the ghost that got the killing blow will become the new hero. At the end of every floor the ghosts will get points every time a hero leveled up, and they get to use the points to evolve their monsters. While you're the hero; you try to get to level 10 so you can open a portal to the final boss. If you kill the boss (Which the ghosts will control) you win. If not, you'll be kicked out of the portal and have a small amount of health left. If the boss isn't beaten after three tries its game over and the ghosts win. I absolutely love this game and can’t wait for the finish product."
,Recommended,293780,12439140,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Klynn,This is some of the most fun I've had with 4 player couch gaming in a long time.  It's silly and the mechanics of having everyone team up on one player with the target player cycling around makes for some great trash talking.
76561198029945375,Recommended,293780,13533581,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bryguy,"Great game, super fun with friends, needs more frequent updates."
76561198000027027,Recommended,293780,13539309,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,$au$$ageB0$$,"Fist Rever,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198009087781,Recommended,293780,25240769,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Code-11 [Olin],"Really, really good. Can't speak about single player, but what I wanted it for (4 peep coop) its boss. 10/10"
,Recommended,293780,25117772,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,リープ,I had alot of fun playing with my friends 11/10
76561198074968012,Recommended,293780,25090178,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Puddingkruste,"good gameNo but srsly in the recent years of degrading game depth/skill ceiling, increasing focus on pretty graphics and simply catering to the average person, this game is what you and your group of competitive gaming oldones need. It's easy to pick up, since its basically only two action buttons, but the sheer amount of movement, item and monster mechanics allow it to be played in uncountable ways.To cut to the point: This piece of software right here is pretty much a top-down twin-stick rpg/shooter versus/co-op game, currently only supporting local multiplayer. Controls are basically L-stick to move/aim, A to shoot/slash, B to dodge/special move.The goal for every player is the same, kill the boss after reaching lvl10 in human form, to be released from the dungeon. A sudden-death at the start determines the first ''runner'' to enter the dungeon in human form, your slaughtered companions souls steadily haunting your every step to kill you and take away your humanity for themselves i.e. their try at defeating the dungeon. The dungeon in itself is harmless, but every trap and contraption can be used by the ghosts of the other players to make your run a living bullethell. Furthermore each room contains a differing amount of pentagrams which can be used as a ghost to spawn into a monster, each with its own unique moveset. These creeps can be lvled after every floor, levels in human form of enemy player determine your evolution points. Human Form spends picked up cash to get new weapons, artifacts, moves etc. each weapon with its own moveset, each ability with its own uses. After a human form hits lvl 10 they can enter the boss portal on every floor to have one of the three tries at defeating the boss, problem is, the boss is also controlled by the enemy players, making this whole game a really competitive experience best enjoyed if all players have the gitgud mentality.Soundtrack is amazing, fits the game perfect, really raw dark 8bit sounds whose rhythm still keeps you looped into the game.Graphics can be seen on screens.Only missing feature is online-multiplayer, in other aspects this is a game I support in every way and would buy again just to support development and show my gratitude for creating this piece of art.Definitely worth more than 10bucks.p.s. gitgud, dodge moves only, abuse the MoI, take the bow, crush the boss"
,Recommended,293780,25221731,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KlaxMaster,"This is game is stupid fun. No big stories or hours of campaign, and sometimes, thats just what you want."
,Recommended,293780,25186575,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,just Dave is fine,Excellent game for some couch multiplayer.
76561198144855400,Recommended,293780,23945319,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AbsentSky,"Has the potential to be an absolutlely fantastic game.In ""Early Access"" it is missing just a few features and additions to make it a game worth $10. Right now it is fun to play with some guys who are over at your house. Although it has no online feature and is missing some well needed ""Boss Fights"" or other tidbits to mix up the repetition. As annoying as the lack of online play is at first. Once you find some mates that love the game as well it begins to fullfill the need for a nostalgic game that we all crave; sitting in a dark room with chips and soda playing a game together through the night.If this game escapes the ""Early Access""  blackhole it will be a game i recomend to everyone.Whether or not it is ever stmaped with the golden seel or ""complete"" it is one of my favorite steam games of all time."
,Recommended,293780,25812820,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Brady Swag,"Awesome game, truly, I just wish there was online multiplayer so I could do this with my boys."
76561197986271413,Recommended,293780,25884783,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CherryHeering,Highly underrated gem!
,Recommended,293780,22860079,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,☯Undedpro☯,"I rate it 𝟗/𝟏𝟎 *𝓼𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆 𝓲𝓽𝓼 𝓸𝓷𝓵𝔂 𝓔𝓪𝓻𝓵𝔂 𝓪𝓬𝒆𝓼𝓼.*>You can play the game with 4 people, but only local Co-op.>You can be Evil(monster) and good.(hero)>In-game there are many creatures and trap's (All you can play with/control)>Right now in the game i have only seen 2 bosses both amazing.Looking forward for more content myself."
76561198001462961,Recommended,293780,25863576,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Hoogs,"At first I wasn't too sure what I had gotten myself into. It seemed a bit too simple, but I gave it a second chance and I'm glad I did. This game is awesome. Far more depth than meets the eye. Love to see some online mutliplayer added to this title."
76561198058657978,Recommended,293780,26140546,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Fallschirmjaegermeister,This game is the most fun you've had playing local multiplayer since Mario Kart 64.
,Recommended,293780,26043325,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,"Kim, The Schwifty",This game is outrageously fun if you can gather some friends to play (the hardest part).It's the card game Munchkin meets Dark Souls with a touch of pokemon thrown in. It'sn extremely addictive gameplay loop that might not make that much sense on paper but is executed exceptionally.
,Recommended,293780,26076764,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sir Butts Buttingly,"Lots of fun! Game is pretty unbalanced between players who know what to do and newbies, but I don't see how this game could fix that. Games tend to be a bit longer (30+ mins) once you have 4 skilled players going."
76561198004007208,Recommended,293780,26125527,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Burlybastard,Great game with 3 friends.
,Recommended,293780,26177699,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,123,"Oh, my gosh... This game i sooo much fun! Just got it and me & a friend tryed it out, and it was so much fun!My only complaints about this game is the lack of Online play, and the lack on information on how each creature controls (gotten Kevin the Destoryer at one point and didn't realised that ht is better for range then close combat).8.5/10 Diamonds."
76561198131166135,Recommended,293780,26029940,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Burrito Lord,Great game!  Very fun and innovative.  Loved the grafics and multiplayer aspect.
,Recommended,293780,26020698,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,fat,Needd to update more though!
76561198023668918,Recommended,293780,26393391,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,a-hoover,Great game. I would reccomend it to anyone who has two to three friends.
76561198016411868,Recommended,293780,26398363,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,c0mmanderKeen,"One of the best local multiplayer games I have ever played, perhaps the best if I exclude tekken nostalgia.The core idea of this game is just THAT good. And it is executed brilliantly. Easy to pick up and play, it thrusts up to four players into a dungeon full of traps and doors to the unknown. One player is always the human, trying to stay alive and gain levels by fighting monsters. The monsters, however, are controlled by your ""friends"" - many rooms have pentagrams on the floor, which, when approached by a ghost player, allow the summoning of a ghastly creature from the depths. As the player character gains strength, the monster players gain ""wrath"" - which in turn allows them to upgrade their monsters to a new, unique form. This way, the 1-3 players that are not currently the human constantly gain strength, which usually means it's just a matter of time until the human falls...And when he does, the ""ghost"" that struck the final blow trades places with the human, and gains XP and gold in his stead. The goal is to reach level 10 and challenge the boss of the dungeon. If you beat him, you win. If you lose, there are 2 more tries ANY player has to get out. Else, everyone loses. After a game you unlock more items to buy, more dungeon objects to encounter and use (at your own risk..) and more deities.At the beginning of each game, each player picks a deity, which will 1) determine what base monsters / upgrade paths are available to that player and 2) what passive ability / starting item the human form of that player has. There is a lot more diversity to this game than initially meets the eye, which is great. Dungeons are also procedually genereated, the intro varies a lot- it really tries hard not to get old anytime soon.And on that it succeeds in my opinion. If you have any opportunity to get friends in on this - do it. You wont regret it. There are simple yet interesting combat mechanics to master, and every game unfolds differently, depending on deities and what the shop has to offer on each stage. It's really good. As for the early access, it's hardly noticable - I actually only remebered because of the frequent updates."
,Recommended,293780,27258006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NordicStarship,Incredibly nice art-style and fun gameplay. The AI is suprisingly fun to play with if you don't have any friends like myself until online multiplayer is released.
,Recommended,293780,27299764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thotasaurus Rex,"Crawl is a lot of fun, especially if you have someone (or more than one) to play it with. It's fast, has nice art, a good soundtrack, and I personally haven't had any sort of issue with it. There's a really good amount of replayability since it's multiplayer focused, and it's still supported so that's always a plus. Very much recommend.All this game really needs is an option for online multiplayer, which I know a lot of others want as well."
,Recommended,293780,27025792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marik_Steele,"I rarely if ever give early access titles a chance, but this is one of the only -- if not the only -- such game I've been glad friends recommended I try.  Both this and the same developers' other title, Regular Human Basketball (a non-f2p, free-as-in-beer game you should just go get right now), are solid titles."
,Recommended,293780,27078212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ajjax,Gameplay is solid and enjoyable. May need more balancing as some bosses are a cinch with certain weapons.  All in all a great party game to play wth friends and family.
76561198027005765,Recommended,293780,27149212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FlameBlade,"this game allows me and up to 3 more friends to just sit on the edge of our sits and shout at each other for about 30 minutes each game.it is amazingly well made, and the transition between the hero which everyone targets, and the ghosts which ally with their bitter enemies to kill him is wonderful"
,Recommended,293780,27220517,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Imershard,It's good; more importantly it's fun. I had fun with the singleplayer. It would probably bring many more hours of fun if my friends would take an interest in it.  I haven't found out a way to play it with two mice instead of a keyboard (but that's just ignorance on my part- if you can even use two mice in the game...)The creators look like they put a lot of work into this game.
,Recommended,293780,20551031,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,LetzterAufruf,"This is by far the most satisfying fast-paced old-skool 4-player arcade mayhem I've played in a long time!Super-fluent gameplay mechanics with tight controls, neatly done grafix plus awesome soundtrack.. If you own an arcade cabinet, put it in there! It's intended to play it that way ;)Lack of real players joining your game can be compensated by really well written AI bots..All-in-all it's super-fun, plus the UI and in-game menus look, feel and control perfectly! :)1up!"
,Recommended,293780,19752830,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AaronAdler,"This game is fantastic fun. Both my sister and I cannot get enough of it and we have only had it for a day. During time of writing, this game is very playable, but noticeably unfinished. Only two boss battles a handful of monsters to choose from, but the game is constantly being patched with more from what I can tell. I look forward to the completion of this title; It promises to be a great one."
,Recommended,293780,19947956,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,>{RED}< Slubba,"Love playing Crawl, Its fun and with friends, Just awesome. Get it learn how to play. You wont be sorry."
76561198072928522,Recommended,293780,19959253,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wazzupman5529,i think it's a great game IF you have people to play it with
,Recommended,293780,19956466,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zettary,best play with friends.waiti don't have any friends.
,Recommended,293780,19975507,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Borker Skum,Wooped my game dev friends♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would woop♥♥♥♥♥again love this game sincerely wishes to marry it plz send money for wedding since ur like the games father dev love your step son xX Cosmic Sans Xx
76561198004794258,Recommended,293780,19968264,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,EduardV [SP],"Muy entretenido y original!! es todo una novedad, merece la pena jugarlo."
,Recommended,293780,19984919,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,This game has an attract mode. Such a rare thing anymore.An online mode would make this 10/10. I'll give it a 9/10 now.Those hard bots do NOT miss.
,Recommended,293780,19985530,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ChaosCartoons,"This game is simply the top of local mulitplayer gameplay, as well as single player challenge.The balancing in this game is impressive when either side can get op, it doesn't take long for the opposing team to catch up.There is endless fun trying to stop the hero or avoid the ghosts traps.Quite simply, get this game."
76561198148893020,Recommended,293780,19998903,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jewishjazzyj,Overwhelmingly positive such a great game. One of the best co ops on pc or steam. idk what those 17 negative reviews say but i guarantee their all wrong.
,Recommended,293780,25413558,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sinkarna,"Dope game! Only played 2 players tough and the bots are kind of meuh, can't wait to play 4 players!Probably not that great single player, go get some friends!"
76561197975253042,Recommended,293780,25418034,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Squirrel,Had a lan party with a few friends intending to play multiple games.  Played this for 9 hrs straight.  Worth the full price and if its ever on sale don't even think about it just buy it.
,Recommended,293780,14713447,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DrakoxRising,Rat summoner underpowered pls buff
76561197971390797,Recommended,293780,25487234,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bagrud,Hours and hours of fun on the couch
76561197985393538,Recommended,293780,25470893,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Phil,i picked up this game randomly and could not be happyer worth every pennyprosgreat reason to kill your friends (in game).great seletion of minions from worms and fish to demons and litch'sco-op friendship /instant betrayal   all in the name of funconsran out of living friends
,Recommended,293780,25473898,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,NEO! | sonicbhoc,"This is some of the best couch multiplayer out there, guys. Seriously fun."
,Recommended,293780,22838211,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,randomman159,"Confusing at first, chaotic fun from that point on. Admittedly I played against hard bots to start, and couldn't work out why I couldn't do anything as a ghost (which I was 99% of time)."
,Recommended,293780,22594131,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Grue Bu,"Crawl is simple but brilliantly executed multiplayer concept. One person plays a hero traversing a dungeon, and the other players play as the dungeon and enemies.  When a monster kills the hero they take his place. The monsters are generally ""weaker"" than the hero so they need to both work together and compete to get the last hit.The matches are fairly short, usually lasting from 15 to 30 minutes which doesn’t feel like too long. The balancing mechanics are well designed, and players make comebacks regularly keeping the game close - the longer you play as a monster the better off you are if you become the hero, but wait too long and you might lose.The hero and monsters feel good to play, and the players are given several customization options at the beginning of each game allowing them to choose a group of monsters to play as. There are also additional perks which offer variety in play styles.There is a learning curve to the game, and understanding the different resources you have to manage and knowing each monster can be confusing to newer players. The mechanical simplicity helps a lot with this. Crawls biggest problem is that it currently has only local multiplayer and really needs online multiplayer.Crawl is intensely fun and extremely well designed. It is easily one of if not the best local multiplayer games available on steam, and an amazing value for its price. If you can get a group of three or four people together to play I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,293780,22657600,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,gothhenge,"First, go into the dungeon and kill your friends, who are the monsters.Then your friends' monsters get stronger and kill you, and you become the monster.Then use your monster powers to kill your friends.Local multiplayer is a must.  I've played this game alone, and 3-player, and 3-player was way more fun.  4-player seems promising also.10/10 would lose my humanity again."
76561198017754452,Recommended,293780,22891645,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vexeisis,"This is one of those intelligently designed games that is just amazing to behold.  It is nothing but constant frenetic action with your friends, and there's always something to unlock. All this game needs to do now is perform a little bit more monster/hero balancing and slowly add in content over time and it will be perfect. It has an excellent frame structure right now, but it just needs additional monsters, weapons/items, dungeon layouts, themes, and bosses.I would relaly love to see what a castle, crypt, or swamp themed dungeon would look like. I would love to see more varied bosses as well. RIght now the three headed dragon boss feels a little underpowered compared to the tentacle monster.The only mechanic that I still find odd is the one where all players lose if they kill the hero during the final third boss fight. It's like there's no reason to continue for monster players in the third round fight --- unless the point is (if we're going down, you're going down with us) ? Either way, I'd like to see a type of modification or adjustment to done to this and see what you guys can come up with. Otherwise, I feel there isn't much of an incentive for the ghost/monster players to keep playing once the third boss battle begins.To reiterate, Crawl has an excellent skeleton, it just needs to have some more tasty meat on its bones and it will become perfect. It really is such a beatuifully designed game. I absolutely LOVE the unlock system. If you keep adding more, I'll keep playing more just to see what else I can unlock with my friends. I freaking love that system."
,Recommended,293780,22306471,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Titty Turbine,10/10 for when you have friends over.
,Recommended,293780,22173021,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Just(Certified Helicopter Pilot),Great game should definetely get the intetion of the game is great the  sort of dungeouns and dragons style aspect is great controls are really simple great only thing is (i do know they are making more) is i would like some more characters bosses weapons traps etc and maybe khourouk or the whatever the frog is called boss to be amped a bit 9/10 will give 10/10 when more stuff is added
,Recommended,293780,22256647,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SquadWird,Good game if you have friends over and want to have some chaotic fun.
,Recommended,293780,22186039,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lord Pulsar,ABSOULTLEY AMAZING!!!!Really good party game!Best with friends!!
76561198245755036,Recommended,293780,22186082,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,GoodHope,Great Fun! The whole family is already crawl-addicted. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,293780,22216516,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,AfroBug,This game is good if u have someone to play with would be better if devs add online co op or somthing well i'm kinda lonley that's why i dont play it :c
,Recommended,293780,22229231,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ShadowDragon000,Way more fun than I expected.
,Recommended,293780,22207178,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,M.,"The most fun I've had in a local multiplayer game that didn't involve kart racing, and a shining example of Early Access done right. If you've been on the fence about making friends, this game makes it worth your while."
,Recommended,293780,22169178,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Hubris of Satan,"Lee smiled and laughed because of this game. Lee hates everything, including this game."
76561198170361953,Recommended,293780,21623830,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chaosserole,"I personally love all of these retro pixal games. I have only played it for an hour and i feel like i want to keep playing it, but i feel lonely and I have no friends to play this game with. If there was an online muliplayer thing where random people can play with others then that would make this game the best. Keep up the good work. :DAbsolutely love the art and i highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,293780,21067297,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nadious,"I can't remember if I have ever left a review for any game in all the years I've been on steam.  If I did, it wasn't a good enough one for me to remember.I'm leaving one now.Simply put:  This game is awesome.  This is one of THOSE games:  Games that I break out in a party setting with my friends and we play it over and over and over.  The idea behind this game is simple enough, but there's enough under the hood to add some depth and variety that it doesn't make the game boring at all or feel repetitive.  Nothing is more satisfying in the world than closing off a room from the hero (as he tries to dash to the portal),  stealing a kill from another monster player (while already at level 10) and race into the adjacent room, open the portal, and attempt to kill the boss.This game will test friendships, no doubt.  It is worth every penny and I can't wait to see what else they add to it.  I'm not crying for lack of on-line multiplayer.  And, the game has some AI in it, so you can even play solo if you want.  (I also really like the 'drop in' / 'drop out' feature A LOT.  Very handy.)  I realize that a lot of people like that component and want it... but the magic here is playing with 3 other friends all in the same room."
76561198116121666,Recommended,293780,21146603,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ShadowCleric,"Great game, it is the best quick play multiplayer game ive ever played"
,Recommended,293780,20989329,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,felres,This game is my favorite multiplayer PC game yet. Extremely recomended if you have more than one friend to play with.
,Recommended,293780,21143001,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SexyBtch554,"This game is a wonderful example of a group of developers who continue to make their game better and better, and are not total moneygrubbers! I mean this is one of those games i have come back and played for HOURS on end (i did however play it mostly on a different account.) This game is super unique and super fun, with a really excellent 4v1 system(wish they could have implemented something half as good as this in Evolve.) And there are so many things to unlock. New challenges. Et cetera. This game is AMAZING! I honestly can't think of a single thing wrong with it. For 9.99, this is an excellent buy to play on your own, to play with a friend, or as i use it a really great game for game night when you have a nice group coming in. Powerhoof, Thank you SOO much and i look forward to seeing much more from you."
76561198010786164,Recommended,293780,21194872,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Trapper Keeper,This game is incredible.
,Recommended,293780,21157043,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Salty pizza,good game
,Recommended,293780,21354134,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GonadSteadyBlade,"Crawl is one of the most refreshing, yet reminescent 4 man vs game ive played in a long time. the controls and play design are intuitive yet manage to have both an arcade feel, and the finesse of a highskillcap game. Additionally the art style and game direction is absolutely inspired, monsters slerp and skitter about, while the hero brandishes his weapon with strength and purpose.the hero/monsters feel menacing and involved yet there mechanics are intuitive enough to pick up and play for any gamer. The game is very well composed and every aspect of its art style feels very appropriate and contributory. there are (as always with early access) a handful more game options id like to see, but i have confidence they will come in time. overall a heartfelt loveletter to gaming days of yore, a must buy for any one who remembers a videogame arcade.8/10 in early access"
,Recommended,293780,21221704,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,A Bennying Benny,if they add online multiplayer this might be my favorite game
,Recommended,293780,21379458,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Barkyu,One of the best games out there I love having my friends over and playing it the face to face expirence is great and even if no online comes ill still have a great time with it
76561198038634490,Recommended,293780,25794731,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ajsindri,"I love everything about this game. I hope they make some new enviroments with a spin on the rules to keep it fresh, but even what is here is excellent . This is like super smash bros as an rgp."
76561198108790903,Recommended,293780,30882803,Posted: 1 April,all,UpcastCentaur9,"This game has a retro style of gameplay, but also has modern details for the game to have a all in all great look. I liked the concept of having friends try and kill you and even the monsters that you can possess.With all this being said, I would also like to see:2v2- Two knights, two specters andDifferent variety of weaponsReally liked the game, and I hope more updates are on the way to improve the overall gameplay for Crawl."
,Recommended,293780,25783563,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,skyrix03,"I cannot sing enough praise for this game. I host game nights almost every weekend at my house and the one title that inevitably gets brought up every single solitary time is CRAWL. This game has felt complete for a long time already but the Devs just keep pumping out more content, polish, and mechanics. This in my mind is the bar that has been set for every other Couch Competitive game out there, Great job guys, if you make more games after CRAWL it will without a doubt be in my steam library."
76561198009387783,Recommended,293780,27193564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thailander,"This game is awesome.Pros -Art is greatSimple but compellingAI is challenging but not crushing.Unlockables are encouragingCons -No online matching for real peopleI could see it getting old after all the unlockables have been acheived.All in all, i suggest this game heartily especially for the pixel enthusiast and the guy that like playing as a monster."
76561198117988908,Recommended,293780,27101393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ErrDivideByZero,"If you can get a group of four people together, hook up a bunch of controllers to your computer, and use an HDMI from your computer to a tv, easily one of the most fun local co-op games i can think of."
,Recommended,293780,27348802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OriginShadow,This is an amazing game to play at home with friends and family!Designed like a classic arcade game with amazing content.Endless replayability!
76561198213898571,Recommended,293780,27351668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Big Man Jushowey,"Crawl certainly deserves more popularity than it has at the moment. When I first got it, I built up 6 hours of playtime within a day, and it was worth it. It's a little bit complicated to play with 3 or 4 people using only a keyboard, but Crawl is still great game to play by yourself, due to the AI for the bots being so good. The controls are really easy to learn, and you can play it with only your mouse, which is good for me, because I love lying in my bed while my computer is a few meters away from me. All in all, it's a great game, so keep up the good work!"
76561198033322016,Recommended,293780,27288215,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Klaq,"Crawl continues to be one of the most underrated games in terms of flavor, gameplay, and fun. Playing with either friends or alone Crawl gurantees a good time of trying out different builds fighting against interesting bosses and enemies, and taking back your humanity."
,Recommended,293780,27239396,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,₪Tiki₪,"This game is extremely fun to play with friends, and still pretty fun to play by yourself. If it had online multiplayer it'd be game of the century but that's pretty difficult for indie games to do."
,Recommended,293780,26415175,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,5iM,Fun stuff to play with your friends
,Recommended,293780,26587070,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,leafmask,I'm starting to really love this game. It's so fun to play on the couch with my wife. :D The style is unmatched of any other game. It has just the right amount of challenge due to the people you're playing with will generally be better than bots at killing you. I definitely recommend you get this game if you want a fun offline experience with friends at home.
,Recommended,293780,12193425,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[TB] Konjus,"So much fun, best couch co-op in years. Playing this with friends is awesome, as it is very competitive and gameplay is fun! Just get it already! Unless you have no friends in real life, then I would not buy as it has no online matchmaking and AI just isn't as fun.EDIT: With new updates making things fresh, it is still awesome. And bloody good fun. Everytime I have a friend over we throw down in this excellent brawler."
,Recommended,293780,26569652,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Trill Gates,Spectacular game!
,Recommended,293780,26645264,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TakeMeHome,Best Party/Dungeon game yet.
,Recommended,293780,20167926,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dragonberry,"Fantastic game! Really good fun for parties and (once you put the bots on hard) even the solo game is worthwhile. Definitely worth the money, especially on sale. Couldn't recommend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,293780,20168831,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Angel Of Death,"this is my favorite game so far, I only wish they would add more maps and give like each different map different things to encounter"
76561198030968128,Recommended,293780,20212920,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,佤山汉子,"Have a lot of fun play with AI, expect great fun play with friends."
76561198035600750,Recommended,293780,20027086,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sergeant Marshmellow,"Awesome art style, Best pixel animation ive seen in a while, bots are really good allthough they dont change much from difficulty settings, balance is pretty good, awesome that its still in development, 2 (soon 3) new bosses for the hero to fight and the ghosts to control, new monsters and items every now and then. Overall a great game. Totally worth 10 and even more so worth 8 euros"
,Recommended,293780,20122122,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ovicior,Amazing with friends. A must buy.
,Recommended,293780,21828266,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pandan,"this game is fun, if you can manage to convince your fa66ot friends to sit down and play a round.once they do, they'll love it too."
,Recommended,293780,21828675,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SpaceMissile,Fantastic game! I play it with friends all the time. It actually inspired me to buy a few controllers and to treat my pc like a console. It's pretty fun that way; I'd recommend it.I really wish there were more bosses and monsters and things. Maybe we'll get an update sometime!
76561198017482176,Recommended,293780,21817264,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mama Luigi,"PROS:The easiest way I can describe it is that it's concept reminds me of The Legend of Zelda but only if one character plays as Link where you're a little guy with a sword and the other plays as Ganon where you summon monsters of all kind after the little guy with the sword. It's a really fun concept and I can see Powerhoof is trying to take as much advantage of this as they can, which of coarse is FREAKING AWESOME! I like how you don't even need to power up all the eldritch stones to activate the portal to the boss and how it's a different monster with it's own unique mechanics depending on how many you have powered up.This game is also a good example of how a video game doesn't need a real story what so ever to be enjoyable because it could leave your imagination up to do that if you wanted to like how it does for a silent protagonist's personality or motives. You can imagine the human as a hero and the ghost(s) as the villain, or the human as the villain or the ghost(s) as the hero(s), or there could be no good guy here at all but instead just poor souls fighting over a change at freedom and riches like a bunch of hungry wolves fighting over a dead rabbit. The possibilities are endless to what it could be happening down in the caverns.CONS:As fun as the game is and as much as I hate to admit it, the only thing that could make it complete is if they do put together a little online feature where you can play with friends from all over. Sure it's got local co-op AND I know that it's still on there to do list, but my point still stands that online is the only thing that's missing. But even with online still yet to be a reality, the game is pretty solid even when playing by yourself. Though when I played it by myself, I couldn't help but notice there's some slight kinks in the ghosts' AI. But it's still early access and these kinks do seem pretty minor like sometimes the ghosts would stay stuck in a corner for some reason, interracting with a trap that you're no where near which only happened once for me and they stopped obviously as soon as I left the room.ALL IN ALL:Really solid game, enjoyable even when playing by yourself, still waiting on that online even after a year and a bit but they can take there times since I'm sure they're getting to that soon."
,Recommended,293780,25227063,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,LocustLab,"FUN.Thats all there is to it.One problem though, very difficult to see where you are constantly, especially as a ghost. Maybe orbs above heads with colors indicating who is who? Even when entering traps and monsters?If you can do that 10/10~if not 9/10  games fun and wonderful to play"
,Recommended,293780,30850402,Posted: 31 March,all,CrushablePaper,"Absolutely love this game. I try to get my friends over just to play it. It will have you on the edge of your seat. And when you get a sneaky final blow and steal the humanity with a box, it is sooooooo satifying."
76561198170012762,Recommended,293780,24916996,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheGooseLord,Amazing game 11/10 would win over my 7 year old brother again... and again... and again.........you know i should really get some friends...
76561197993343783,Recommended,293780,25933543,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkenedChaos,"I do enjoy this game when I have friends over, but really wish there was online play."
,Recommended,293780,25797794,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,EdDBoi,"I have to really say that I thoroughly enjoy every time I play this game. Within the two times I brought 3 friends along we've alloted 7 accumulative hours, roughly 5 of them being in the first sitting we had. Gameplay wise it's literally a game where one person is the main human and the other players try killing that one person. Whoever gets the killing blow turns into the human and the cycle continues until someone defeats the main boss (after reaching level 10) or until three separate occassions players lose to the boss. Overall I'd say pick it up, even in early access."
,Recommended,293780,25801564,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,schizm,This game is a blast even against just the AI.Now to figure out how to get it to run via game streaming on my shield tv...
76561198058223323,Recommended,293780,25949232,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Griffith did nothing wrong,Great game just needs online.
,Recommended,293780,19956536,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sa3d,Been a while since i played such a good multiplayer game.it's really perfect and the cycle of the game though it is short and simple but really addciting !!i loved it. My friends loved it and im sure it will pleases you if you get it and play with your friends ^_^
,Recommended,293780,25598294,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,King Conker,"This game is the ULTIMATE PARTY GAME!!!Whether you love trying new monsters evolutions, or slay with new exciting items, you'll have an amazing time with your friends. You can still play against bots, but the huge surprise come while trying to steal that last hit against the hero, or rushing to buy something before anyone can.Are you into traps, go ahead, there are monsters and items that help you with that. You can even troll with a jelly on a traps-only room. There are only two bosses, but the fun of trying different parts of the behemoth is awesome. Unlockable content and challenges for further enjoyment and the classic arcade style will rock your games with your friends.The music is great and, since it is still a beta, go ahead and ask for an online mode!!!Support this gem!!!!Go slay your friends!"
,Recommended,293780,25537075,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Terrible Stu,"Some of the most fun I've had sitting around a screen with my friends. A perfect blend of tight hack'n'slash gameplay, just-deep-enough RPG elements, and friendship-ending multiplayer tension, all wrapped up in a 20-30 minute match.The lack of online multiplayer is a tragedy, but an absolute joy to play otherwise."
,Recommended,293780,24722783,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Carl Sagan,Really great multiplayer couch fun.Could do with trimming some of the fat mechanics and animations to make things a bit simpler and easier to learn.
76561198000163487,Recommended,293780,24710999,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Layer01,Awesome Game!Get some friends and kill each other in 4p local multiplay!Or have no friends and still enjoy the game against the bots.Tons of fun.
,Recommended,293780,25064675,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,JEFFLUM,if you have some good friends or planing to have a party this is a good game for that( as long you have some controllers)
,Recommended,293780,25064705,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ThePotatenOverlord,Holy ^$(@ NOT THE WORM!!! NOOOOOOO!!! {Dies to friend playing as the worm}{2 Hours Later}YAS! Take this! Ima FIrNIN MAH LAZORS!!! {Friend dies to the same worm}Please play this game if you like brutally smashing your friends to a pulp and take over human bodies.>:)
76561198107238066,Recommended,293780,25041982,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Funsized Asian,"Even if you don't have friends, it's still fun. By that I mean real life friends, not steam ones. :("
76561198065145620,Recommended,293780,20512958,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Vape Dad,"Every time I have friends over we play a few rounds, Hell I'll drag my PC to a friends house to play this game sometimes, we just can't get enough. 10/10 would kill boss with berserk+repeater again"
,Recommended,293780,20515296,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ClownLotion,This game reminds me of a time when I actually had to leave the house to play video games with strangers.
76561198033657322,Recommended,293780,20499829,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,why is the character limit so sm,"every time I play this game it's a delight. Getting a few friends together and doing our best to ruin each others plans is a fantastic. the action is tight, the mechanics are easy to understand, and the aesthetic is perfectly aligned holistically. I love this game. If this ever got online play I would be playing it all day."
,Recommended,293780,20151328,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,agathor115,fun game a bit lacking in content if you ask me but still fun alone and with friends but it wont last long alone so in that case i dont recomend it otherwise its a blast... (edit) but please add in online multiplayer the game is ruined without it .so yeah keep updating maby add more fun creative bosses aswell
76561197972868913,Recommended,293780,18720491,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,carwin,Greatly enjoyable local multiplayer game with an enthusiastic dev team. Only caveat is it's not much fun alone. Highly recommended assuming you're in the position to play with some friends!
76561198041835319,Recommended,293780,18633425,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,EpeeSteven,"Truely an amazing game to just grab a few controllers, sit down with your friends in front of a computer, and scream angrilly at eachother while trying to kill the hero because Logan screwed up and was terrible at shooting Patrick with the big lazer beam as the boss making us loose the fight! Not a whole lot like it really :)"
,Recommended,293780,18621276,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Quinton Starbanger IV,My friends and I wanted a good game to play splitscreen while over at each others houses and this was quiet thew find for us. The gameplay is simple enough that people can pick it up pretty well on their first play and rarely does it feel unbalanced. The most unbalanced it ever gets is when someone makes a really lucky find at a shop and has a nice magic effect or always has the most money to buy out the passives on the far left table. My only complaint is the lack of bosses as their are only 2 and one is much easier than the other but more are promised.  It's a great split screen for 4 or less people to sit down on a couch and kill a few hours.
76561198040696137,Recommended,293780,18690249,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,xXxLASERCHICKENxXx,"Wow, phenomenal game. Truely cutting edge for a rouge-like with mechanics that keep you wanting to play continuously. Within about 2 hours I managed to play around 5 full games all with different out comes. Leveling and upgrading is genius and pretty indepth for how basic it is. Can't wait to see what the final game will look like.(Keep the co-op local!)"
76561198204819745,Recommended,293780,18654881,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Galva - Галва,"Absolute Must Buy-If you like classic dungeons and dragons style rpg, then get this game! This is basically a dungeon crawler, but fun!"
,Recommended,293780,18660161,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lil' Devil Teemo,"This game feels surprisingly complete for being in early access, and everyone I play with loves it. My younger brothers enjoy it, despite their age, and my friends love to play a few games of Crawl now and then. The fantastic art, combined with some amazing gameplay make for the ultimate couch game. Every death feels like your own fault, and you will hate yourself all the more because of it. 11/10 IGN."
76561198076827718,Recommended,293780,18661992,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Goldmace,"Bought this game to play with friends. it is a little annoying that not all keyboards can do mutiple players, but not enough of a handycap to ruin the game. Crawl is a humungus amount of fun both single and mulitplayer."
76561198018141842,Recommended,293780,18573725,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,sniff,All Hail Glub! Dank Lord of Fertility!
,Recommended,293780,18561758,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TimeToGrind,"Literally the best local multiplayer game I have ever played. The bots are terrible in this game though, so if you don't have some friends and a couple of controllers I would not suggest getting this game, but if you do get it now."
,Recommended,293780,18558383,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fritz,The ♥♥♥♥ing dopest!
,Recommended,293780,14083489,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,мємєℓσя∂,What's better than slaughtering your closest friends? Nothing. Nothing is better.
76561198004520873,Recommended,293780,13574058,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Arseny,Great gave for a night with friends. Three or four players are much more fun then two.
76561198042121730,Recommended,293780,27720982,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GriffinWings,Awsome fun game that you can spend tons of time on.Great to play with freeeeeeeeeeinds
76561198101348632,Recommended,293780,27705516,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[NOT FaZe] Dumpling,"Crawl is an asymetrical multiplayer action roguelike.This game is for you if:-You think you are the best roguelike player in existance-You and your friends want something new to play-You like games that are in EA-You like pixel graphics=and cool soundtracksMy Experience:I like the fact that this game can be easily competative and easily run from many laptops. I've played this a lot offline at school and at parties. I just bring a laptop, a cable, and some controllers. Instantly I have a game everyone wants in on. The game is not that hard to learn either: there are only two buttons you can press aside from moving with the joystick. They also allow players to play solo against computers so you don't have to have friends over to play. Overall this game is well worth the $10.00. And while there is no online multiplayer there are setups with game streaming and team viewing to play with a friend or two."
76561197995098927,Recommended,293780,27772003,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Baron,Best party game ever.
76561197995195192,Recommended,293780,27775120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sharkashark,"This is a great game, you should play it."
76561198078292043,Recommended,293780,27672020,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,QuArXeL,Great game with friends. Very fun and satisfying. Reasonably priced.
,Recommended,293780,11625808,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tasty Num Nums,"If you have friends to play this with locally please, for the love of God, do yourself a favor and get this game."
,Recommended,293780,28583639,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr.Charless,"Impressively addictive, and entertaining. As soon as it finished downloading I played it nonstop, the game goes more in depth than I expected, it has amazing visuals and soundtrack. I truly am looking forward to the finished game."
,Recommended,293780,28545284,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,cornthecobs,"Wow this game is just literally awesome, the devs at powerhoof make a small but lovely game you can never get bored from, when a friend is round and you're fed up of playing same old multiplayer games you usually play? Plug in a controller let your friend use the mouse and if there is another then let him use the keyboard and this becomes SO FUN! Even on your own this game is amazing! So for the cheap price it's at well it's worth more if you ask me. Hehe."
,Recommended,293780,30979650,Posted: 6 April,all,COLURS,"Definitely recommended. This game is amazing for some time with friends, or a challenge for yourself. The asymetrical design makes for fun and interesting gameplay."
76561198106211380,Recommended,293780,28531251,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gpupdate /force,"If you enjoy crushing your friends, driving them towards your feet and hearing the lamentations of the women. I would recommend this game.Pro tip: It is fun to make ghost sounds while flying in circles when the Hero is at the Shop."
,Recommended,293780,28022569,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,patient zero,"the arcade style, fast pace, and loacal mulitplayer make this my favorite party game."
,Recommended,293780,20433724,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Amon,Solid game.The a.i. is good enough to be entertaining by themselves and well made (no obvious exploits or aimbotting).The developers seem to put a lot of thought into their design and are still adding content at a furious pace.A major request is online multiplayer and it is on my wishlist as well.  Couch co-op players are scarce these days.
,Recommended,293780,28452928,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kielbasa,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing good. Graphics are ye olde but the music and animations are perfect. I'm glad local multiplayer is coming back.
,Recommended,293780,26975239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Firestorm,"Crawl is an excellent party game with dramatic fights, tense encounters, and overall a joyful time with friends"
76561198030789697,Recommended,293780,26994331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jamminbeezy,Still only getting better.
,Recommended,293780,26994721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpl_Tunnel,"This game is not bad solo, but it is MADE to be played multiplayer.  Online multiplayer would be a great addition, but it really shines as a party game.  The ""kill the hero, become the hero"" aspect makes this such a dynamic experience that is much better enjoyed in the company of friends.  I have a soft spot for well-executed pixel graphics, and Crawl nails that.  Even at full price, this is well worth your time."
,Recommended,293780,27006556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ktmn110,"Crawl is a spectacular local multiplayer game.  It pits you against your friends in a frantic race to level up, get better loot, and beat the boss, while keeping friends from the opportunity to level up."
,Recommended,293780,26966490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,amiba,"Crawl is one of my favourite games because it's fun to play by yourself and it's even more fun to play with your friends. It offers a  very versatile gameplay, being able to buy all kinds of items and spells from the vendor and being able to choose what monster you play as while dead and to upgrade them and buff them. I'd totally recommend this game for gamers who gather small or large groups in one place to play games and have fun,"
76561198040222476,Recommended,293780,27009015,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Belfurion,This games a blast. Love the couch coop. The kids even got in on a few rounds. Brings me back to the old days of playing mario party and smash.
,Recommended,293780,21114575,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,IMOGaming,"This game is def a treat to play with bots or with other friends in the room.You have a total of 4 players.One player starts off as The HeroThe other 3 players act as Ghosts that are tasked with killing the Hero player so that they, in turn, can become The Hero Themselves.The first person of the 4 players to reach level 10, go through the portal and kill the Final Boss wins!The gameplay is some of the best MP fun to be had, the only big downsides I found was that it's Local-Only Multiplayer..on PC which may break the purchase for a lot of people understandably. Thankfully you can play with Bots who have 3 different difficulties.The other issue I found was a bit of unbalanced gameplay when there are 4 players. There just isn't enough resources gained with the 4 players to max out your monsters or really get powerful with your Hero character some of the time.Here's a review of the game if you'd like to see more!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TZr--pOiZQ"
76561198249049404,Recommended,293780,21001100,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MattGotStuck,"This is how all dungeon crawling games should feel.  Not even close to the same everytime because the enemies and traps are controlled by the other people (or bots) and they are randomly generated each time... only thing is it doesnt have online multiplayer which I could live without, but ya know that would be really awesome."
76561198048368852,Recommended,293780,21956876,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,C0mrade,Is game i play with Michael and Roman. Much vodka is used and make hero strong and brave like bear.
,Recommended,293780,21950906,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,JustTheTibb,"$10 is an absolute steal for this game. One of the few Early Access games I've bought that has no hint of buyer's remorse at all. You owe it to yourself to buy this game ASAP. This game has the best local multiplayer experience I've had since Towerfall Ascension.Grab some friends, kill each other (in-game or otherwise), have a great time!"
76561198083121090,Recommended,293780,17319070,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,CentrallyHim,"This is set to be the 'Smash Bros' of Steam. Quick easy balanced gameplay that doesn't get old, hilarious animations and art, and a genuinely novel player/dungeon mechanic (you play as both in a single match) that will leave you desperate for more win or lose.Highly, Highly recommended to play with friends, but even bots put up a more than worthy fight at higher difficulties."
76561198067030799,Recommended,293780,17345720,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Beast58,"Extremely fun game, love the retro graphics, and its simple to learn.  It has replay value too, the one thing it desperately needs is an online multiplayer feature."
76561198098639395,Recommended,293780,17237105,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,twiinCalamities,"Crawl is a brilliant game. I love it. It's a great competitive game to play with your friends, or, if none are around at the moment, you can have 1-3 NPCs instead, with Easy, Normal, and Hard difficulties. You can have up to TWO players with just one Keyboard and mouse. Player One uses the Mouse, and Player Two uses the Keyboard. It's simple really."
,Recommended,293780,17259264,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,MaiKeLin,Amazing I love how active the devs are. Keep the updates comeing
,Recommended,293780,17260256,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Spookbin0,"Absolutely amazing. Entertaining, balanced, and an all-round enjoyable game. I only wish it was multiplayer via a program like Hamachi."
,Recommended,293780,17328707,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,The Duke of Lies,This is amazing. I loff it. would play every day 10/10. Only suggestion is adding an online multiplayer. PLZ.
,Recommended,293780,29177121,Posted: 10 January,all,"Wait, Wat?","It was fun, but killing the Hero is too easy now. It should be more of a ""wear him down"" process rather than killing him in one or two rooms."
,Recommended,293780,29130352,Posted: 8 January,all,Coco_the_Dog_arf,"Really great local multiplayer party game. Hack and slash, roguelike, action rpg with magic abilities and all the fixings! The great hook with this game is that you and your friends play AGAINST each other.Gameplay:This game is usually played with four players, and if you're short on players you can use bots instead. One character can be the ""hero"" at a time, while the others play as disembodied ghosts whose objective is to strike a killing blow on the ""hero."" Once a ghost accomplishes this, they then become the ""hero."" Ghost players can possess traps, objects, and summon playable monsters in an effort to kill the hero. With every creature the hero kills, that player receives experience and can level up. Once a player reaches level 10, they can go through a portal and fight the boss, and if successful, win the match.After every playthrough you unlock more traps, monsters, and bosses.Verdict:Great party game to play together with friends on the couch, and a great way to end friendships :)"
,Recommended,293780,27636801,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bellator Rex,"Kill your friends, get killed by your friends, rage as you don't get the killing blow on your friends, gloat as you make your friends die on the boss.Still in development though. Needs more bossfights.8/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,293780,14712143,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Sleepy Bean Person,"This game is an absolute joy - I've yet to experience playing it with my friends, but, as in so far, it's proved to be a very enjoyable experience either way."
,Recommended,293780,14753558,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Charles Stiles Mystery Diners,"This is another game I played with a few friends for our youtube channel and quite honestly I think they're selling it for far too cheap. This game combines everything good about dungeon crawlers, four player versus/co-op, rpgs and beat em ups and is just a wild ride of fun. If you have three other people to play this with, well...why haven't you gotten it yet? Go, rapidimente!"
76561197961590739,Recommended,293780,14754779,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,CaptainKano,"Just played for the first time last night - oh my goodness is this game fun.  The art scheme is fantastic, the controls are excellent, pretty much every aspect of this game is superb.  Playing as the hero is fun and if someone playing seems to be unkillable the other players are handicapped by gaining vitae which allows them to upgrade their monsters and give them an edge.  Anyways just take my word for it and buy it already - if you are trying to build your library of local co-op games to be played on the couch with friends this is a must have."
,Recommended,293780,33491747,Posted: 12 July,all,Acceler01,"The game is very well made and is well worth the money, if you have friends to play with it is great fun to use the slug and shot them while dodging away while hearing their complaints. The game has alot of content and will drain hours because of it."
76561198014858644,Recommended,293780,33512011,Posted: 13 July,all,Isaya Ragnes,You know the game is realy fun to play when even going solo with bots you have a blast.
76561198079504902,Recommended,293780,33509044,Posted: 13 July,all,Dynosaur,Dying is fun in this game
76561198035247237,Recommended,293780,33617739,Posted: 17 July,all,Trashman,rewarding to learn and play
76561198122873080,Recommended,293780,32295847,Posted: 9 June,all,CoboltRaner,"If you don't have friends to play this game with locally: Worry not! The bots are quite a challenge. What is that? You are a ""god"" at games like this? Well, try taunting an actual god and win against the hard bots. Don't think you'll be so cocky after the gods screw you over.If you have friends to play with locally, then buy it. It's great."
76561198194541581,Recommended,293780,32350712,Posted: 11 June,all,Magwitch,"This game is incredibly addicting, and even more fun with a group of friends. As of right now, online multiplayer isn't a thing yet which is sort of a blessing and a curse, since I would imagine it would be less exciting over the internet and it encourages you to have friends over. As for the game itself, there are a lot of monsters (though even more would be fantastic) and plenty of weapons and items to choose from in the shop. It really feels like a polished game despite just recently leaving early access, and I feel like it would be near perfect if a couple new bosses were added and online multiplayer made possible for people who have a harder time gathering a group of people to play with. Overall, I would strongly recommend this game to anybody who enjoys local multiplayer games and has at least one or two other people to join them."
,Recommended,293780,32343644,Posted: 11 June,all,[BFG]Kreegah,"Excellent and fun couch-game! Grab your friends, and try not to get killed. Or do you best to kill them with insidious traps and monsters!"
76561198384608139,Recommended,293780,32368984,Posted: 12 June,all,Dragon-Corgi101,Fun Game.Great for those looking for a fast paced dungeon crawling experience.10/10
,Recommended,293780,25079295,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SoulReaper1356,I bought this way back when it very first came out for I think it was 69p and to watch this game evolve over this period of time is amazing. This is a brilliant dungeon clrawler that was very thought out and has that retro/ arcade style to it to make it feel more like a classic dungeon crawler. I love the idea of taking control of monsters to kill your friends with and the progression based evolution of your monsters as you can choose what you want to evolve. This choices of evolvution are pretty wide making each playthrough feel dyanamic and unqiue. All in all this game is hours of fun with alot of replayability and I definetly reccommend that you buy it.
,Recommended,293780,32230238,Posted: 6 June,all,Linder,Amazing Game.  I spent hours with my friends killing each other in this game.
76561198217267049,Recommended,293780,32224522,Posted: 6 June,all,Sizzl3,Endless fun! Strongly recommend!
,Recommended,293780,32413980,Posted: 14 June,all,keV-o™,"Extremely fast paced when you add 3 bots on Hard. I love to challenge myself and play on the most difficult modes in games, this game is perfect for that. It'll be one hundred times better if it had online multiplayer to be able to play with others online when you can't localy.I definately recommend this game, atleast to try it out!"
76561198126517906,Recommended,293780,32395798,Posted: 13 June,all,ThatSteemyPanda,honestly one of my favorite party games!cleverfunnyand funWHY WOULDNT U PLAY A GMAE WHERE U CAN CRUSH UR FRIENDS AS MONSTERS BEYOND COMPREHENSION!!!!!!!!!!!!but srsly if u need more proof check my hours
76561198086488268,Recommended,293780,32395766,Posted: 13 June,all,Omega Noodle,everything anyone has at fault with this game is the lack of online multiplayer... I agree online would make it basiclly perfect.
,Recommended,293780,27995073,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,saviour89,Worth. Every. God damn. Penny.
76561198113218497,Recommended,293780,13506996,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Astro-Creep,"Amazing game to play locally on the couch with friends, easy to learn controlls for beginnners.Totally unique gameplay compared to anything else I've played.A sinister aesthetic and soundtrack."
76561198080830871,Recommended,293780,31957848,Posted: 25 May,all,General Squad Leader (lukemac),I love the style and vibes of this game...NEEDS ONLINE MULTIPLAYER!
,Recommended,293780,31964591,Posted: 25 May,all,Darkbringer35,Me and my Roomates got into a huge fight while playing this game which almost made all of us want to move out.
76561198243838732,Recommended,293780,32065406,Posted: 30 May,all,Astropulse,"This game is incredible, the artwork, the sounds, the music, the gameplay. This game isPERFECT."
,Recommended,293780,32037261,Posted: 29 May,all,SquidKid,Enjoyable but I would love online multiplayer to be added in the future. I have a lot of friends online that I would like to play with.
,Recommended,293780,28975164,Posted: 3 January,all,Shorins,Meta is busted
,Recommended,293780,20895410,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jiro Yakuza,No commendI only write this to give this game an upvoteBecause this is the perfect LAN-Party game!EDIT on release:This game is still going strong!
,Recommended,293780,31075746,Posted: 11 April,all,Caffeine Please,Incredible. It's got me scheduling a LAN party at this very moment. And I've barely played it!
76561198220362680,Recommended,293780,23127372,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kidz bop enthusiast,it hurt my pee pee
76561198081073976,Recommended,293780,31090946,Posted: 11 April,all,Mediocre Joe,I bought this game well before release date because it's honestly a great game. I was first exposed to it from Sumpt Games on YouTube and I had to pick it up immediately to play with friends. It's a shame that I can't play it more now that high school is over as couch co-op can be a lot more limiting than it sounds. Although there's plenty of unlockables so you can spend some time grinding those out if you want to while waiting for your next get together. Online play would be amazing but if that is what you're going to buy it for then you better wait. Really glad to finally be a part of a successful and honest Early Access campaign. Great work devs : )
76561198135799167,Recommended,293780,31104803,Posted: 12 April,all,Iron Virgin,Game shuld be reamed to How to lose frends simmulator. Great game!
,Recommended,293780,26408794,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FourthToe,"Everything I could want in a local co-op game. Runs on anything, great visuals, great soundtrack, fun gameplay. A must-own for fans of local coop.EDIT: Congrats, Devs! Love you guys!"
,Recommended,293780,21868637,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Samurai Jack TH,I got this game during the early phase of early access. The improvement in gameplay mechanics is incredible!Update: Happy about the game release! Congrats to the developers!
76561198283246805,Recommended,293780,31119740,Posted: 13 April,all,Dabs Magee,One hell of a party game. Only problem is if you don't have anyone to play locally with you it's kind of boring. Tons of fun otherwise.
76561198198070415,Recommended,293780,19871682,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Öof,"if you're reading this, shut up you idiot and buy the damn game"
76561198004493283,Recommended,293780,30266088,Posted: 1 March,all,tentacruel,"Really interesting concept, and beautiful art design. This was a smash hit with my friends. Feels a bit like once someone gets a snowball of kills going though it's hard to stop them."
,Recommended,293780,31166376,Posted: 15 April,all,Dr. Philgood,Great game. I love it and can't put it down. It's a lot more fun if you play it with other people! Great for parties!
76561198127730236,Recommended,293780,19812134,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SneakyTurtle,"Crawl is a fun, fast paced, local multiplayer, dungeon crawler that is one of the most addicting games I've played, and if you have some friends you can easily play it for hours without realising it, and the bosses are a blast to fight."
,Recommended,293780,30921007,Posted: 3 April,all,Spiffy Mc Jiffy,OH MY LORD NOW THAT THE GAME IS IN FULL RELEASE HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD I THOUGHT THE EARLY ACCESS WAS GOOD OH THE HUMANITY.Money well spent.
,Recommended,293780,31156129,Posted: 15 April,all,GoosieJuice,"This game is so. Damn. Good. Had me and my buddy howling whilst we were trying to muck each other over as much as possible. Trust me, it's super worth it."
76561197973250756,Recommended,293780,26729423,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Wicked Wombat,"Absolutely amazing game. It's fun to play in singleplayer, but brilliant in multiplayer. Buy this and ruin your friendships by spawning blobs in tight corridors with lots of traps. 10/3 would ruin friendships again."
,Recommended,293780,30134241,Posted: 23 February,all,math.,Great game to play with friends
76561197987808893,Recommended,293780,31206494,Posted: 17 April,all,Mutagen28,CRAWL just became my favorite party game. Thats saying a lot.
,Recommended,293780,31112382,Posted: 13 April,all,Maru,"Definitely one of the best Local-Coop games available.If you like pixel graphics, dark humor, fast and engaging gameplay, and having a ton of fun, I advice you to get this game!"
76561198069728546,Recommended,293780,31123090,Posted: 13 April,all,Uraraka Ochako,"An amazing game made specifically for being played with all of your buddies by your side, it's competitive, fun and overall really well made."
,Recommended,293780,30335416,Posted: 5 March,all,Fu!Bär,Best local multiplayer on steam!
,Recommended,293780,31202152,Posted: 17 April,all,The_Crystal_Clod,Get it if you have friends and love dungeon crawlers.
76561198008016832,Recommended,293780,31210232,Posted: 17 April,all,Judaes,"Well, bought it, tried it with a few friends... This game is incredible.The gameplay variety, pvp quality, and really just every detail about this game is pushed up to 10 out of 10. Abilities and monster/character mechanics are extremely satisfying, balanced, and effective to use. The game world stays true to a dark and scary dungeon theme, complete with pixel gore and exceptional voice acting.If you have ever played mario party or some fighting game on the couch with a friend or two, you will LOVE this game.I look forward to DLC with new monsters and bosses :)"
,Recommended,293780,30360336,Posted: 6 March,all,Taurtan,"If you have a bunch of friends over looking for something to do, this is probably the best solution. Normal I think pixel graphics are cancer, but they work well here. The game plays out almost like a board game in terms of rules and style. However the actual gameplay is fun and action packed. The narrorator that you see in the trailer is ever present and gives you a nice tale of why the four friends tried to kill each other at the begining of a round. It just adds a nice depth to it. I wish that there was more bosses, but it doesn't really take away much from the gameplay. For 15$ this game is a purchase I don't regret. This game is a perfect 10, which I can't say very often about games. Keep up the good work devs!P.S. With the two-button/joystick layout and focus on multiplayer, why hasn't this game been released for the Nintendo Switch? The joycons seem like they were made for this game. I don't even like the switch and this seems like it would be a perfect port for it..."
76561198139095697,Recommended,293780,30345366,Posted: 5 March,all,Walter Motrin,worth buying just for the narrator
,Recommended,293780,31323982,Posted: 23 April,all,InfernoGames,"This game is so cool! I saw it on steam and thought ""Huh, this must be pretty interesting."" So i bought it, and it was the best choice! I definetly would recommend this game to a friend.."
76561198103145465,Recommended,293780,31308574,Posted: 22 April,all,The legendary spycrab,only in crawl you can play as gabe newell upper cuting the hero you think im makeing this up i lack the talent to make this up
,Recommended,293780,31342930,Posted: 24 April,all,MFarR,Crawl- This is game is pure on amazing. Makes you feel like you went back old school and that is why i adore indie games SOO MUCH!Does it ever get boring?- NoPlay a lot?- YesAddicting?- YesRecommended to buy?- HELL YES!Not too hard and not too easy but just a challenge?- YesRemoves boredom?- TotallyITS A WHOPPING YES TO THIS GAME FROM ME MATTHIAS THANKYOU!
76561198056524953,Recommended,293780,31243267,Posted: 19 April,all,Radost,"Get this game, it's easy to lose a few hours in good company.The mechanics are fresh and it can be an ongoing thrill-ride at times, when everyone is trying their hardest to kill you first.It does well as ""easy to pick-up single-player"" and heathy-frustration is part of the game:""Just when you wanted to... X happens"" allot.Other: PG-young and GF-applicable approved. Fun learning curve. Absurd and grotesque, but well done."
,Recommended,293780,31233838,Posted: 19 April,all,Rictus,Really tickles my nostalgic bones.Great retro/arcade title with an original take on the genre.Dying is not the end.
,Recommended,293780,31235282,Posted: 19 April,all,Bird,10/10 would crawl again
76561198145343695,Recommended,293780,31232202,Posted: 18 April,all,Phantomn1nja,this is an amazing game with a neat concept that I have never seen before. the combat is smooth and the unlockables and bosses are unique and interesting. even though it can be played multiplayer it is still fun single player because the difficulty is set very well. give this game a try its worth it.
,Recommended,293780,31307287,Posted: 22 April,all,Nuttium,Much more re-playability than I expected! Definitely worth the cost.
,Recommended,293780,31311351,Posted: 22 April,all,check1240,I love this game!  It so much fun with a few freinds and xbox controllers.
,Not Recommended,293780,24704177,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,King Anger IX,"Unity game depicting a dirty, bloody, monster-infested cave, through the screen of a decrepit arcade cabinet. This aesthetic is just horrid. But the concept of ""vie for the human body then try to escape"" is interesting."
,Recommended,293780,31221231,Posted: 18 April,all,Betty is Best,"worth every cent, and absolute blast to play. The bots are challenging as well, enough that soplo play is still fun."
,Recommended,293780,31219560,Posted: 18 April,all,Velvet Thunder,"Great game for some competitive couch action.I enjoy the overall premis of Crawl, its simple but full of content and fun. I'm a big fan of dungeon crawlers and this gives the right mix of that, beautifly dark pixle art, co-op/competitive 1v3 action, intense boss fights, and lots of different items to find and beasts to unlock.The whole point of the game? To be the one adventurer to kill the boss and escape the dungeon, leaving your poor friends lost souls to rot! Whilist the rest of the of the players work together to bring you down, steal your humanity, and make a break for the exit theirselves.Well enjoyed, thank you"
76561198023912833,Recommended,293780,31263861,Posted: 20 April,all,[GER]MentorLegion,Very good! Lots of fun!
76561198066122921,Recommended,293780,31244732,Posted: 19 April,all,ohme33,"This is THE most fun couch Co-Op game I've ever played. It's fairly easy to pick up because it only has 3 controls, A, B, and movement, but it is extremely hard to master. It's pretty fun to play this game while you talk with friends so I'd recommend you play this with 3-4 people for the best experience, but even the single player is quite fun. I've played it for more hours than steam logs me for, back when you had to trade blood for gold.I LOVE this game, and if you like local co-op I'm pretty sure you'll love it too."
,Recommended,293780,31257603,Posted: 20 April,all,DanGraf,"= best reason yet to lock up 3 of your closest friends in a dungeon under your house, so you can play this incredible game as often as possible."
76561198012965925,Recommended,293780,28803306,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GyroGnome,10/10Would Slauter my friends again.
,Recommended,293780,28749624,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,El Kobold,One of the best party games out there.10/10 would insanely murder my friends again.
76561197973774604,Recommended,293780,28759513,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Angry Gnome,"Great party game. Brilliant concept blends traditional RPG mechanics with frantic couch multiplayer action. Graphics leave something to be desired; the lo-res style can make it difficult to learn the game at first. Despite this, loads of unlockable content and solid controls make this an easy reccomendation. Especially if you have roomates!"
,Recommended,293780,28862538,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,blackjokercz,"This game is totaly awesome. Gameplay is smooth, monsters are fun, 10/10"
,Recommended,293780,28975265,Posted: 3 January,all,Trio Enzyme,Super duper fun local co-op game for up to 4 players. Totally worth the price even in early access. The only downside (and it's a big one) is the lack of online co-op and the devs being uncertain if they'll add it at all. Otherwise it'd get 10/10 from me.8/10
76561198129934565,Recommended,293780,29198360,Posted: 11 January,all,Moldiworp,Greatest voice acting and dialogue in any game ever.
76561198058427673,Recommended,293780,29309639,Posted: 16 January,all,MeZoNeZo,"one of the games that makes you keep coming back, simple short and fun, and if played 4 players much more"
,Recommended,293780,29308135,Posted: 16 January,all,Meshinator,"Absolutely Amazing co-op game. Great for parties or get-togethers with friends and family. Get some controllers, grab some friends, and enjoy this. Lots of unlockables, in-game evolution trees (which are very well balanced) and a large variety of monsters and traps. It's total chaos and is by far the best with 4 players. I can personally attest to the content they've added since I purchased the game almost a year ago, and I'm excited to see what comes next. Definitely recommend."
76561198147534520,Recommended,293780,30045585,Posted: 19 February,all,bgamer222,"its good, i like, online would be cool though"
76561198027104941,Recommended,293780,30026338,Posted: 18 February,all,luciasar00,"This is the best couch game out of all possible couch games.For context: I play a great deal of couch games with a great variety of people, and what I've learned is that it can be a *challenge* to keep everybody having fun throughout the night. It's one thing to play games with a bunch of Melee pros, or a gaggle of drunk newbies, but what happens when you put them together? Either you play gang beasts, and the tryhards are bored to death, or you put on Samurai Gunn and the poor boy/girlfriend who got roped in gets their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them for the rest of the night. It seems like there's always someone who isn't having fun.But not with Crawl.The terrific basis of Crawl is that losing is *fun*. And the worse you are, the more fun it is. The more the tryhard in your group levels up, the bigger, uglier and more powerful your monsters are. Getting stomped for the first half hour? That's ok, now you have a *giant chicken ogre* to stomp that ****er with. It also serves as an auto-balancing system, so that even the worst player in the group has a chance for an epic comeback.But on the tryhard side, there's a host of options and optimization to sink your teeth into, as well as plenty of things you can pick up to make things more interesting. When one of our guys felt he was rampaging a little too hard, he got the item that gave him massively discounted items in exchange for randomly being turned into a frog - and spent the remainder of the game alternating between a raging fireball of spells and getting pulverized as a helpless amphibian. Taunt the gods to make your victory even sweeter through self-imposed hard-mode. It's a blast.Plus, the art's great. The gameplay is great. The variety and depth of content is great. The replayability is great. The dramatic lovecraft voiceovers at the start of every game are really, really great.There are a lot of good couch games this competes with. Duck game, towerfall, Gang beasts, speed runners... but crawl will always stay at the top of our list. If you've got that hard-to-please varied group of gaming friends who can't ever seem to have fun for a whole evening straight, this is the title for you."
76561198164950785,Recommended,293780,30044583,Posted: 19 February,all,T.C.Firefly,"This game is absolutly amazing! I had the game when it first came out and its only gotten better. It is worth the money, even if you dont have a gorup of friends to play with. The only thing I would want added is more bosses."
,Recommended,293780,30042137,Posted: 19 February,all,Crusher-of-Cities,"Completely surprised by how incredibly fun this is! If you like local multiplayer games, this is pretty much a must!At first glance, this looked like a funny concept that would be amusing for a game or two. Little did I realize how addicting this game can be!Pros:+Very simple controls (only two buttons)+Tons of unlocks and reasons to grind. There's a very large amount of content to unlock through continued gameplay, and what feels like virtually unlimited, Mugen-esque mod potential.+ AI bots - you can play this alone with AI bots tagging in for other players. No need for friends to enjoy it!+ Excellent balance system - Your hero levels up by killing monsters, and your monsters level up by other players' heroes leveling up... meaning in one player is dominating, everyone else gets stronger monsters to try and beat them back down+ Out-of-game challenges - Practice with monsters between games and see what you've unlocked+ Large variety of spells and equipment - Get awesome powers and cool weapons with both magic abilities and even cursed gear+ Cool boss battle concept - Try to win the game with 1vAll boss fightsCons (with suggestions):- The game has the potential to drag - With random gear in the shop, a hero can get powerful quickly or struggle to survive a few rooms in a row. Bosses can be rough without good gear, so there's no easy way to predict if a single playthrough will last 30 minutes or 90. There could probably be some sort of adjustable gold/XP/item-power/wrath settings that would allow players to customize for faster or slower playthroughs.- Only two buttons - Your ghosts have an Inhabit/Attack button, and a Special Attack/Exit button. Many a fight has been thrown at a critical moment by checking for a special attack only to basically forfeit the fight by leaving a monster/object. Just adding a third button for Inhabit/Exit would solve this- No online play - I really, really hope this is something they look into. I would buy a half dozen copies of this in a heartbeat if they added this feature.- Endgame item shopping is often a buyout - As you get to deeper levels, gold accumulates quickly and being the character alive when you enter the item shop usually turns into a shopping spree as you buyout most of the floor. It can be rough to keep your hero alive in endgame without proper gear. The game has a great mechanic of letting a new player teleport to the item shop after reviving his hero AND clearing the room, but that often doesn't help much if you're the second or third person to get to the shop that floor. And if you're undergeared, you probably won't live to the next floor/shop. I should stress, though... while this is an annoyance, it IS NOT game-breakingly bad by any means. This could be fixed with some sort of minimum item system per-player per-floor.Neutral notes:o The game is 1-4 players, and the mood of it changes a lot based on how many there are. 1v1 is a game of slow whittling and constant annoyance. Monster fights are sniping and kiting and trying to break them down over the course of rooms. 4-player games are basically royal rumbles every-other room, and the hero is swarmed with monsters, dies, is replaced by another player's hero who now still has to deal with the leftovers. Control often changes hands twice in a single room. 3-players is my favorite balance so far. Some sort of optional monster handicap setting could add more variety (option to boost in 1v1 for easier turnover, option to weaken in 4-player to make surviving longer easier)"
,Recommended,293780,29879450,Posted: 12 February,all,Pufferfish,"One of the best local multiplayer games out there, only critic is I wish there were more final bosses but other than that, a great game!"
76561198276690632,Recommended,293780,29972379,Posted: 16 February,all,cedartree227,8/10. I love this game. It is very creative and fun to play over and over again. Awsome game to have at a party. Only complaints is its only local multiplayer and not a huge variaty of bosses.
,Recommended,293780,29607517,Posted: 31 January,all,battlecake,This game is so much fun to play with a group of pals on the couch! It stays fresh with the new content that unlocks when you finish a game. I try to come back after every update. I haven't regretted my purchase even a little bit. GRAB THIS DANG GAME.
76561198068378375,Recommended,293780,29451683,Posted: 23 January,all,DrDjent,Thought this game looked fantastic and was really surprised when I found out it was even better than I had expected! Very fun and fast-paced action!
,Recommended,293780,31852447,Posted: 19 May,all,Corvax__,Its REALLY good.10/10
,Recommended,293780,31811655,Posted: 17 May,all,riseoftheginger,one of the better examples of early access.
,Recommended,293780,31848771,Posted: 19 May,all,Rìventhief,"Crawl is one of the most enjoyable competitve local multiplayer experiences out there. With it's frantic mechanic of the hero getting swarmed by monsters the other players control in hopes they will slay said hero and regain their own humanity. Constant fighting in every single room, while traps are activated at the ghosts' command. Tables and chairs are thrown around the room by the ghosts, allowing them to soften the hero down if they don't expect it and dodge. There's no time to wait around as the hero, not even at the shop as the ghosts will begin collecting slimes by gathering up spirits and will ambush the hero at any given time. Finally, once a hero have reached the requirements to face the boss and get out of this enternal torment, the hero will face the ghosts as the ghosts control everything the boss has in order to kill the hero and prevent him from escaping with the valued humanity.I would greatly recommed this game even if you don't have people around to play as the bots in the game are quite skilled and will mess you up if you are not focused, I'm looking forward to what this game has in store in the future."
76561198036684715,Recommended,293780,31946890,Posted: 25 May,all,Anxarcule,"I've been following this game for something like 2 years and was admittedly a little bummed that online multiplayer never made it in.  I decided to pick it up to try and coerce my wife to play with me (and for when my kids get older) - although I haven't yet played multiplayer I do find that the single player is a LOT of fun even with bots.I'm ~10 hours into the game and easily see myself coming back to it - some of the things I love about this game is the monster, weapon, spell, and room/trap variety, as well as you jump on for a quick 20-30 minute gaming session"
76561198058742922,Recommended,293780,31977050,Posted: 26 May,all,00theduke00,An awesome local multiplayer game that you will not regret buying
76561197972862521,Recommended,293780,27327393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,]Eggs[SharpShooter,"Crawl has become, unexpectedly, one of my favorite games. As an indie game, it will be money well spent (privded you have people to play with for some fantastic couch co-op). Get it, its great.I own a lot of shared/split-screen games. I tend to organize a bunch of team sports, and pre-drinking is mandatory. To this end, having simple to play, local co-op games is a must for some good rowdy entertainemt. Crawl is simple to play (moderately hard to master). There are only two buttons, attack and special but the hook is that it is dynamic 3v1 set up. A 'human' player competes against three 'ghosts' to gain enough levels to be the one that challenges the boss. Ghosts inhabit monsters to kill the 'human'. The one that lands the deadly blow becomes 'human'. As 'human' players level, ghosts get currency to in turn level up their mosters. Thus, if you can't get a kill on a human and everyone levels around you, you will have more to spen on leveling monsters, ergo a higher chance of getting the kill. As monsters do damage to humans they gain currency they can use if they become human in a shop to increase their effectiveness. Once someone reaches enough power to challenge a boss, the 3 ghots comibine to controll that boss to fight. Overall, the game design is solid, unique, and super fun. If there are no monsters to inhabit, ghost characters can controll various traps and jump into items to harrass the 'human'.I've had this game for a long time and the developers are still providing updates with more monster evolutions, more items to purchas in the shop, and more trap dynamics. The only even remotely (possibly)negative thing is they have yet to add to the roster of end game bosses (currently there are only 2).While the overall this is a simple game there is a slight learning curve (mainly what are the monster attack/specials, possible human specials). There is progression (unlocking monster evolves/items), but it is pretty quick. Super casual players may be turned off by this, but overall, whenever I bust this game out, response is always positive."
76561198019244812,Recommended,293780,31976107,Posted: 26 May,all,TranceAddict82,If you have friends to play this with locally its a blast.
76561198200064499,Recommended,293780,32000592,Posted: 27 May,all,Dr3amSoda,"Crawl is an amazing game that took a unique concept and expanded it into something huge allowing the player(s) to play as both the hero and the villain. The game has a pretty balanced battle system that allows both sides of gameplay to feel like they're on the same level. The game has a cool collection of monsters with its own set of attacks as well as designs that really make the game stand out, the game also allows the human to play very differently with stat decreases and increases and different weapon types that each have different effects. While I do believe that this is a fantastic game, I feel like its missing quite a lot of aspects that would make it a masterpiece. Firstly, while the game is quite fun as a local game, this game is missing out because of its exclusion of a multiplayer online feature. Another thing I believe that the game should have is more bosses. The game uses the same three bosses and after fightingKourokfor the 20th time it starts to get a little repetitive, the addition of more bosses and monsters would drastically spice up the gameplay. All in all, I believe Crawl is a pretty good game and while I do hope they add online- multiplayer, I still recommend this to those that want to play a fun dungeon crawler with friends close by."
76561198033937349,Recommended,293780,31922672,Posted: 23 May,all,Und9rCr0ft,"This is probably the best local coop game that I have played. With lots of replayability from different bosses and enemy monsters, in addition you can choose to taunt the god to give yourself a handicap if you need to even the playing field. The tutorial is short and replayable in the options, making it easy give a new player the gist of the game."
,Recommended,293780,31910196,Posted: 22 May,all,A Half Sane Sentient Spooksmith,The concept is phenomenal however being somone whose friends are in other states I dont really get to enjoy it so I refunded it. However if we saw a console release especially the Nintendo Switch I'd 100% buy it. I like the idea of taking this with me when I visit friends and family
,Recommended,293780,32114951,Posted: 1 June,all,-Jvox- HeartLess,Ive played ever since it first game to steam in the early stages and it was fun then its more fun now. You guys have added so much to this game its so much bigger than before!
,Recommended,293780,32401817,Posted: 13 June,all,Guts,Bask in the glory of the old gods. Feel their power surge as you slaughter fallen friends. The terrors ahead will leave you with nowhere to run. Crawl.
76561198158970342,Recommended,293780,32119439,Posted: 1 June,all,The Tartle Wizard,"This game is fantastic. Great party game to play co-op around the same screen with some friends. Gotta say, it's way more fun the be the monsters."
,Recommended,293780,31475829,Posted: 30 April,all,AfatChicken,Best game I've played in a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time!
76561198096151427,Recommended,293780,31432612,Posted: 28 April,all,GarrethGobblecoq,"Is good...no, gooder"
76561198029790575,Recommended,293780,31481154,Posted: 1 May,all,black-fm,This is one of the best couch-multiplayer games I've got to play
76561198036424203,Recommended,293780,31358117,Posted: 25 April,all,SyBorg,"Be the monster,  die because you are the mean monster. Pixel graphics make it so imaginative and fun"
,Recommended,293780,31493927,Posted: 1 May,all,Evy,Amazing indie
,Recommended,293780,31404799,Posted: 27 April,all,guac,"This game is so much fun and every playthrough is vastly different, from focusing on traps as a ghost to dodging around traps as a human, this game is a lot of funThe only thing i would want added is online multiplayer tbh, which I know like every other person has said, but it just makes sense for the devs to add online due to the amount of people that want it. I haven't looked too far into if the devs are making it, but I hope they are.I'm pretty sure there's a way to play online with some Nvidia shield tricks, as i know that worked with enter the gungeon, but it's so tedious and hard to set up. It's from a youtuber named ""CrowbarHighFive"" and he explains it pretty well.Here's the link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJhaCiY2c8M(don't know if the link showed up)Otherwise, it's an amazing game,"
,Recommended,293780,31423771,Posted: 28 April,all,The Guv,"Second ever review, first being Subnautica.This gameoozesquality. Within 30 seconds of the the awesomely voiced trailer up there, I paused it, bought it, and continued the trailer. Best animation in the pixel art style I've seen in a long damn time, sound effects and music are top notch, and a brilliant twist on Rogue-likes gameplay that is genuinely different to anything I've seen in the past.Buy.Live.Die.Crawl."
76561198127498455,Recommended,293780,31406407,Posted: 27 April,all,Nifty Biscuit,yeet
,Recommended,293780,31499922,Posted: 1 May,all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,now I know what commiting suicide will be like
76561198120262630,Recommended,293780,32872359,Posted: 27 June,all,Ujinjinjin,Nice game
76561198008189067,Recommended,293780,32865829,Posted: 27 June,all,dellamorte,"Cool announcer, pixel graphics,  fluid animations, fun&creative combat both solo and co-op."
76561198099658414,Recommended,293780,21417432,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Odd Frog,holy **** this game is amazing its a must own for any one who has friends to play with and has spare controllers.
76561198063171783,Recommended,293780,32795703,Posted: 25 June,all,awesomeness,aahh i was disracted by that satanic ritual and I got murdered by one of my psychotic friends. Ha ha ha eat gryphon you peice of trash! I AM NOW THE EPIC HERO WHO WIL...... oh i died and am now a ghost again.....i will have a come back in the next room! oh are you havig a hard time dealing with my mushroom army and my freind mr rat mage  well now you die! dang it! my stupid friend took my kill!!!  ( This continues for 30 mins)If this excited you then you found the right game. Ive been playing since beta and this game has proggresed amazingly! It is only fun for one game alone but with friends it is fun for hours! Lots of content and 3 compeltly unique bosses to fight/play as. I encoruge everyone to try this one of a kind game.P.S.-I have about 100 extra hours offline
76561198048422572,Recommended,293780,32701498,Posted: 23 June,all,Kitterzard,"Crawl is an amazing local multiplayer game, grab 4 friends and have a blast"
,Recommended,293780,32692369,Posted: 23 June,all,Monopolator,The most original a-synchronous couch multiplayer I've played since..Ever. There needs to be more of these!
76561198075004377,Recommended,293780,32847324,Posted: 27 June,all,Tu'úk,"Excellent art style and animation, great soundtrack, and an absolute joy to play."
76561198130677448,Recommended,293780,32844567,Posted: 26 June,all,byoungquist,The best multiplayer experience I've had in a long time. Unique and well balanced
76561198147873200,Recommended,293780,32832705,Posted: 26 June,all,dasilva_tyler,"One of the best couch co op dungeon crawlers ive ever played. If it had online multiplayer it would truly be one of the best games ive ever played. it was just recently released on console, and i had to buy it a second time. if youre looking for a game just for the sake of it being fun for a change then look no further!"
76561198110457377,Recommended,293780,32875829,Posted: 27 June,all,the Twentyfives,online multiplayer would complete this wonderful game.
,Recommended,293780,27959501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dr.ProfessorSir,Crawl is great to play for an hour with a few friends in a competetive setting.
76561198065473865,Recommended,293780,32674897,Posted: 23 June,all,☢۩Anger۩☢,The game where you can give your friends the biggest middle finger by destroying the only way how to win the game. 10/10
,Recommended,293780,32913590,Posted: 27 June,all,TheSluttiestDoctor,very fun game Would recommend
,Recommended,293780,32906481,Posted: 27 June,all,[GS] Skeleman Joe,Like a 1v3 mario party game with less murder.
,Recommended,293780,32904282,Posted: 27 June,all,Tragic Hero,If you have friends to play with this game is a must.  Very good mix of coop and competative play along with a bevy of unique unlockables makes this a very entertaining couch coop game with a lot of replayability.Buy it.  Buy it now!
76561198055518124,Recommended,293780,27333818,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bill S. Preston Esq.,Probably my second favorite local multiplayer game only just behind Super Smash Brothers Melee.The new updates have added so much and have really completed the game in my opinion. Everytime I sit down to play this game its a great time.
76561198003693253,Recommended,293780,33096285,Posted: 1 July,all,XavierAzul,I think I could easly sink 50 hours+ into this... if it were online. You can only play hard comps so many times until you start to wish there was online multiplayer. Very solid game otherwise for an indie title. The animations are awesome for a pixel art game.
,Recommended,293780,33640137,Posted: 18 July,all,Dysprosium66,"This game is really fun and has a great concept. However the rooms can get small, and the fights confusing, so play your first few games on easy with one other player, then work up from there. You will not win often."
76561197993812445,Recommended,293780,33657451,Posted: 19 July,all,Hellequin,"It gets bashed a lot for lacking online play, but for a local couch game this is fantastic and my friends all like it.It reminds me of the good ol days of gaming."
,Recommended,293780,33481372,Posted: 12 July,all,TheMooseIsLoose,It's pretty awesome. Update please!
76561198125146355,Recommended,293780,33842007,Posted: 27 July,all,The Butt Ghost,it funny
,Recommended,293780,34012114,Posted: 4 August,all,Velhemence,I for some reason get motion sickness while playing this game but I can attest to this game being super awesome with a group of friends!
76561198088833405,Recommended,293780,34119010,Posted: 8 August,all,Shinigamijoe,"This is a great local co op game, had fun with it for hours. If you have a group of friends that like this kind of genre then it is worth picking up IMO."
76561197999306594,Recommended,293780,34140294,Posted: 9 August,all,Havoc User,One of the best local co-op games.
,Recommended,293780,34175731,Posted: 11 August,all,☊Headphones☊,"I love Crawl so much, it's an amazing game and anyone that has people over alot should buy it. My one critisism is that it has no ONLINE multiplayer... Still, an amazing game."
76561198352240109,Recommended,293780,34179534,Posted: 11 August,all,creepy dude in your window,it is a really fun game i highly recammend it  if you want to have a good time with a friend
76561198009556255,Recommended,293780,20296631,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Xeirus,Fantastic game!Early access did a lot to help this game become what it is. The devs did it right.
,Recommended,293780,34326970,Posted: 18 August,all,Haschkalle,"One of the best party games on PC (if not the best). Really fun to play together with 3 friends on a TV. These type of ""party"" games are few and far between on PC, which is why i was super happy when i found this game.I've never played a game with this kind of dynamic PvP play. The one playing the hero is basically playing a single player game but with human controlled enemies. The ones playing the enemies compete for killing the hero and thus becoming the hero. Interesting concept that makes for really exciting moments for you and your friends. I like that both the hero and the enemies have a progression system that changes up th e gameplay throughout the session.The art style is pretty rad. I'm a sucker for well done pixel art and this game has it. The art fits well in with the gameplay and the general feel.This game is one of a kind and if you are looking for a game to play with 3 friends locally with 4 gamepads. This is the game for you! Grab some beers and have a fun friday night with your friends.PS: i have more hours than on displayed on this steam account."
,Recommended,293780,34507685,Posted: 26 August,all,Capt Mango,Crawled all night. Must sleep so I can crawl again.
76561198118421288,Recommended,293780,21953286,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,I am Toast,"And at that moment, he had realised he spent more time playing by himself with bots than the friends he doesn't have."
,Recommended,293780,35211703,Posted: 25 September,all,Xenon,"41 minutes in and already added it in my favourites. Definitely one of the most innovative, fun and retro games to play with friends."
76561198273037018,Recommended,293780,35214675,Posted: 25 September,all,Mikestache,I love this game so I bought it for my best friend. Should have checked to see if it had online multi. Oops. Hope he likes it anyway.
,Recommended,293780,35216026,Posted: 25 September,all,廖文俊,Thanks to Nvidia GeForce Experience Streaming I can now make my friends hate me...10/10 Would break friendships again.
,Recommended,293780,35216471,Posted: 25 September,all,buttermeupscotty | Hellcase.com,Very good dungeon crawler. 4.8/5 stars. Needs online mutliplayer and fixing on glitches. Other than that it's awesome in every way c:
,Recommended,293780,35197990,Posted: 25 September,all,Stache,"Played this game with my brother a lot loccaly at his place, to the poin when I had to grab a copy for myself :D Lots of love for the dev!"
,Recommended,293780,35194892,Posted: 24 September,all,Oreo,"Me and my buddy had a blast playing this for many hours. Then I played it again for a couple hours and had a lot of fun again. The consensus is that this is a great, unique experience that is fun for anyone who likes Zelda or Diablo type games.Grab two Steam controllers and dominate the couch!"
,Recommended,293780,35194246,Posted: 24 September,all,luisdiegore,"Played 3 hours straight with my 2 cousins (girl 16yo and a boy 12yo), the game is super fun, they loved it, the only bad thing is they dont know english, and I didnt see a language setting... if there is one. :("
76561197977941156,Recommended,293780,35196519,Posted: 24 September,all,i.animator,"Posessing a great retro-modern art style, classic audio that is consistent with the art aesthetic, and intuitive game mechanics, Crawl hits on all cylinders with an engaging, evolving, and addictive experience. Procedural dungeon arenas, branching monster progressions, and a cornucopia of items and weapons make for both immense replayability and tons of fun. Crawl's light touch on narrative and story set the mood without impeding gameplay or leaving you to wonder why your character is there. Whether you play against CPU or friends, this game is a blast. The only flaw tarnishing this title is that there is no online multiplayer. Don't let that stop you from picking this gem up, Crawl is a must-have for your steam library."
76561198057082578,Recommended,293780,35188943,Posted: 24 September,all,TheNibba-Nator,One of the best local co-op games available on steam! We need more developers that push local co-op gaming!
76561198220645184,Recommended,293780,35257384,Posted: 28 September,all,Fuzzyscreenbroadcast,This is a awsome game. I would definatly recomend it!
,Recommended,293780,35250231,Posted: 27 September,all,[LGC] Bridger,Fantastic.  Even better than I thought it would be!
76561198079189050,Recommended,293780,35250023,Posted: 27 September,all,Cylur,"From what i have played, its a lot of what you might look for in a good couch co op game, it gives you what every couch co op game turns into with a group of friends-one person trying to do what they are supposed to-everyone else d1ck1ng around trying to mess you upthe game"
76561198046082702,Recommended,293780,35280138,Posted: 28 September,all,caleb8472,This game is real neat! 10 gold stars
76561198054871617,Recommended,293780,35287166,Posted: 29 September,all,King | Neroonark,"Had a refund , will buy again as soon as an online multiplayer mode comes. Don't get me wrong , this game is amazing , but it requires a lot of people being there to be fully played. The only thing this game needs , is online multipayer."
,Recommended,293780,35385127,Posted: 1 October,all,Hunchback187,Tons of fun !  Great retro pixel dungeon game.  My kids and friends love coming over and playing this for a few hours.
76561198047468198,Recommended,293780,35317652,Posted: 29 September,all,Call of Dew: Infinite Doritos,"I'll leave it plain and simple for you:Great GameplayMisleading MultiplayerIf you have some controllers and friends to play this is great.If you only have one computer but like a fun singleplayer this is good but there are better ones.If you expected anysort of multi-computer play you will be disappointed.It's up to you to decide, but I personally didn't get much from this."
76561198064386669,Recommended,293780,35320881,Posted: 29 September,all,Richter,Just needs online and its perfect
,Recommended,293780,35353605,Posted: 30 September,all,Knightly Assassin,great game i reccomend it if you have friends
76561198335244126,Recommended,293780,35331423,Posted: 30 September,all,Caution.,i would recommend this game it will be one of my favorite game btwplay this with ur friend on local are really fun would rate it 100/10ALSO im suck at this game XD
76561198009737235,Recommended,293780,18480793,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tenderloin,great local multiplayer
,Recommended,293780,35463135,Posted: 3 October,all,BoolKidd,"Great game, especially if you have competitive friends !"
76561198041579976,Recommended,293780,35509898,Posted: 5 October,all,Omniscient Ice,♥♥♥♥♥dude this game is a blast to play at parties.  Taught me to worship dark gods and murder my friends just like the chirstian soccermums warned in the 90s. 10/10
