user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,293920,10989718,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Raz,"This is a slice of life simulation in the vein of Magical Diary or Long Live the Queen; however unilke those games which are actually worth paying for, this one sadly, is not.While the world presented to you in the game is interesting you ultimately learn very little about it; there are three characters you can play as and many choices for each of them, but ultimately your choices are shallow and don't really matter much, as the game doesn't really differ based on what choices you make, and game play stays exactly the same whether you've mastered magic, or become a professional dominatrix.There are ten choices for romantic interests (five male, five female); but good luck getting with the one you want. Your relationship advances through a series of random events with the characters in question and you can go whole playthroughs without ever getting a random event with the lover you want to pursue. And then the romance system is basically bunk anyway. Your relationship is a gauge consisting of five hearts and the better your relationship the more hearts are filled... in theory. I had my romantic ""interest"" proposing to me at two hearts, and the only reason he was even my romantic interest is because he just happened to show up more often than the guy I actually wanted to pursue; and thus our relationship progressed farther... and I got sick of not getting any sort of events with the one I wanted.As I said; the game really isn't all that fulfilling, it's systems are pretty pointless and the only reason to gain stats is to get a better job... and the only reason to get a better job is to make money, and the only reason to make money is because the king takes a percentage of it every three months... and if you can't pay his tax you lose the game...The story does a poor job of driving along the stat grinding (which is fairly random whether your stats will even increase or not); and ultimately the game feels hollow and pointless.Sadly; I cannot recommend this game."
76561198012403066,Not Recommended,293920,12044100,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dayanne Rockstar,"Not worth the 19.99€,Hell, I paid 13.39€ and still isn't worth it by far...The job sistem is boring, and it's mostly what you are going to do, because There is no way you can save money in the game,which then you can only use to either to rest or to train stats, nothing else to buy.almost no story, the quest that the goddess give you are quite easy and silly.Totally not worth it."
76561198013130865,Not Recommended,293920,10931610,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Adryan,"Spirited Hearts is a dispiriting life simulator with very little story. And what an awful world these Spirited Hearts inhabit!You spend most of the time directing which job your Spirited Heart will take each week. Poor work performance means you won't get paid - and work performance is determined by randomly choosing dice. A perfect opportunity for skill-based minigames is squandered. Even adequate performance results in half pay! Furthermore, work makes the Hearts physically ill, so much so that they must take a week's vacation every three weeks. Want to save for a nice vacation? Don't bother. Every quarter of the year, the government takes about 40% of their *savings* not *income*, so there is no incentive to accumulate money. Want to buy some special, magical items for your Spirited Heart to make the work grind less tedious? There are no items to acquire.But what about your race-specific special mission your goddess wants you to perform? Surely that must be amazing! Well, as a human wizard who had maxed out her magic skill, my goddess wanted to me to ... become a gardener. Let the adventure begin! Had I been given the option I would have selected ""Laugh in her face and tell her to buzz off.""Perhaps people who like this type of game will overlook its many, many flaws - everyone else should steer clear. I do not recommend it at any price."
,Not Recommended,293920,11941508,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Porrim Maryam,"Unimpressive. It's like a less complex Princess Maker, with maybe two hours of story and little replay value. The art and writing are mediocre at best and sloppy at worst. If you want to play a life simulator, you can do better than this."
,Not Recommended,293920,16706681,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AmayaTsuki,"This game had a lot of potential. I loved the idea of choosing a character based on different stats and I have no problem with a stat raising VN. My issue with this game is the character interactions. One of the goals in this game is to find a potential romance. There are a lot of different characters to choose from, male and female, all of which have distinct personalties and spend their time in different areas. You raise your stats and interact with them to gain their affection, eventually leading to engagement and marriage. All of that sounds good, in theory, but the dialogue between the romancable characters is incredibly boring. A VN is just that, a novel. There should be a good amount of character building and interactions that make you feel something for the characters. There was none of that in this game. You barely speak to these characters, therefore making it nearly impossible to care about them at all. Once you're engaged, you speak to them even less (basically not at all). And, once you're married, the game ends. That's it.This game is a pretty bad example of visual novels and I'd highly recommend not wasting your money on it. It's possibly worth it, if it were on sale, but it would have to be a really big sale. All in all, don't waste your money or time. There are a lot of better VN's you can play for that price or even cheaper."
,Not Recommended,293920,12995350,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Aqua,"This game has a good idea, but there is one simple game that makes this game unplayable and frustating. The way you do jobs is by rollin dice, which makes leveling up really random and slow. When you combinded that with taxes you have to pay, you will not have alot of money and find yourself grinding out jobs, not having fun."
,Not Recommended,293920,10321318,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,トランズ げんじ,"Another edit: I've been browsing the discussion for this game and the developer and a few others explained the pricing, which I suggest anyone iffy on it checks the explanation out. It makes the $20-$16 price tag a lot more understandable. Though it's always buyer's choice if they want to accept the explanation.Not worth this much money, I'd agree with scarletemerald and say that $5 is a better price for this. So there have been a few issues with text overlapping, and I feel like a system of scheduling a week's worth of activities at a time may have made it flow a little better (such as, choose Sun. and Sat. to rest, and put different jobs in for Monday-Friday). One of the biggest things is that you apparently can not act like a decent person as a demon. There is no warning that you have to sit here and either yell at a girl for getting scared by a bee or criticize (which ends up being yelling) her for getting scared by a bee. I would have really liked at least a warning, you noted demons are usually discriminated against but an addition there that they are usually mean would have cleared it up.Additionally the description for the work minigame was a bit confusing, the way it was written indicated that the totalled number was the number you were trying to match and did not mention the top number.And my last note, you've got token minority going on pretty hard here. It's great to see a game with straight and lesbian options but there's one nonwhite character out of 12. I don't expect a perfect split but it really would have given it a deeper level of diversity if there were maybe a few more.Gotta say though the design for the demon girl is cute as hell.Addition: I just got the Ria, Thofte, and Janimee collectable card things and I have not met these characters. The only ones I have met are Ramas, Yuza, Tmye, and Reid."
,Recommended,293920,14468138,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Shpadoinkle!,"I don't see why this is mostly negtive? Why? I mean, it's not the best, but it held my attention for 3 hours, and enjoyed it even. Yeah sure, it's a bit slow and boring, but it's fun once you get into it. Infact, I just started another playthrough myself. I'd also add the price is a bit much. I would wait for a sale for whoever wants to buy it, but it's still an enjoyable game at the most.My personal Rating: 7.5/10- Enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,293920,31614774,Posted: 7 May,all,Miss Penelope,"Three female protagonists to choose from. Six male and six female romances to pursue. It's a life sim!Spirited Heart is not a game I can really reccommend. I am a particular fan of life management style dating sims like this game but the way this game goes about it is more frustrating than rewarding and that's a pretty major black mark as far as life sims go.It does have some good things though! Having options as far as protagonists goes is always nice and customization options help you feel connected to the protagonist. While you're only really get to choose between three different female it does change the art and some of the dialogue so there is some distintion between them. There are also a good variety of romances available and a way to get a ""good"" ending without romance at all which is nice if you're more in to the personal development side of the game.Alas, all those good things have rather striking caveats. The customization options are basically superflorous and just provide a few points in different stats that are helpful but ultimately minor all things considered. No matter what backgrounds you had or what choices you picked you always end up in the same place, artist, pauper, or princess. Worse is that really you should pick that background that gives you the best legup on your potential mate or personal goal ending (which varies between the three selectable characters) but starting the game you have no clue what skills you'll need or where you can find your target romance. Sure there are a good number of romance options and they all are pretty distinct and cute but your ability to encounter them is random - AND they change locations, like one who initially worked on the farm might decide to go off and pursue art and you have to know that's what they'd do and then get the stats to be able to get in yourself to continue the relationship. This problem is made worse by the time limit and the fact that if your stats get too high you can get the personal ending and ruin your chance to get the romance ending so you can't get your stats too high!Even discounting the romances entirely the method of stat and money gain is very random too. Everytime you play a little dice game to determine how well you performed and... Well it just gets irritating. Playing this game ends up being clicking to do different jobs and randomly gaining a bonus of a penalty and then spending the money you made on vacations to reduce your exhaustion and depending on what sort of vacation gain a few more stats all while hoping for some interesting random event to occur to provide a brief reprieved from the monotony.I think there is a decent life sim and dating sim here but they really need to add some more random events to make the extremely random nature of the game more tolerable. It would be nice also if after meeting your romance in their initial and second location you could find them more reliable - perhaps using a stat requirement that needs to be passed in order to continue the romance. Or perhaps gifts? Just some ideas.The final nail in the coffin in this game is the price. Twenty dollars is a lot for this. If it were five or even ten dollars I think things would be far more excuseable. I reccommend passing on this title."
76561198158769577,Recommended,293920,12976359,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,glitch_eye,"Personally.. I like this game, it has its flaws, but overall I enjoy it. Mostly because I got it for six dollars. The story is enjoyable (for six dollars), and it has replay value. Also, it has 3 classes the demon chick is my favorite.The game play is based all on luck no skills require, meeting new love interest is a challenge, getting them to like you is easy. It's like finding waldo but waiting for him to find you.I wouldn't recommend it to those tight on money looking for a mind blowing game, but to those you have no problem spending $20 on a game that should be worth $10 on its best day."
76561198052497373,Not Recommended,293920,11126607,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Big Nyan Kitty,This is a mediocre dating sim game at best and only mildly entertaining. After only playing a few hours you can easily accomplish most if not all the achievements that come with the game. The price of $20 is not a  accurate price for this. I would only recommend this game when it is on sale or if money is not an issue and you're looking for a fantasy dating game.
76561198039720844,Not Recommended,293920,11024639,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Greg,"I came into this game not expecting a lot and sadly thats what the game gave me. The game is very random and fustrating for example in order to improve your skills you have to use random dice roles and the positive or negitive effects of these roles are also random. I would often go to do a job and dispite having max healthy stat It would suddnly say I was sick, pop ups like this occur often. The story is ok however the focus is on the characters and as such there is little world building. I would give this game a 4/10."
,Recommended,293920,32739004,Posted: 24 June,all,Stheno,"Having played the original demo for this game when it first came out, I'd forgotten about this game over the years. So, when it showed up on my recommended feed... I just had to get it!The game itself is meh. The stat system is confusing at best, and infuriating at worst. The jobs systems makes little more sense. And plot? What plot!But, at the same time, I'm enjoying this game purely from a nostalgia point of view. The art style is as cute as I remembered it, and I enjoy the random encounters that the PCs have with the potential romantic partners!This is very much a game, that if you like it.... Well, you'll like it. But if you don't, then you'll hate it"
76561198117266702,Not Recommended,293920,12065552,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Emoloy,"I've played quite a few interactive story games and i'm sorry to say that i just couldn't get into this one. It seemed shallow and repetitive, and quite frankly, just unentertaining."
76561198013240999,Not Recommended,293920,10363291,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Hypnotoad,"So... I am a fan of roleplaying games like this with a skill system based off numbers and it works off of social aspects not combat. However, there is nothing that angers me more than a job system that implements a completely random system that takes no skill to use and if you click the wrong place results in you getting very little out of it. There is no reward to a completely random system and that makes the game poorly designed.If you are looking for a game like this one I highly recommend you go looking elsewhere for this is simply put... a disappointment and a waste of money."
,Recommended,293920,13479369,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,khablabla,"My biggest complaint (besides the REALLY HIGH price, it's really not worth full price at all) with Spirited Heart is that I found myself cringing at all of my available romantic interests (I chose female only). Their personalities seem to range from silly to nasty to downright idiotic (save for Ria, who is alright).That being said, I've enjoyed playing the game since I'm a fan of this sort of thing. It was challenging enough for me that I was satisfied but it was way easier than, say, Long Live the Queen. It's a good time pass with enough fun randomness to keep you going for a while, if you are willing to read."
76561198069159152,Recommended,293920,31252006,Posted: 20 April,all,wrb41977,"This is an intriguing game. While it is brought to Steam by Winter Wolves, there are some indications on-line that it might have been produced by another company. Though, whether simply a previous name, or a company acquired in some way... I am unsure.Thing is, it has some of the hallmarks of a Winter Wolves game, though not as polished. The game has a sort of stat management, and leads to a myriad of endings. There is likely an ending if you don't acquire anything else by the time you reach 30, but otherwise... well, there are a lot of options. Let's start with that you can play as a human, elf, or demon girl of 18. There are a number of romanceable NPCs for you to pursue. Two of each race and gender. For those not willing to do the math, that means12options, 6 male, 6 female. You can woo them by first meeting them in a basic job, and then in a separate advanced job (some of the romance options double up in the basic jobs, and each meeting is a random event). After passing three meetings in each stage (successfully) , there are a pair of cutscenes afterwards that, if done correctly, means you become engaged. From there, you have to take time to talk to them, and maybe take them on trips before they propose.There is a special event that happens shortly after you reach 22. The matron goddess of your race decides to visit you and gives you a task to gain a certain title. If you do acquire that title by the time you are 30, you succeed at the ""Goddess Ending"" for your race. Note that you can either find love, or fulfill your deity's request, not both.This game is a bit of a time sink, but it is still fun.Just realized the city you play in is named Aravorn, which apparently might also be the name of a kingdom/continent/world... It is also part of the title of some Winter Wolves products, as in Tales of Aravorn."
,Not Recommended,293920,13434671,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Norachu,Ugh. I was hopeful for this game but it sucked. My only consoliation is I got it on sale and got some good cards to sell off. :/
,Not Recommended,293920,15392964,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,OmicronEXE,Fans of Loren the Amazon Princess should look elswhere. This is not WInter Wolves' finest endeavor.
,Not Recommended,293920,14108542,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Sasaki Santa,"tl;dr Underdeveloped characters, annoying lack of foresight with dialogue options, shallow gameplay when compared to other current and older life sims, Not worth $20 even for diehard fans of the genre.Spirited Heart is basically a Princess Maker type sim game with some benefits over the de-facto version (PM2), but those benefits don't make up for the things it's lacking.There's a lot less variety, which is honestly sort of surprising considering the amount of jobs and the three species you can play as. Jobs seem to lead only into getting skill points used for the goddess quests or to meet and marry characters you're interested in. There are only a handful of random events I've seen playing through the game 3 times and most of them are negative, which isn't bad on its own, but seeing them repeat over and over is frustrating.The romance aspect of the game was part of the appeal for me when I went to buy this, but, well, it's very shallow. A lot of lovers? Awesome. Same sex lovers, and just as many as the guys? Even better. Sadly, the characterization of the npcs you can pursue is... just not there. It's the equivalent of making a character out of cardboard, then taking the cardboard away so all there is is invisible tape. What I saw of the romance options strayed from the typical cliches, which was nice! But you just don't get to spend enough time with them to really get to know them beyond some superficial personality traits. The most connected I got to a character was the elf mage guy, and (spoilers i guess) he goes off and cheats on you in the epilogue. And, well, he was kind of a flirtatious guy, but that wasn't his entire personality and there was absolutely zero interactions with him with other characters that would have tipped me off. I felt like the game was somehow  punishing me for its lazy writing.Speaking of that, some of the dialogue options do the opposite of what you think they'd do. i know this is par for the course with a lot of VN and sim games, just sayin', I never felt like making one totally not my fault at all ♥♥♥♥up in Katawa Shoujo or Hatoful Boyfriend or Magical Diary or anything screwed my chances at a character. I say something that seems like the better option, my character says something else on accident and I have the route locked off to me forever. Lovely. Thankfully I could save anytime, but this kind of one strike and you're out gameplay decisionmaking is ridiculous and has no reason to exist aside from, ahem, laziness.The UI wasn't difficult to use most of the time, but it was unattractive, your mileage may vary.I'd say the best things about Spirited Heart would have to be the same-sex romance and amount of romanceable characters, and the character creation options, and sadly not much else. I had high hopes for this game, as I often hear Winter Wolves tossed around with names such as Hanako Games, Otome-X and sakevisual, whose work I've loved (and iirc Otome-X was part of WW for a while) I'm a life sim, nut, and the kind of person who spends an entire day on Long Live the Queen without realizing it, but sadly, me and Spirited Heart just weren't meant to be. A waste of $20, IMO.Verdict:I'd recommend even the most die-hard of stat raising sim and f/f romance fans stay away from this one unless it goes on sale. It's really not worth the money. I probably won't come back to it unless I'm really at a loss for stuff to play.Highest price I'd buy it for: $5.Try Instead:Long Live the Queen (The Dark Souls of life sims)Princess Maker 2 (The game this is based on, you can get the DOS version online for free)RE:Alistair++ (Free stat raising dating sim with a female protag. Actually any of Sakevisual's free stuff, but I can't vouch for the quality of the others)Magical Diary (Stat raising/school sim game with some puzzles and two F/F romance routes)"
76561198020134790,Not Recommended,293920,13936242,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ailorn,The game system is tedius and there is no story worth speaking of. Save scumming gets you ahead. The art isnt bad but meh. Not worth it.
,Recommended,293920,11847718,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,"Well designed visual novel which focuses more on the stat building part then the story.  While it has the common elements of random encounters as you go through your day, the skill building is heavily reliant on chance by having you pick dice at the end of each week (round) which determines exactly how well your week went.There are basically two tier of jobs in this game, and the second tier requires a lot of grinding to unlock. This could result in monotonous gameplay, but the random dice roll and random encounters present in Spirited Heart really break this up. Unlike some other stat heavy games, like Long Live the Queen, it is also very clear in what is needed on any occasion so you never feel cheated when you ""fail"".These gameplay elements aside, it is and remains a visual novel so if that's not your thing, Spirited Heart won't convince you to like the genre. But if you do like these kinds of games, it is definitely worth a try even if only to see a rather new take on the genre."
,Recommended,293920,16729075,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,curseyourichards,"Based on the poor reviews, I was expectingSpirited Heart: Deluxeto be utterly unplayable. I was pleasantly surprised to find that, though not without several problems, it's not nearly that bad. While not the best raising sim I've ever played, it's certainly not the worst, and it even does some interesting things with the format. I'd say its biggest flaw is that it's very old, and thus, obviously the work of a young developer. It lacks polish, but it's got some heart.THE GOODI played through a few of the romance paths and for the most part they were really quite sweet, if a little rushed toward the endEach player character has her own personality that alters the available dialogue options and reactions of NPCs; the human is sort of the girl next door, the elf is kind and sensitive, the demoness is snarky and kind of mean. It's a pretty nifty feature, even if the characterizations aren't super original.In a similar vein, you can select your character's background and shape her skills through a short set of questions (think likeFallout: New Vegas' ink blot tests and vigor tester.)Your character's goals are randomized every time you play, which means you get a new experience with every game.You have the option to toggle love interests on or off by gender, so if you want to play your character as a particular sexual orientation, you canWith several marriage and career endings to attain, it's got quite a bit of replayabilityTHE MEDIOCREThe art style is all over the place. Some of it is pretty good, some of it is...not, and the differences are quite jarring. An update to make things more consistent would be lovely.Stats are raised using a mini-game that's basically Black Jack but with dice instead of cards, and a randomized goal number rather than 21. If you're good at balancing odds in your head, this isn't a problem; if you're not, it's going to get oldfast. There's an exploit, though, that allows you to fix each poor result: scrolling back with your mouse wheel reverses time in-game, so if you're dedicated, you can get a perfect score each time.Randomized events that are unavoidable can sometimes occur, draining some of your hard earned stat points. Some have dialogue options that may allow for a good result, but many don't and this can be frustrating.The writing isn't fantastic, but it's mostly pretty inoffensive and serves its purpose. The game would definitely benefit from a rewrite to make some of the dialogue feel more natural/less stilted.THE BAD:A couple of the relationships available have unhealthy undertones that bother me a bit. Your character can get slapped around by one of the potential love interests when she's upset with you, and that...does not make me want to romance her, to be quite honest. Another love interest may sexually harass you, depending on your dialogue choices, and still another may threaten your life and hold you at knife point, which is also annoying.There are two difficulty modes, normal and easy, but these labels are not accurate. Easy is fairly challenging, normal isextremelydifficult.Stat points that you earn through jobs or classes are determined randomly. You may get +3, +1, +5 or +0, depending on your luck. The same is true of your character's salary, though that depends on how your dice mini-game goes.The price is too high. $19.99 forSpirited Heart, as-is, is far too steep. HOWEVER, if it got a rewrite and better art, I'd say that was fair.All that said: I grabbed this game on sale for half price, and I don't regret that, though I can see why somebody else might feel differently. If you're unsure, there's a demo floating around, so give that a look before buying it. It's an okay game, with good bones, that just doesn'tquitelive up to its potential. I look forward to seeing how its sequel will improve on the less-than-stellar bits.7/10"
,Recommended,293920,22666384,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheLovelyAngel,"First off, I know  it says I haven't played a lot on this game, but I have done a lot of offline time too.I like dating Sim games. Just in general. I have a very varying taste of games and this can give me everything I want in a casual gaming setting. It takes time and it has different endings depending on what you level up and go for. This game is one of the better ones I have done and it never gets old.Pros:Various endingsA big variety of charactersBeing able to pick your character and their statsBeing able to do Yuri options tooVery tacticalCons:The graphics kind of suck in my opinionIt is time consumingIf you don't know what you're doing you'll fail so it will take two or three play throughs"
,Not Recommended,293920,19378425,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Firefly,"I thought I was gonna like this game.... and I guess I kinda do, but still.... TEH GRINDING. WTF.I wish Steam would let me pick a neutral rating b/c I have enjoyed parts of it.... so thumbs up there. But it's also been a pedantic, pain in the ars.e to play too. So thumbs down at the same time. Hence my neutral feels.I will mark it negative for now I guess.... ;___; Sorry WW....I like your other games tho.But yeah... some of the characters are really endearing, but most are just annoying asf. Reid? (Makes me think of bug spray LOL) she was really hawt, yah, but her personally really sucked. Same with the hawt demon tailor chick. She had potential. I guess the dev was goin for dominatrix vibez with her? She was just a c.u.nt. Pardon my French... Yana was the only character I felt for, and even then, it was difficult to progress beyond more than 1 heart for her....mostly due to LACK OF RANDOM ENCOUNTERS. Protip: Easy Mode is still brutal. Cannot fathom playing Normal mode unless there's something I am missing here regarding game mechanics (??)Guy-wise, the only dude who I sorta kinda liked was Frebo, but it was frustrating b/c I wanted to talk to him more and the damn game wouldn't let me. I kept doing the Schoolgirl job route...to try to talk to him.....but I never got random encounters with him, just tons with that annoying demon girl Hade (how in the frack do you pronounce that name anyway? Hay-dee? Hay-day? @_@;;) She was the flattest character ever... at least from my brief interaction. Emphasis on brief.tl;dr Game seems more focused on stat building than relationship building. If you're an accountant, you may get a massive number-boner from this game. Otherwise... meh.PS: I did notice a minor flaw in the programming of this game.... I met the male demon character in the bar when I was working as a waitress, and then I saw him a 2nd time working as a maid, and on my 2nd encounter, the game had no idea I already met him once before, so it was the same kinda introduction-y stuff all over again. Would suggest somehow making it trigger something once you meet a character so you don't re-introduce.... but IDK how hard that is to do, code-wise. Just a suggestion/honest feedback!!PPS: Minor gripe here but wish we could change the MC's hair color/eye color/outfit/etc. My elf girl looked like she was living in the '80s in a bad way for most of this game, LOL. :-P"
76561198067955578,Recommended,293920,13139962,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Errand G,"This game has lots of endings, which I love in a visual novel. However, it has one major flaw.NOT ENOUGH ACHIEVEMENTS!!!When you come across a game with multiple endings you'd like there to be an achievement for each of them. This not only helps you keep track of which ones you've done, but also encourages you to do them all. However, it only has achievements for the three goddess endings. This was a real let down, for me anyway.And because there are so few achievements, and a lot of it is kind of repetitive, I didn't really have any incentive to go back to it after that last goddess ending.This game was a bit of a disappointment. However, it was packed with humour and some very heart warming moments.So, yeah if you're looking for something not too challenging and has some good points I'd say give it a shot.Just not at full price."
76561198074169975,Recommended,293920,14750074,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,PhoenixT1,"I hesitated a long time before recommending this game, because i am mixed about it. In fact, if you don't use the tip to cheat (check the guide section), it's almost unplayable. But if you do, it's worth playing it (but buy it at a discount price !). I eventually completed all of the 39 endings and decided to recommend the game..."
76561198042605713,Recommended,293920,13996862,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kage_Kitsone,"okay yes i recommend it but only on these conditions for those of u who r new to sim dates get on sale, your bored and dont feel like playing a game that requires wasd and uve run out of good point and clicks,  u have patience, and u have the guide ready.Trust me the game can be fun, but ussually under these cycumstances. I was bored when i got it and it kept me occupied until i found something else to do. So yeah it can be cool, i did like it, and it is better then some sims out there but that was only because i was interested in seeing how each romance was for each kind of female you can be. I am a completionist so i played each route and got each romance for the elf, demon , and human. It was kind of worth it because i liked the story and i could ignore the tedious parts of the game for the story. Yet even then i still got tired of it and moved on, so its up to you if you want to risk it or not. But seriously get it on sale."
,Recommended,293920,16422853,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,tora.furry,"very nice gameplay, lots of options on skills etc.lack of options for answering questions, could be better graphic and race, etc.hopefully to see more."
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,293920,10293179,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kempeorlaxan,"I have no idea why I stopped meeting people after she hit 20. May be they have unlock requirements? For the next 8 years I was just hitting ""Repeat job"" button endlessly with a few thief attacks to which I replied by using illusions??I had received a quest from a ""Godess of elves"" at 22 which I proceeded to ignore as she wanted me to train skills that were entirely off from what I trained up until that point.Other than that I have found no way to reach any of the game's romancable characters. I met some at 18-20 but I couldn't reach them even after I tried coming back to those jobs where I met them...So overall I think this game is overpriced. It wants you to play it the way its meant to be played by the developer and not the way you want to play it. Or at least it won't give you any content if you just do what you want.Oh and PS at Magic skill 100 - I maxed out as a wizard and was still getting paid only 20-30 gold a week. Which was disappearing very quickly thanks to 40% TAX! :( I also spent the rest of the money training different skills hoping to unlock more characters, but was unsuccesful in unlocking anyone."
76561198078447760,Recommended,293920,15101261,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Magic Shroom,look past the repetitiveness and there is a decent game
,Recommended,293920,11454332,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,yokai,"Wow! Just finished my first playthrough, and I must say I am truly taken by this game. The challenge of managing your personal growth alongside your physical health, mental health and finances is not something I have seen in any other game before. Leveling up skills suddenly strikes a much more personal chord when a botched day at work leaves you depressed and exhausted and wishing that you could afford to take a vacation to recuperate. (Almost sounds too real, doesn't it?!)Everything you do has repercussions elsewhere in the game: the stats you gain pursuing one job have applications in other places, and sometimes a skill can turn out to be useful in an unexpected situation. My whole experience with the game felt very smooth and organic, and I could never predict what was going to happen next.Dialogue and narrative in individual events tends to be short and sweet, but long-term character development can happen over the course of multiple events. What's more, the wide breadth of options and possibilites adds a huge amount of replay value.Try this game out: it's definitely worth treating yourself to something new!"
76561197992910116,Recommended,293920,10403953,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jebus,"very enchanting and romantic game play, this is for those who love datinh sims and close to real life games"
,Not Recommended,293920,10294857,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,harmonysama,"Woooow!All I can say is, don't go for Reid~"
76561198090494225,Recommended,293920,30112704,Posted: 22 February,all,Kaya13 ∞,"While I enjoy the game, the store description is so vague that it doesn't really tell you how little you really interract with your life. Yes, you have a job, but you don't actually play the job, you roll dice to see the outcome of if you did well or not that  day. Yes, you can ""choose"" a partner, but it seems very rare to come across others characters, let alone people you like and want to come across. Yes, there is tons of replayability, but each game will only last you somewhere between 2-3 hours. You also do not customize your character at all, you choose from 3 options.I certainly would not say this game is worth $20, I was lucky to have it gifted to me by a friend. Yes I enjoy the game, but buyer beware, make sure it's what you actually want before you get it."
76561197993971518,Recommended,293920,32413675,Posted: 14 June,all,J.Tarwin,I liked the characters and appreceate the lesbian option.
76561198170605491,Recommended,293920,32828261,Posted: 26 June,all,Xelam13,"This game is...weird at least, not bad, is not bad,but is weird,esentially is a life simulator in the land or Aravorn the same world in wich take place Loren the amazon princess and Seasons of the wolf, also the new one Amber something I think, now I loved Loren and seasons of the wolf, and so I bought this game, knowing its mechanincs, And despite what many people say is not that bad, Is not Loren sure, but how many games allow you to live your life in their worlds, here you can be everything from a priest to a soldier, a chef or a merchant, a farmer or a mage, the limit is your imagination.also...Is at least as far as I know the only game from Tales of Aravorn that actually allows you to make  your own character chose from the three races Human,Elf and Demon then your name and background that change some responses from some characters. Sadly you won´t see cameos not that I know about.Cons you ask?Well it has this foolish rule that you can only make a female character wich is very very disapointingOhh and the personalities of the characters are somehow already defined you can guess them by looking at the portrails of each race.Elf is pure as waterDemon is manly as hellHuman is,,,well humanDespite this if you liked Aravorn from the other games and want to learn more, for examplewho are the gods of Aravorn? They appear in the gameHow is the subject of Black magic handled by peasantsare demons able to fly?These and more you can find it"
