user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029810808,Recommended,294020,13601817,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mancomb Seepgood,"The short version:Addictive but buggy, don't buy at full price but snap it up in a deal.The long version:As you have probably gathered this is a trading sim with a Heroes of Might & Magic sort of vibe, basically you ride around buying and selling stuff and getting really rich. There's also a storyline but I stopped following it pretty quick. Something to do with avenging your father's death (really).The difficulty curve in this game is INSANE when you start off. I think it took me at least 90 mins to get past the first quest of raising 4000 coins (or w/e the currency is), I was really close to giving up because it will seem like you're not getting anywhere. Some of the random events can be very unforgiving as well (e.g. 'high winds' meant your ship lost about 90% of its cargo)But if you get past that it gets a LOT easier to do cool stuff. And it is cool, for a while. But once you get to being a millionaire and reach the highest social rank, it's not 100% clear what you're supposed to do, apart from just get richer. There are quests but they usually amount to 'go to place, go to next place', and the payoff for each quest stays quite low - so you're making millions trading, but then spending 10 mins on a quest to be paid 3000. (Unless I'm missing something here).It's also kind of buggy; a couple of places (mines/monasteries) weren't accessible to me because they made my game crash, which meant I couldn't get a couple of the achievements. So a big recommendation: SAVE OFTEN because there is no autosave. Also there are places you can get trapped when the seasons change - you can't sail in winter so if you get trapped on an island you are pretty done because there's no 'sleep' option where you can just spend a day in the same place.But overall a nice way of wasting a few hours if you can get it on the cheap (from the looks of the forum the devs are pretty sharp at fixing bugs so some of this may be out of date soon anyway). Also - if anyone figures out how to play the knife game in the tavern, let me know!!"
,Recommended,294020,11455378,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,redwinger333,"EDIT*  Wave of bug fixes one day after posting a review. So far, the quest bugs, as well as button bugs seem to be fixed, and progression is once again possible. As such, we'll redo this review to the current state.The game gives you a decent pool of items to trade from, starting with a very basic 4 items and expanding as you level up. While larger cities may carry all goods, smaller outposts have a more limited variety. There are definite patterns from city to city which allows you to form strategy and design trade routes around the different items you are trying to trade. While it can sometimes be frustrating when prices aren't trending your way (especially considering the costs of travelling around the map while not making profit) it is quite possible to limit this by picking a smarter route and figuring out which cities might have cheaper prices in one item, with a nearby neighbor that buys consistently higher. You might still get burned sometimes, but that's part of the fun.If you're looking into this one purely as a trading game, there is definite promise.As alluded to by this edit, the Devs had a pretty fantastic response time to a pretty gamebreaking bug, which leaves hope for quick development and maybe some new features, locations, or an expanded list of tradeable goods.I did still note one minor graphical bug with one city background, which seemed to clear up upon leaving the city. The game likely won't be bug free, but it seems that major problems will be met with a fast response, and for that I'll give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,294020,17539326,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,g.adim.us,"(tl;dr at the bottom of the post)Think of this game as a turn based trading board game you play by yourself.  It includes lots of random elements that are effectively dice rolls except that one of the dice has a broken wheel every turn and it takes an extra day to roll it.  If you play the storymode you start as a youth trying to avenge your father's death/betrayal brought on by his business partner who is never really mentioned after first hearing about him.  Now prepare yourself for what feels like a lifetime of gameplay not accomplishing much at all...Considering the developers are Polish I'm surprised how little ""polish"" this game has... I bought it on a recent sale where it went down well under $5.  I think it's is well worth <$5 but definitely not worth the non-sale price (~$15 right now).  Overall this game stinks of a development schedule that was cut short.  It's full of half-baked features, poor optimization and a general lack of refinement.  It seems more like a greenlit game than a full game... Oh wait!  That's because it was a greenlit game that was probably just rushed to market with the wonderful double game launch functionality Steam has invented.Unlike the main description exclaiming that the game has ""lots RPG elements"" there are in fact very few (no traditional exp / levels / etc...).  There is one stat point that determines whether or not you'll have a good time or if gameplay will be hellish.  This stat is ""Luck"" and can have a value of -3.0 or +3.0.  Ultimately it determines whether or not you have negative encounters while travelling (although carts seem to break down regardless of luck).  Once you figure out that you only have to boost this one stat (maybe by using some kind of diety based gambling mechanic?) then you have very few negative encounters and a ton of positive ones - effectively rigging the dice, feels more like cheating than anything.The UI is not very intuitive and has quite a few menus that only appear under specific conditions.  Playing through the storyline you'll also be bombarded with tons and tons of unnecessarily wordy text for quests (go to this place), or world events (excess amount or famine on certain goods).  All it would take is bolding on the keywords to eliminate the need for the text description but nope! - read this long block of pointless narrative when all we really want is for you to go from one location to another and then do that one or two more times and maybe buy something....There are many items in the game but they don't seem to do anything - they likely to do stuff but very few of them have clear indicator of what they do.  Some of them lower the price of certain goods but the lowered price is displayed in red so the immediate assumption is that it's set higher or you're being punished for doing a quest for the ""bad guys"".  Again - these suffer from the same UI problems (excessive text) I mentioned before and tend to have pretty vague interactions.There are also bugs but whatever.  They're less annoying than all the other issues...Eventually you start ignoring the bulk of the text and then scan for keywords, even further down the road you start just mindlessly clicking through the dialogs - you have +3.0 luck remember?  Surely with the broken mechanic in hand you can beat this awful game and put it to rest along all the others in your steam library.  Oh what;s that?  You accidentally gambled away 600 units of Arms for 600 units of Food?  Oh well, you managed to trade those back a bit later or maybe the $160,000 wasn't really important in the grand scheme of things.  Now you have your main character, a guy in a boat and a guy in an airship and a couple mines.  Every turn requires to to make three moves - for three distinct characters.  It's as if the developers said to themselves ""Hey - I know what would be more fun than playing this long arduous game with tons of dialogs and wordy text and slow progress!  Playing it three times at the same time so it takes three times as long to accomplish anything!"".  It's like the kid who plays the board game by himself only to find that it was made for other players so he brings out the other player pieces and starts playing with them too.  It's just dark and sad and pretty time consuming.Tl;drThis is a fun game with interesting gameplay but it has a lot of half-baked features that might make you regret any time/money you've invested in it.  I recommend consuming a moderate amount of alcohol to offset the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspects of this game."
76561198059571998,Recommended,294020,11428628,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Declonius,"Now that the two gamebreaking bugs are gone, you can finally enjoy being a merchant. Save and reload without fear of becoming broke and travel without getting stuck.If you like buying low and selling high, traveling around and killing people by sending them into shady caves, buy this game because you sir/madam will very likely enjoy it."
76561198036596829,Recommended,294020,11557255,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kajiya,"TL:DR: Look at other reviews for that :PFirst off iam no native english speaker so excuse my english if you find any grammatical mistakes.Iam not sure if i would recommend this game, i looked around for a long time to find a game where you be an actual merchant that doesnt own a ship and sail the ocean but really just uses his cart to travel. I was probably influenced by the Anime ""Spice and Wolf"" which is about a merchant travelling through the country selling goods and buying them. With the usual stuff like bandits, church war auctions, failures and sucess.So i looked at the game description and it seems fine so i bought it since 15€ aint alot for a game that could be the one iam looking for. But i didnt quite get what i was looking for.The tutorial was quite short and simple and i was able to proceed into the main game. The first thing that i really started to dislike are the weird buttons in the city. Why not just make it a Menu where you can choose where to go instead of making it a minigame of finding the button and remember where to go?After travelling through the Map i was confronted with random events and quest but no matter if i accepted some or not i still had them in my questlog, well whatever probably just a small bug. I also feared something bad would happen instantly if i decline. Because noblemen have power but nothing happend. Now the game description said you could buy furs in summer and sell them in winter. So i have not figured out which day of the year it is and when theres an actual summer or winter, or if its spring etc.Still traveling i noticed that even after visiting 20 cities most of the items i looked at had a average buy price of 0. So our merchant is to dumb to keep a log with prices? There should be a option or make it automaticly to memorize these prices without buying something in every goddamn place.Okay so iam kinda lost with the prices, lets go and buy some drinks for the people in the Tavern maybe i can get something useful. Well i got some Maps but no useful gossip. Noone knew anything useful thou. I would like if they could give you a hint for a good deal in the near locations like just 1 village away, you can also make it luck based either its true or not.Also no information at all where some of the stuff gets produced more. So i was buying and selling ore and was like ""Hey lets buy iron at this place near the mountains, its probably cheaper there then in the inland, where they have no mountains at all. How wrong i was. The cities near the mountains actually had the highest prices to buy and sell ore. And the cities in the inland had the best prices to buy and sell. Color me confused.Anyway my point is, theres villages and cities that produces specific goods that are usally known all over the country. Maybe northwest is specialized in weapons and arms, cities near forests usally have cheap pelts. And cities near a wide open space are great to get food. Stuff like that. Also adding a quality of wares. Like you could ask someone about a cities speciality and they answer ""this city has the finest and most expensive lumber, its made from these special trees that grow no where else blablablabla"". This wood is ofcourse much more expensive will probably attract more bandits and can only be sold in some special locations but it will make a hell of a profit.Also this game is missing War and Church. I know this is a fantasy setting but really what is a merchant trading game without these 2? A war makes the best trades for Weapon and Armor. The prices for Food could grow and you could get penalties for trading to much food since its used for the army. Armies could also overtake cities and you get better or worse prices depending on who you supported during the war. Or which region you belong to.The church on the other hand could be a good trading partner that could be way more powerful then a merchant guild. They can ban wares being traded or support the trading of specific wares. You could maybe even get blessings from the church.Iam not quite sure how you could implent it, but maybe you can add joining a religion too.Even more is coming yes!  So you said you will add even more regions? GREAT! But what i was always missing is the fact that there was only one currency. Different areas could use different currencies, that are worth more or less, like some cities produce silver coins that are worth much more and gold coins that are only worth pennies in moster other countries. You could also add ""counterfeit?"" money, uhm money that is actually worth way less because it has alot more lead in it to make it heavier or whatever. Iam no expert on this haha.All in all i would say, give the people more information and rework the interface and make it more intuitive. Thats the first thing you should work on. And find a way to note the prices of wares you find."
76561198009667349,Recommended,294020,12924574,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ghini,"I really enjoy Merchants of Kaidan. It fills a niche for a type of game I've been looking for, a non-linear Merchant game. After reading several negative reviews I started to get scared off but I was so curious I couldn't resist. I'm glad I didn't. The game has unlimited potential that it hasn't reached to this point but it is a good game as is. I'm hoping they really get to work and make it a great game. Some of the writing is strange but you get the point. Perhaps there are translation issues, dunno. The trading isn't completely random like others have stated. I used excel and have tracked every towns prices and the changes that take place as the seasons change. The prices aren't set in stone and that is a good thing as if they were you could just make the same runs over and over and that would be broken. The difficulty is pretty hard at the beginning as you struggle to find ways to make money due to the limited resources you are allowed to trade. But with a little patience and thought you figure it out. My guess is those that come into the game unwilling to map things out and make notes will not like this game without sticking with it. I for one hope the development team gets busy and adds more content to a wonderful base."
76561198166712175,Not Recommended,294020,14557760,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,adeleblancsec28,"I love these kinds of trade games and this one had the potential to be really good but it's just such a hard drudge to progress. The cost to get between towns is so high on top of that I get attacked, my men get drunk, nobles take all my food - every bloody time! At such a low level you can only get access to a such a small portion of the game it just becomes a repetitive drudge. With such a nonsense economy (why can't you buy cheap ice from a mountain town? and why doesn't the price barely change from summer to winter?) I think $15 should buy me an easy mode.I really regret buying this game :-("
,Not Recommended,294020,12990544,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Katosepe,"*Update*After an update to the game and a couple messages from the developer, I decided to give Merchants of Kaidan another try. The game now has an ironically titled ""Realistic Prices Model"" option also known as Easy Mode. I find it an odd choice of words as it implies that the normal game setting uses an unrealistic price model but that's semantics, I suppose.This is highly recommended for anyone starting out in Merchants of Kaidan. This mode basically makes all the statements regarding city specialties and location-based pricing much more pronounced (read: actually noticeable). Now, when I went to the ore town, I more-or-less knew I would get a good price on ore. This mode also features a series of tabs showing you the prices from the cities you've visited for the last 10 turns, essentially managing the basic bookkeeping for you. It makes sense that the game would provide this since it does say that the person managing your cart is supposed to help with bookkeeping. You may still want to keep your own series of notes throughout the game, however, as this is far from giving you a global view of Kaidan's economics, plus it won't help with tracking seasonal changes.Ultimately, it's a mode that holds much more promise than the basic mode although it's mildly demeaning that requesting a realistic pricing model is listed as easy mode. The odd pricing scheme is still in effect where you can't sell products for the same amount as the guy next to you in any given town with any given product. Some odd quibbles still exist as well, after updating, including typos found in a couple of the written entries (""thron of airship"" instead of ""thrown off airship"" in the Thieves tip.) and the inability to scroll comfortably to the edge of the map, meaning edge towns remain more difficult to select than they need to be.I still can't recommend the game to the average player for these issues but it's certainly on the right track. If you are looking for a difficult economics game and don't mind putting serious effort into understanding the complex system, Merchants of Kaidan is worth a try. If that sounds daunting or even just tedious, this isn't the game for you.*Original Review*Merchants of Kaidan is a game with a fantastic premise that could have been so much more. Forsaking the common fantasy tropes of becoming a knight or a king, Merchants of Kaidan puts you in the role of just that, a merchant. There is no combat or magic or anything like that and while that may be offputting for many gamers, the fresh concept was very exciting for me.There are several modes you can play in MoK including a story mode, where you play as a young adult from a powerful merchant family who, following betrayal, has to start anew and avenge his father's death, and several free-play modes with goals like ""get to 1000000 gold"" or ""play for five (in-game) years"". All of them put you in the shoes of a fresh-faced merchant who has to travel around, increasing his renown and building up income. You do this by buying goods from one place and selling them in another, ideally for a profit. It's a simple concept but one that is immensely satisfying when mastered.The problem of the game lies in the mechanics and that's where MoK truly falters. Despite the game design claiming that they use a complex algorithm to create a realistic yet immensely complicated economic structure for the world, there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason for almost anything that happens. It starts with the base mechanic of buying versus selling. Namely, no matter where you are or what you're selling, you always sell a product for less than what you can buy it for in the same location. This means that you play as literally the worst merchant in the history of economics. You can't sell something for the same price the guy next to you is selling it for? Why? These aren't cars, they aren't losing their value. This mechanic would make sense if you were buying a product at a place it's produced (ore at a mine, for example) but this is the case for anything and everything no matter where you are.The game also tells you that cities specialize in certain products and that buying there will be cheaper than other places. While this seems to be the case some of the time, it's not the rule. Going to the central ore city is usually cheaper than buying ore other places but going to the town known for it's wines doesn't seem to make alcohol any cheaper than anywhere else. In fact, in my game, it was commonly the most expensive place to buy wine. Maybe that means it's higher quality but then why can't I sell this higher quality wine for a higher price elsewhere?Random events also cause a deep problem as they are based around a statistic known as your luck. Many of these events will decrease your luck stat while a select few will increase it. Since your luck determines how often you are to receive each type of event, this means you will almost always fall into a bad luck pit that you can never get out of. Expect constant cart breaks, delays and taxes since this is what you will have for the rest of the game.That's not to say the game is all bad though. While the quests are mostly take person A from point A to point B (then to point C and point D...), the fact that it has a quest system is an interesting boon and a strong motivator for pressing on through hardship. Your ability to search ruins for items and eventually wipe out the monsters and build up passive income buildings is also a lot of fun and can be satisfying. Ultimately, if you're willing to move past the randomness of the prices and the fact that all the mechanics are designed to make your life harder, there is a tough game here that some could enjoy. For most, however, Merchants of Kaidan is one investment you shouldn't make."
,Recommended,294020,11531628,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Wif,"The good: Buy low sell high simple trading, low learning curve, can be played casually, upgrades and other landsThe bad: Margins can be very sliml eading to tediousness, most of the game is roll of the dice based, too easy to just raid and not trade, trading can be incosistent as hell, occasional cosmetic bug.If you're after a trading game that feels like Heroes of Might and Magic 2, with no real fighting, then this is great and slightly addictive.  Possibly not -quite- worth the asking price."
76561198042617286,Recommended,294020,15078670,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ara.ver,"This little addicting gem combines a turn-based trading-simulation game (very hard and unforgiving at times) with RPG and Adventure elements. It's not the best in any category, but this melded hybrid is very appealing. I haven't learnt and remembered 30+ cities by name for a game in a long-long time.The game unveils as you get higher up in rank (via quests) with very difficult phases in the beginning, so unless you're ready to spend time to rinse & repeat often, you won't like the abrupt start.Carefully crafted visual details or subtle quest hints may make you fall in love with it. E.g. press B and move the pages of the book with your cursor or watch the cities in different seasons. While at the same time, some of the mechanics and especially random events will raise your rage levels. C'est la vie. Literally.Continuous updates and answers from the developers so far make it a rare game.Conclusions:- DO BUY & TRY it if you want a trading game & complex mechanics (even if you'll only be able to reverse engineer over time - the opportunistic approach will ... barely ... keep you afloat financially). Especially if you've ever taken notes / keeping a spreadsheet to master a game.- DO NOT BUY if you don't have patience, don't want to be challenged by someone else's mechanics or have a tendency to rage-quit games you haven't finished in the first 3 hours."
76561197991021582,Recommended,294020,13158755,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zhen2010,"Unlike some I really like the game. I won't spoil it for you by giving any major tips as figuring it out is the whole point of the game but I will confirm a few things-prices are not random but they do fluctuate in a wave, diffent towns have different ranges. seasons matter.-as you progress things get easier in some ways and harder in others-if your smart and perceptive its not that hard to start off; i have advanced to multicarts in under 10 mins of play-everything has its use though some items/specialists are mainly usful much laterthe only tips i'll leave you with is at the begining concentrate only on trading; don't hire specialists or special items- they are ment for later and you can go broke very quickly if you do."
76561198077897997,Recommended,294020,14777859,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,klacoste,"This is a fun and atmospheric trading game set in the mystical world of Kaidan.Pros:+ rich atmosphere. The hand-painted pictures and soundtrack are superb!+ sophisticated economy. Prices will change depending on season, random events, luck etc.+ dozens of side quests. I was receiving so many that I began to turn them down.+ there's a few mini-games to break up the trading grind.Cons:- the early phase of the game can be very hard. You can only trade a few items. Some people may be deterred.- lack of character customisation. You're stuck playing the main character of the game.- lack of RPG. You have no traits, attributes, relationships etc. The only number that changes is your gold. I would've liked to be able to interact with the world of Kaidan in a more organic way.- a few bugs still exist in the game.- some spelling errors.Overall, it's a fun game. If you love trading games like Elite, but also want to immerse yourself in a fantasy setting, this game should be on your list. During the last session I played, I lost sense of time and suddenly realised it was midnight. Games like this deserve a thumbs up."
,Recommended,294020,19533424,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Our_Benefactors,"It's a good game if you pay less than $3 for it. I think I paid $1.50 and given that I played it for more than 10 hours, I definitely got my money's worth.The atmosphere and sound are very relaxing while still adding a sense of tension surrounding turning a profit. You need to come out ahead on every transaction, as losing even 1-2GP per cargo can be punishing after factoring in time lost, traveling fees, etc. Sometimes you'll be relieved just to break even.The strongest portion of the game, in my opinion, is when you are only operating a single cart. Later in the game you'll unlock a boat that can travel between ports and an airship that can travel pretty much anywhere, but managing this is tedious as you'll be constantly having to meet up to trade goods and coin between them to reach the next merchant tier. The mid-end game doesn't provide much of a challenge as you should, at this point, have enough of a buffer to easily cover any losses stemming from a bad transaction or two, versus the early game where every coin spent is carefully weighed against its risk/reward potential. The late game also suffers from a variety of systems that feel kind of tacked on - having a variety of carts is novel but the tools to manage them feel weak, storage of goods seems like an afterthought, you never need to actually purchase insurance, profits from installing monks/miners/brewers are pitifully low for how much effort you spend setting them up, cavecrawling feels extremely unrewarding (not to mention the QTE combat window is incredibly small, it must be less than 1/8th of a second at most). I could keep listing minor complaints about this section of the game, but in a nutshell it seems like the developers spent most of their brainpower making sure the core early game works well, which to their credit, it does.In spite of these flaws, you have a fairly engrossing simulator which takes enough time to figure out that it's well worth the modest sale price.7/10 would supply arms to both sides again"
,Recommended,294020,32946972,Posted: 28 June,all,the_rock0123,"8/10 – 80% must buy game if you enjoy turn based trading games.  This is a niche genre and I honestly think much negativity is coming from people who buy the game without enjoying trading games, just because it’s £1.09 in sales. Now let’s start with the price – Full Price at £10.99 is excellent value, when it’s 90% off in Steam sales it’s CRIMINAL. Can such a good “full” trading game really be cheaper than a Paradox Sprite, a Total War Hero or a Civilization Map?  I have 41 hours in the game and counting, 77% achievements, and the Level 5 badge. Yes, it’s a very good niche game.  I’d say this is on a par with Patrician 3, much loved by trading game fans.Here’s why: WOW, the art in this game.  Fantastic, unique, wacky.  What an atmosphere to have a medieval feel smashed up with alien sci-fi culture.  Pirates, barbarians, the empire are all in this game. Huge grand cities, tiny villages, pirate coves, outposts that are only accessible in winter, dangerous mines. The art is GORGEOUS.  And it changes with the seasons.  Little flourishes of animation in the city add to this beautiful game.Then there is the FANTASTIC SOUNDTRACK, very relaxing, mysterious.  In fact, this is a relaxing turn based trading game, no need for rushing around at all speeds.As for the GAMEPLAY:  A unique mix of trading with some RPG elements thrown in as a story develops around your character of treachery, vengeance and secret societies.  Will Lady Luck be on your side at the shrines or against you.  Can you win the almost impossible 5 Finger Fillet mini game.  And then there’s the ADVENTURE aspect – send your recruits to clear those mines of monsters, it won’t be easy, acquire a treasure map from your travels to help.  Will you be able to buy one at the inn? There is MYSTERY with the QUESTS. Can you work out riddles, because I can’t?  There are well over 100 quests – rank up quests, side quests, dark council quests. All featuring unique characters you will meet again and again on your travels, in inns and so forth. Some people want transportation, some want you to lug around cart loads of goods in YOUR cart, some to carry magic items, brews, illegal goods (be careful if trading in the “herbs”, lest they be confiscated).  Then there’s the TRAVEL aspect – will you travel by your carts, by ship, by air balloon?  Watch out for bandits, merchants in trouble, witches out to change your luck, sea monsters, dragons, battles, the kings police and tax collectors.  Luckily there will be 10’s of items you will buy, acquire or steal, to aid you on your journey, provide a little extra luck, protect your goods better. As you get to be a big shot can you manage your BUSINESSES.   Mines once host to fearsome monsters that you gloriously defeated (at great sacrifice of many of your employees…) can be re-started and manned by your remaining crew. And watch out in the big cities to acquire illicit businesses – underground massage parlours.  Of course you can’t run all the businesses yourself. On your travels you’ll need to recruit staff – managers, monks, foremen, sergeants to fight.  Then train them to Level Up their effectiveness.  And then equip them with specialised equipment.  Your massage parlour manager can’t function without beds and mirrors! Monks will need books to enhance your wine production.  Sea Captains maps to chart the seas.  If it all gets too much for you just hire PARTNERS. Now you can have more than one character travelling the cities, buying and selling goods, storing them in warehouses and trading goods with other partners.The main thing though is, can you get vengeance for your fathers death?I want to address the trading aspect which is sometimes criticized. I think it works exceptionally well. Novices to trading games expect to be able to buy goods cheap in one place, sell in another at a higher price, and it’s always the same route.  No, this game is more random with pricing (after all, this is not an era of the internet and a worldwide market – these are small towns, villages, trading on a person to person basis).  Seasons change prices, supply and demand changes prices, events change prices (is there a fire, celebration).  Travelling the same routes will be found out by bandits who will rob you.  Find out these tips in the inn. My recommendation is learn, wherever you are in the World, what you want to pay for goods. It is EASY to lose money.  But after all don’t most businesses go bankrupt? The World is not a fair place.  The smartest will survive and thrive.  And if you are smart you will aid and partner with rich merchants to get beneficial prices, acquire tokens to enable barter of better prices, buy deeds from town halls to reduce town taxes.Are there negatives? Not really.  Some people reported quest bugs but they are few and far between and mostly ironed out by the developer. I said to the developer that there should be a “note pad” facility as I find I need separate paper to jot down notes, as there is no record kept of “gossip” if you have a chat in the inn, so it’s easy to forget the latest “news” from travellers.  But do use tabs in cities to see goods prices from the last 10 or so cities you visited (as a guide, they WILL change according to dynamic supply and demand).I love this game and highly recommend it, only if you enjoy turn based trading mind you, mixed up with adventure.  It is really a hidden gem on steam and its mixed reviews are not deserved.  This game is a definite positive. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,294020,32102085,Posted: 1 June,all,Les,"Good game. Lots of interesting mechanics and features.The only complain I have is end-game, when you finally learned all ropes and making thousands on transactions and just want to finish the game. At this stage it is a simple gring to make enough money to advance to the next level and it's not interesting.Also, game requires quite steep curve to capture all special places like mines, caves, etc. You just need to have around 30-35 mercenaries. How about having different difficulty for special places?Nevertheless, it's good fun for about 10hrs."
76561198027435254,Recommended,294020,13246604,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Murder_Punch,This is actually a really fun game. Think a less rigged feeling FTL with trading and such. Very well done and updated often. Love it.
,Recommended,294020,13537950,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,fsociety,"An RPG where making money and greasing palms is more valuable than any sword, very unique. Needs more polish (as of 7/14), but a really great idea and something I want to come back to."
76561198092623856,Recommended,294020,11494452,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,hthmpsn,This game is still really buggy. If you save do not try to come back to it. I have tried with different saved games and there is always a glitch. I also can't find out how you are supposed to put the specialists into ruins so that they can start there monasteries. I understand that it is still early release so hoepuly they will be able to fix those problems. also I can't find where to acess the travel log which would be helpful because sometimes there are market fluctuation hints.
,Recommended,294020,12706393,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,-- scippie --,"EDIT: Now that the game has been released, I am updating the review. The game has fully become what I had expected of it. It is a great game, very well worked out. When you like trading games, but don't want a boring buy-and-sell-only type of game, try this one!Here's my E.A. review, except for the bugs/typos, it's still quite accurate:This game is very nice already in its current state. Except for some typo's here and there, the texts are very readable (something you don't see often) and the story itself is simple yet nice.Except for one system hang (had to completely reset my pc), the game has not yet had any glitches with me.I was very afraid that the game would quickly become boring, but after 2 hours of playing (and enjoying), I can say that except for some events that have repeated a lot, most of the time I was discovering new things.The game is not yet finished, although I think it already is a very good game, much more finished than several other already released games, so I can't wait to see what's coming next.A very relaxing, but not at all boring, game. I am very glad that I have supported the development of this game and I hope they will finish it (but not too soon, this game has still much potential for even more gameplay, even though it already is great)."
76561198068136379,Recommended,294020,13019156,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,danieljosiahsmith,"So far i've been very impressed by this game.  If you are looking for something a little different in the gaming world, this game is definitely that.  It deals within a complex economy that is built into the game and fluctuates just as an economy would in the real world.  At first, the trading is challenging as you learn different ways to take advantage of the market.....your efforts might seem fruitless at first, as did mine, but give it time and the beauty of the game takes shape.I think there are a few areas of improvement that could be made, a little more variation in events that occur during traveling(i mean seriously, how many stinkbeavers are there lol) would be nice.  Overall, it's been a lot of fun this far."
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,294020,11428194,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,mr.seventenski,"This isn't a horrible game however the biggest problem is that there are so many games similar to this one that are so much better.  If you like trading games then you'd have much better luck with a game like port Royale 3.  The biggest issue with the trade system in this game is that you pretty much need to memorize the advrage vaules of every trade good which pretty much is going to turn into guess work.  Another issue is that the game really has the feel of a free game you'd play on newgrounds or something.The game is still being worked on so who knows, maybe some of the problems will be fixed later, but it really seems to me like the game is flawed at it's core since it's most important feature is the trading yet that is so poorly done.  Oh and this is more of a personal complaint and more of a ""it's just me"" thing but I hate the art style.  Everyone in the game either looks like an ailen or they are inbreed to me."
76561197968272604,Not Recommended,294020,18471836,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Tseng,"I'm glad I got this game when it was 90% off. I have a soft spot in my heart for economic games, but this one left me bored very quickly. I finished it just because I bought it. It wasn't worth my time."
,Recommended,294020,11561043,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ph1l,"Ok let's try this.This Game is not good, but also not that bad either. It lacks a few Features, which I'll try to explain now:The ""flow"" of the Game is really smooth at the actual State of the Game. But what I don't really get are the Prices of towns. I didn't found any hint on how the Prices on different Items are affected. Ok, I understand, that some Items costs more in Winter and less in the Summer, but how is it Possible, that the Price of Food and/or Hide goes up/goes down about ~20% in ONE run from one Town to another and back? I didn't get this algorithm.One Feature that also would be cool is the following: I often get the ""Event"" where I can help a Merchant, which than told me, where I could sell something to a good price...the Second Time I didn't even found the namend Village...Something like a Highlighted Village or a ""Tooltip"" showing, while going over the Town with the Mouse.Tooltip: While going over a Town with your Mouse, let you show some Informations of your last Visit (the Price of Items the last Time you visited for Example).All together: The Game is a Funny Timesink atm, but needs a lot of work to be done. I love Games like this, just to chill and don't think that much about other stuff in life :)So: Buy it, but not now...or buy it and support the Developers."
76561198125254167,Recommended,294020,13018103,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lummisam,"I've enjoyed this game a lot.  Its an adventure trading game with good imagery and sounds.  It doesn't feel like it's a fully finished product though, as many of the minigames still feel undeveloped, and there are still many bugs."
76561198009834539,Recommended,294020,12954077,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,joshdw19,"UPDATE: Very quick customer service and released a bug fix not even 2 days after i reported the issue.  Been playing the game a lot.  Tons of fun.  Would highly recommend now.Previous Review:I was having a lot of fun playing this game for the first few hours I played it.  I'm a big fan of trading games and have played others in the past like tradewinds and patrician etc.  The biggest problem with this game is the fun is ruined the moment a game ruining bug happens.  I came across a bug after several hours of play yesterday causing me to not be able to move my cart after loading my game.  I've left a bug report, but so far I haven't heard back.  I can not recommend the game in its current state.  This is the first time i've ever saved and reloaded my game so needless to say i'm hesitant to even start another new game in Merchants of Kaidan as the same thing might happen again.  Regretting the purchase at the moment :(."
76561198003215331,Recommended,294020,13555099,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zarkrash,"10-15$ for 8-11 hours or so of enjoyment, unless you enjoy trading a great deal, and can get additional enjoyment out of the game.It's a good simple game that's easy to pick up, but becomes almost laughably easy once you know various city's specialty goods."
76561198048770373,Recommended,294020,30763403,Posted: 26 March,all,gamecerevie,"Got this for $1.49.Definitely worth it as a enjoyable trading game--probably would have felt the same up to about 50% off.Some learning curve in trying to get the feel for destinations and pricing for their usual commodities, with offscreen random events that you can find out about by buying drinks for strangers.  Probably would have preferred if some commodities were slightly more static by destination.Overall, worth a gander, at pricing noted above--I am not regretting the time spent playing."
,Recommended,294020,25626257,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,privatejoh,"This is just my side of the story, which I was compelled to write after reading a number of negative reviews.This is a trading game with very solid mechanics. If you don't like this type of game, stay away from it. Making money and completing quests will get you up the merchant hierarchy ladder, which will gradually increase the amount of goods you can trade. The trading locations are fixed, so eventually there will be repetition as there is a limited number of locations and different goods to trade. That said, the games offers a ton of side quests to follow, side activities to earn extra cash which imply basic  character development, two extra playable trading characters, ... In summary, a good game that develops its full potential as you play.Two main criticisms:1.- You might want to check the easy play box in the start menu for prices to make any sense.2.- When playing with two or three characters, you can exchange the items they have. The problem is that many of those items have the same picture, but in the pop-up window to exchange them you cannot see their description, so you have no real idea which one you are transferring between characters. Eventually, that makes you stop customizing your characters as it becomes a real pain in the behind (if you know what I mean).3.- As most trading games, eventually it gets repetitive, meaning it lacks repeatability.Is Merchants of Kaidan a good trading game? No doubt. I liked it better than Patrician or Port RoyaleIs it one of 10 games I would take to a forgotten island? Definitely no.Is it worth full price? If you are REAL fan of trade games, yes. Otherwise, wait for a Steam sale."
76561198030785744,Not Recommended,294020,16663087,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sbrown1022,"Most good trading games have an approachable trading engine at their core, with intriguing ""RPG"" extras on top. Merchants of Kaidan attempts that, but it's core trading mechanics are so unrewarding that it just make the whole endeavor annoying, and the ""RPG"" extras in the game are lost because of it. For the most part you are wandering the map at continual cross purposes, getting frustrated at the incremental progress you're making. I stopped playing after a dozen hours because it   just   was   not   fun. I wish I would have liked it more...a lot more."
,Recommended,294020,12997144,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Narek,"Great game, can see great room for growth.  Having issues with air trader grabbign quests though"
76561198054818448,Not Recommended,294020,17508580,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Clip Art Cake,The economy in this game has minimal changes. Merchants aren't needed if the economy is so stable already. The price for any goods are nearly the same in every town. You'd make more money if you played as a henchman for a merchant.
76561197978350645,Recommended,294020,23176225,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,lionhart,"Merchants of Kaidan is one of those former ""early access"" games that was never quite finished. It is definitely a little rough around the edges, and the criticisms raised in the negative reviews are all valid.  However the parts that were finished -- the core of the game -- are good enough for me to give a solid recommendation, provided you understand what you are getting into.First of all, the trading mechanics in this game are very simple (I would even say casual). There is no realism or predictibility to the economic system whatsoever, and it is not possible to develop a long term strategy by identifying and exploiting favorable trade routes, for example. The excitement in Merchants of Kaidan is of the gambling variety -- the occasional thrill of hitting the jackpot when you randomly find a great deal on that cargo you've been lugging around for the past two weeks. In fact, playing this game reminds me very much of what it feels like to play video poker: getting by on marginal trades (pairs, jacks or better) while bidding your time waiting for the big score (straight flush) that will propel you to the next level.What really makes Merchants of Kaidan worth playing are its artistic qualities. The world building, artwork, and music are all beautifully done and very evocative. The world of Kaidan is what I can only describe as ""medieval steampunk"" -- the villages, horse drawn carts, and peasant workers all seem like something out of the late middle ages. But look more closely and you'll spot aliens underneath some of those hooded cloaks, and airships plying the trade routes alongside (or above) the wooden carts.I thoroughly enjoyed my time spent in Kaidan. If you are not expecting a deep strategy experience, and if you can excuse the fact that the late game feels somewhat unfinished, it is definitely worth a try. At the very least, download the demo and do a little tavern hopping to get a feel for what the world of Kaidan is like."
76561198171399494,Recommended,294020,23947005,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hubaloo2,"I purchased this game for ~$1.25 and for what I paid for it it is worth it. The game itself, is a fun game. The text in the game is rife with grammatical errors which ruins the emersion. The music is nice, the quest tracking is rancid, there are four separate quest tracking tabs and if you're not careful you could accidentally time out a quest in an unmonitored tab. THere is a quest needs to be completed ! when there is about 5 days left on the quest which could trigger when you're at the very least distance away of two weeks. The slider selection tool for selecting troops and other such things is horrendous. When I try to reduce my units to send into a cave by 1, it goes to 0, not instantly, incrementally beyond my control, this is a bug because it bounces back and forth like it's playing pong all without any input from my device. It can't be my mouse, because nothing else is affected, not the mouse pointer, not other mouse based games. Once a unit is set in a location, ie.. Monk in a temple, with a botonist, fermentist, and agriculturist, none of the accessories (everything but the monk so to speak), can be retracted so they can be trained.This game is fun and is not worth more than $1.25 in its current state. The least they could do is proof read the English text, and if English isn't their first language, they should find someone who can proof read the translation, it looks like whoever wrote this game has English as a second language and based on its linear progression I would guess this comes from a Chinese developer or an 8th grade English drop out (no offense meant to the Chinese develeoper, my Mandarin is worse). And please fix the damn bugs, and ui issues. Not to mention the graphic optimization is terrible as well, I have an R9 290X graphics card and experience poor framerates on the top down map when there is rain or snow. For a game with these simple graphics that should not be."
,Recommended,294020,19996685,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,johnruth_l,"I really enjoyed this game, and played it every chance I got for a couple weeks. Granted, as the father of three young boys, that is not as impressive as it sounds.It took a couple of restarts to get the hang of the trading. I kept wanting to push to the higher priced goods too quickly.There are a couple of complaints I had, but they were more nuisance than problem. The more concerning is that there are several random events where it doesn't seem to matter which option you choose. And not just the effects, the message is identical in either case.The other, hopefully soon fixed,  problem was typos. There are A LOT of typos. The one that happened often enough for me to remember is that when you use the blackmail material, it says you are not successful, but that you get 10,000 tirgons.Like I said, I enjoyed this game even with the problems. Enough that, if they come out with an update addressing this stuff, I'll probably play through it again."
76561198030778236,Recommended,294020,14231740,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Whygee,"This is an excellent trading game with a bit of a storyline and inspiring (albeit somewhat repetitive - only 5 tracks) music. Many people complain about the dodgyness of the economics, but I do understand it from the point of view of a trader. Starting off isn't easy and could take a bit, as you take into account the pricing and fluctuation of the system. Questing provides a sort of guideline on where to go next, and the addition of specialist and ""combat missions"" with dynamic rewards adds to the mix.Pick it up on special if you like economics/trading/tycoon games."
76561198083746631,Recommended,294020,19210411,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Asalieri,"This game is not for everyone. You pretty much have to have a taste for strategy/market games.However, what it does it does really well! I can't help but be hooked by this game, because there is so much to do on your way to becoming a millionaire in a fantasy realm! Which do you do? Do you build wineries? Do you mine? Do you get to own a bunch of massage parlors? The answer is, of course, yes. There is something rewarding about taking 1500 initial gold and turning it into millions.But again, it's an acquired taste. But if being a beggar and working your way up into the merchant nobility in a fantasy world is your idea of fun, pick this up right away!"
,Recommended,294020,13131251,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pingu,It a bit hard in the beginning but it has a nice aspect for people who love economy/trading/and taking risks with strategy. I would reccomend it!
,Recommended,294020,12959550,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VanDamn,"Cool trading sim with RPG elements, hoping for much more content to come!"
76561198009490052,Not Recommended,294020,12886921,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dezorden,"I usualy like trading games but this one is just too stupid the economy makes no sence at all, few  example's a can mining town sell iron at higher prices that any other town in the map just like that all other  towns they just won't sell their main or locally produce product cheaper that others towns, villages won't sell food cheaper that a big city or animals pelts. this is just 2 of many mechanic in the game that makes no sense at all.The game is broken or just full bugs.The game is also heavily base on luck(random events) so not just the game economy makes no sense and is random but is base in luck.It was a waste of money buying this game thinking that it has some kind of strategy or real economy."
,Not Recommended,294020,28603386,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trackman,"Could be good, but the grind is enourmous and the randomness of what to buy where and when is basically guess and hope (with a few exceptions). There are no RPG elements really."
76561198144593917,Recommended,294020,23422547,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"I have a lot of good to say about this game, but also a lot of bad. It's far from perfect, but in the end I finished it and had fun with it, so I'd recommend.Pros:+ The travelling merchant experience is there. If you are browsing this game, I'm guessing you are looking for a game that let's you travel from town to town buying low and selling high. Well, this game will deliver on that. I'd say the trading mechanics are pretty solid.+ The game has a story. It's not super creative or deep, but it does keep the game moving to some extent. This is a simple thing, but it's absent in too many of these economic/merchant type games.Cons:- Although I'm fine with the travelling merchant experience, it's just not enough. The game does get quite repetitive after a while. I have to confess that I considered quitting before the end. Once you get rich enough and experienced enough, there is nothing new under the sun. You are just kind of going through the motions. The game does make an effort in this regard, by allowing you to do things like clear dungeons and open massage parlors, but these things are kind of half-hearted and don't add much.-  The story has a tendency to stagnate, and there were times when I was just wandering around trying to figure out what I had to do to advance the story. As it turns out, many of the story events only trigger when you go to certain places. I eventually realized that you have to be careful to explore the whole world (not just your favorite trading routes) or you might never trigger the story's advancement."
,Not Recommended,294020,16087083,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,gafinogenov,"This is barely a game. Contrary to some of the other reviews, you don't need a spreadsheet or anything--just remember what the rough price range is for a few key commodities and you'll be in great shape. As you move up through the ranks, though, this becomes increasingly tedious, and none of the new features you unlock add anything meaningful. It's basically an exercise in how much annoyance you can put up with, from the incomprehensible ""quests"" to the awkward interface to the absolutely pointless ""partnership"" system (which basically ensures that 2/3 of your game is wasted on accumulating money your main character can't even use, no I'm not kidding). Give it a pass."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,294020,15334280,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"Dull, slow, random, and full of too many misspellings and poor writing for a game that thinks it's out of alpha.There's  no real scope to make a plan; prices are arbitrary, travel is a bunch of clicks without much happening."
76561198046897182,Recommended,294020,11766516,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,porfora,"I liked the concept of this game but after 2x2 hour sessions I've had enough, you simply can't make a profit. Endless wagon breakdowns, robbers taxes and tolls take away any chance of making money. You can only realisticly work with one product, food, anything else you buy never shows a profit.  How long it would take to get 5000, to reach the next stage, is anyone's guess.  When I thought I was making a profit, bandits and customs and wagon breakdowns wiped it out. I'm bored with it and I regret paying £10.99 for it.  NOT WORTH A FIVER"
,Not Recommended,294020,13687915,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,carewolf,"Not a bad game, but quite limited.The game has an interesting start when you get to know the game and is fighting for your survival and every earned coin, but it gets progressively easier and increasingly pointless. After 4 hours of game it no longer makes sense. For me the breaking point was getting another merchant to work for me, and realising I didn't really care. I tried starting over, but since there is only one small map and you are limited in what you are allowed to do to begin with, there is no actual replay value.The only good thing are the merchant rank progression quests which requires some skill, otherwise the main story line progresses apparently randomly and without skill, and all other quests are usually meaningless.If you like hoarding money for no apparent reason this game might appeal, otherwise you can get 3-4 hours of entertainment out of it until it gets too easy and the pointlessness of money hoarding gets to you."
76561198044797961,Recommended,294020,17560344,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jan,"A humble trading game. Graphics are a bit poor for the likes of today, with fixed 2D pictures of places with link points, but are correct for the playing purposes. The mechanics are good, with many variable factors and random events, but like other games of the genre, requires perseverance to learn what goods are profitable, where buy and sell, and, over all, keep on moving on search of benefits, by air, earth and sea. And this is the true challenge of the game, with a main campaign with more than 100 ""missions"" in a little map of 40 cities and towns. Can buy special or magic items, hire professionals of various types and mercenaries, manage mines, distilleries and parlours. Maybe its not orgininal, shows a lot of unnecessary texts and requires at least Windows 7, but it should be welcomed among the trading titles. Like the game teaches, buy it with a generous discount!"
,Recommended,294020,18452018,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ShredFaster,"NOTE: I bought this game on sale for $1.50, the deal definitely influenced my expectations for the game and satisfaction with what I got for my money. $15 seems a little steep.Merchants of Kaidan won't be the best game you've ever played but you can tell there's some serious love that has been put into the world, giving it a nice sense of history. It's some place I could see an offbeat game of Dungeons and Dragons being set in. The trading mechanics are solid, though consistant spelling errors may distract some and the story wasn't exactly to my taste; I would say it feels forced but I think it's my bias toward a less defined background (not every game can give you advanced RPG customization, it's just unrealistic). Also, it's essentially a series of menues and little else, but they're easy to navigate and visually stimulating. Consistantly experienced problems selecting options in the game, having to click three or four times 75% of the time.As for the trading mechanics, which were mentioned previously, they aren't overly simplistic but they certainly aren't complicated... Well, as others have mentioned, they start out pretty limited with only two resources being profitable with any consistancy. The idea of investments are pretty cool but you better have some serious resources if you're going to do the monster hunting neccessary. Honestly, the point where Merchants fails worst is the barriers to entry keeping players from the well developed portions of the game. Also, luck is a huge factor, to the point where you can do everything right and still lose significant sums of money. As someone else said, the economy feels somewhat arbitrary at times, and yet others it fits nicely into what you would expect from a ""real world"" (as much as I would expect given my experience with the game so far).So far it has been fun, and I can see myself logging hours consistantly when I have a little time to kill here and there (some, but not enough for a more involved game). I'd recommend it on sale, bottom line. It's a game for the casual gamer, those who take their trading very seriously will probably be disappointed.If I make a fool out of myself here, forgive me. It's my first review."
76561198019022165,Not Recommended,294020,16530019,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PathOfPain,"Weeeeell this game is frustrating!Here are the good parts:- Now, the game runs well and has no bugs that i could see, so thats good- The graphics are pretty low so it should work on any old cr..a..p...py computer, device whatevar. In fact, there are no animations, only still images. But its ok for a trading game. I didn't mind- Sound is ok but repetitive. Might want to mute the music after awhile.The bad parts:- It's not a good trading game. It seems everything you do depends far more on luck than how competent you are at trading stuff. Just getting the 4000 gold to get into the merchant guild as your first quest took hours where i traveled around, made only money to stay even (at 1000 gold) when suddenly i got lucky and found a village selling low priced food right next to the capital who bought it at high price. There i made 3000 gold in 5 minutes. That's after 4 hours of play!- To make things even worse, price flucuates wildly for no reason most of the time. The only logical reason is because of the season change, One day food is priced at 6 gold and a few days later its 20 golds. And the season didn't change. And it can happen at any city or farming village. WTFuuuuuu..c...k? So trying  to establish a valuable trading route is impossible. It all depends on the luck you have to be at the right place at the right time. So most of the time, you move around with no cargo because its not worth it. But you still have to pay your guys each day.- To make things a lot worse, you got the concept of how lucky you are! It goes from -3 to +3. Positive is good and negative is very very bad. When in the positive, most of the time nothing happens when you travel, so thats pretty good. But if you misbegotten son of a wh....ore get into the negative, you are in deep troubles. At -1.4, i got dragons attacking me EVERY TRIP. They eat my wares so i lose cash over the maintenance i pay for each trip. And when you are unlucky, it is very difficult to get back to lucky or neutral again, because you get more and more unlucky events that drop your luck.You might say, just pay a sheet.load of money to get your luck back, but until you are very rich, you don't have the money to buy your way outta bad luck.WOW, what a concept! A game so based on luck that it doesn't matter what you do it all depends on chance!I don't like game of chance so this game is not for me. I prefer to play poker instead, i get better luck and its far more fun."
76561198076205586,Recommended,294020,15050074,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Acuru,"After half year break, and tons of paches, this gam starting to be very good traiding game,"
76561198010489984,Recommended,294020,15248247,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,jennyene,"This is my first review on steam but i felt compelled to do it since i really like the game and hope to make it more broadly known.So this a trading game by far and at its heart.The rpg elements are there but only as a supplement to the game.I have to clarify the fact that in its present state the game doesnt has the flaws that you will read in older reviews and guides.There is reason behind the prices (towns vs villages,different agricultural products produced in different regions etc).Every commodity can be sold for a price but not anywhere.On the downside i think that after midgame the challenge goes down and that could be something that the developers could look in to it maybe with a dlc?If you like trading trading games and atmosphere of far off places you should buy t"
,Recommended,294020,14575236,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Duckboi,Time just flies when I play this game
,Not Recommended,294020,26431606,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AbyssHawke,I've played Caravaneer 1 and 2 for a long time because I actually do enjoy playing those type of games. But Merchants of Kaidan did fail at prices and logic. There was no balance and most of times there was no logic.
76561198117861731,Recommended,294020,18446579,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"Your typical resource trading game, but with some unique twists. You go from town to town, buying low and selling high. You can get more carts and upgrade them as well as new steeds. The music and visuals are very pleasing and the game runs smoothly, the character portraits are a welcome touch as they give every character a sense of individuality.There are some issues I have with this game, though. Firstly, there's no way to check the buying and selling price of resources in towns that you are not in. The closest you get is a recording of the buy and sell history of resources you can look at while in the market. This method isn't very good because it only tells you the prices of resources AT THE TIME WHEN YOU WERE THERE LAST. This means that it does not tell you the current prices, which is useless. The ""2 days ago"" and ""8 days ago"" tabs are also unclickable. Whenever I tried to click on them, it would just close the market window.In addition to this the game also gets very samey after a few hours since the ""random events"" cease to be random after you encouter them a few dozen times.With all that said I still had a few good hours of fun with this game and would reccomend it to anyone else who likes games that allow you to become a successful merchant. After about 5-6 hours of gameplay I managed to go from $0 to $20'000, so there's plenty of profit to be made. I hope the Dev team makes updates to this game as I would love to come back to it to find fixes and new additions."
76561198008150403,Not Recommended,294020,17682157,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Vault92,"If you are looking for an interesting trade simulation look anywhere. The mechanics are so simple that become tedious and repetitive, and finally, the rpg-story part adds nothing to the game."
,Not Recommended,294020,15483204,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hideo Kojima Jr.,"I bought this because I enjoyed stuff like Patrician and Port Royale in the past, it's pretty polished but the problem is the pricing of goods is really wonky and there doesn't seem to be any one route that turns a reasonable profit. Even the cities that supposedly specialize in producing a good usually don't seem to offer a better deal than any random village you could wander into. also there's the whole hill herb thing, usually 120t to buy and can only seem to offload it anywhere for 30t at best, What the hell is that? I went to the barbarian cities to try and find hill herb cheaply and even there it would be ridiculous trying to run a route off of it.The only break they give you is that the starting city sells food cheaply for like a week and then it dries out and you're stuck wandering through all these cities looking for a single thing that can be traded for a profit.IMO your money would be better spent on Port Royale 2 or Patrician if you've never played those, really regret buying this because now it just sits unplayed."
76561198065942301,Recommended,294020,16070547,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,andrwtyr1,"Intensely fun trading game.Pros:-As far as I can tell, it's a completely new world.  And I love it.-Alien Steampunk meets Count of Monte Cristo.-Several methods of transportation, and many alternate ways to make money.-Gritty.  Ugly-as hell aliens  make up the bulk of the population, but you need them, and they need you.-Hitting home the realistic ""right place at the right time"" / ""wrong place at the wrong time"" constantly.  You may feel like it's a luck-game, but in reality, you control your actions; you make your fortune while the odds are against you.-Assuming you don't bomb in the first thirty minutes of gameplay, the rest is fairly smooth sailing and quite enjoyable.-Alarmingly simple, once you get the hang of it.  Prices only change at the beginning of a new day, not as you buy/sell each item individually.  Hey, I said, ""intensely FUN"", not ""intensely REALISTIC"", and to me, that's actually a good thing.CONS:-Music is ridiculously calming.... ALL the time.... Don't get me wrong, it's good music, but you know.... maybe a 5 second long ""tragic"" tune when you get sprayed by a stinkbeaver, or when you get robbed.... Give me something here devs? I want some music to help me feel sorry for myself for those 5 seconds.....-Kind of grindy, especially if you're not intending on doing any of the quests.-If you don't catch on quick to the small-scale scheme at the beginning, you're in for a rough ride.  >>  Buy food cheap in the small villages that hunt, and sell in the big cities.  Upgrade your capacity and repeat.9/10It's rare that I find a game I can rate above 7/10 and not feel like I'm being merciful, much less find a game deserving of 9/10 at all.  But this one has won me over."
,Not Recommended,294020,13583090,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LordYabo,"I wanted to like this game, but it wouldn't let me.Probably one of the worst economic trading games you can find.  No rhyme or reason to the prices of things.  That's not just me saying it, it's also the giantbomb gameguide writer saying ""ya, totally random pricing, good luck"".  You got cities sometimes selling food for less than the rural villages.  Mountain towns selling ore for more than the villages on the plains.  And if they just came out and say ""ya, it's totally random"" at least you'd know what you are dealing with. But no, they insist on telling you over and over that certain cities are producers and others are consumers.  Well if that is true, sir, you are the worst buggiest programmer to every write an economy AI.And in a buck against the trend, this game starts brutally hard then (according to game guides) becomes extremely easy.  This must be to make some kind of point that starting easy and increasing the challenge as the player learns the game is all wrong.I don't know why they made a trading game where the new player can only trade in 4 of all the products.  And then make 2 of those 4 useless (you'll never find someone buying it for higher than you got it) so you have to GRIND your way to making the first 4,000 gold 50-100 gold at a time.  I spent 2hrs and only got 2,000 gold.  I give up.  I see no reason to grind in an unfun game just to hope it becomes fun later."
76561197995983901,Recommended,294020,13033851,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,mike70382,It'll be a good game when finished. Buy now if you want to test and play. Buy later if you want a complete game.
76561198134438898,Not Recommended,294020,14257393,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,crimsonshadow78,This game needs alot of work on the interface to be much easier on the interactions.  Not nearly as well polished as Port Royale or any of the other trading / dynasty games.
,Recommended,294020,14335638,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,WeepingLlama,"A good, solid trading game even though its really hard. Would not recomend for people who are looking for a fast paced game. It can be really frustrating but otherwise a good game."
,Recommended,294020,13712763,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ssnmustang,I have played a hundred hours.  the game mechanics it self is not bad it is very repetative.  The neeed more mapsand different options for trading.
76561198068371434,Recommended,294020,22574185,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,l.shanksy,"I watched Spice and Wolf and then seen this on steam, I-I just had to. Really though, it's a pretty good game to play to chill out to, but there are definately other games with better economic mechanics. If games like this aren't your cuppa tea, definately wait for a sale."
76561197993288786,Recommended,294020,22383933,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Invest,Really cool game where you are the actual merchant. A true trading game with beautiful graphics.
76561198048628640,Recommended,294020,24133874,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lelouch,"I bought this game on sale for $1.24 or so with the last of my Steam money.  Was it worth it?  I believe so.I will probably be putting a lot more time into this game, but I noticed there were few recent reviews on this game, so I figured I'd write one.The game is a bit too simple to go through a huge list of Pros and Cons, but here's the gist:When you start the game, you have a couple different ways to play; A) Avenging the death of your father B) Reaching 1,000,000 coins or C) Two different time-based options.  I started with Option B, because I just wanted to get filthy rich.  They plop you in a town with a simple tutorial and nothing to start your business except your family ring, which you have to sell.  Once you get your bearings, the rest of the game is up to you.  There's TONS of small towns and cities to visit to trade your goods, hire mercenaries to protect you and said goods, different carts to buy and upgrade to carry said goods, and lots of random events.When travelling around you sort of have to plan ahead or you'll end up broke, or even dead.  You can find treasure on the road, little old ladies, get attacked by bandits, or even mauled by a bearwolfe, which sounds a lot worse than it is if you have enough mercs to protect you.All in all, I would very much consider this game worth getting when it's on sale, especially if you're into the whole Trading (buy low sell high) type of games.  The normal asking price is $15, which I'd probably never pay that much, but for less than the price of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ McDonald's burger, on sale it's totally worth it.7-8/10Also LOL @ the guy that wrote a review stating the grammatical errors in the game ruin the ""emersion"".  You'd think someone complaining about that would know how to spell it."
76561198102163234,Not Recommended,294020,30011502,Posted: 18 February,all,sinkler,"Was really fun at first, had hope for this project, but dev abandoned it in what feels like unfinished state.I wish it was still getting updates, but i cant recommend it unfortunatly."
76561198119692289,Not Recommended,294020,18451194,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,kissyface,"I bought this on sale, would not even dream of paying full price for this."
,Recommended,294020,18093382,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Logicbomb,"If you enjoy trading style games then this is for you. It offers lots of interesting events, quests and side businesses you can run that makes it highly enjoyable and  long lasting. Many trading games have this bad curve of struggle, struggle struggle, then bam you get it and once you figure it out it's easy and quickly gets boring. MOK throws some curve balls at you and keeps you needing more and more money , along with giving you more expenses and upkeep. So basically the cost  goes up along with the fun.  Most of these games have a very lack luster story involved,  MOK isn't anything amazing but it is decent and better than expected for the price of admission."
76561198009389605,Not Recommended,294020,29732555,Posted: 5 February,all,Maecker,"It's not a bad game, but it's filled with bugs and it's not that good either.Takes awhile to get your ropes in a knot, but once you understand the behavior of the game it get easier.The game crashes a lot so save a lot, locations you can't go when some factor is in play or simple you turn not ending when you gave you tavel orders.At first you are on your own with a small crew, eventually you can get a sea captian and an air captain to join you in your venture. But that's one part of the game I really don't like. They just seem to slow the pace, I got rid of them first, it was just annying to have them around and didn't really increase my profites, it just ment more management. But the problem is if you want to do the story... you f***ing need them. Yes I hated having them around that much. They can skip a turn but only once then they HAVE to move. I wouldn't have minded so much if I could just pay them a wage and use them when I need. But you absolutly have to spend time moving them around. That for me on top of the crashes and the bugs was a ral buzz killer."
,Recommended,294020,18597506,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tula,Buying and selling items to become rich and powerful whats not to like ?10/10
,Recommended,294020,20918224,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Fire7002,sometimes it might get repetetative but it is realy fun i love it!
76561198037890613,Recommended,294020,18463695,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Natefu,"Fun game. However, the early stage and end stage get bogged down a bit. If your a fan of the trader genre, it's probably a 'must-have'. Just be aware, once you reach a tipping point in wealth in the mid-game, the game does get a little boring as you roam around killing time waiting for quest triggers to pop."
,Recommended,294020,17658615,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,freedom718,"A really fun trader simulator game, which is kinda difficult to understand abit at the start of playing the game but slowly you will understand the game and it comes very much simplier. Has tons of replayability and really fun as you advance through the story. But i kinda wish there were more stories to chose from or another layout of the map to keep it fresh but none the less it is really."
76561198138045913,Recommended,294020,18467268,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,CaptainSwagDaddy,Get good
76561198039374546,Recommended,294020,18513033,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DJ Raptor,Suprisingly good and addictive! Much more complicated then its seems and a lot of fun!
,Not Recommended,294020,23125819,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Johnhong,"Shallow game, Dev does not update it. I would not waste my money on this game if I had another chance."
,Recommended,294020,12907895,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Juice Box,I used to play Spore just for the part of buying herbs at different planets and reselling them for a profit. This game is all about it. I hope we get a major update soon and work out the bugs. This game is awesome if you're into trading games!
76561198010243729,Not Recommended,294020,13300214,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,taslhoff,"I'll be honest, I didn't play the game for very long, but it did not meet my expectations. I was hoping for more interactivity besides buying, selling, and a choice or two in random quests/events. Perhaps there's more to the game, but I get the feeling you only get to that after experiencing going from city to city to raise your capital. Not my type of game, maybe it's yours.So you start the game with some amount of gold, a cart, and a valuable item you need to sell for money to buy goods with. You start off with selling your valuable, buying a mercenary (initial charge and upkeep cost as well), and then you get the choice of buying your cargo. If you were dumb like me you won't think that you can actually scroll through the list of choices you can buy, so keep that in mind. Buy your cargo, go to different cities, sell when it's good. Random events with choices, may or may not help you. That's about all I experienced for a while until the game said ""Hey, we noticed you haven't actually gotten to the point we want you at so here's a reminder that you're not doing things wisely."" Of course prices fluctuate, are influenced based on where you're most likely to get certain cargo from and so on, but I hope this little review helps someone out with their choice of finding out if this game is for them or not."
,Recommended,294020,13580240,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DKC | Behodaka,If you're looking for a game where you can be a merchant and just be a merchant then this is your game.
,Recommended,294020,22878943,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,shuaiqi96,you have to try this game if you love to trade and make money~you will feel worth it
,Recommended,294020,27609855,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[901-ATT] Makkuro-Kurosuke,"Buy for less, Sell for more. Simple."
76561198011127647,Not Recommended,294020,21308834,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kiev79,I found this game to be cluncky and hard to get into
,Not Recommended,294020,20935267,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Psi,everything seems random and theres no good way to get ahead.
76561198040090625,Recommended,294020,17370459,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mankeli,"Awesome game, really addicting for all the jews of the world. I played this game for 8 hours straight in order so satisfy my hunger for gold."
,Recommended,294020,16179897,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Vir027,"I haven't dabbled in this genre previously, but Merchants of Kaidan has increased my interest. I was interested in exploring a fantasy world from the traveling merchant's point of view, and I am not disappointed. I like the game's art style and the mechanics seem reasonably balanced to me. My girlfriend and I both enjoy the quirky writing and customs, like, one common event of the road, when your carriage driver spots a woman carrying buckets and springs into frantic action to espy whether they are full or empty: whether the gods are sending you a good omen or ill.I haven't fully explored yet, but I've got a hold of the core experience now, I'm thinking, and I feel quite happy I tried it out. The very first time I did try it out, I was unmoved, but some time later I was more in the mood for what I'd seen and have been much more intrigued since then. Point being, I wasn't wholly taken with the game (it wasn't quite what I had imagined from my wish list), but having tried it out more I wanted to throw in my two cents because in my book it merits better ratings than I have sometimes seen."
,Recommended,294020,17475894,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Solid game concidering discounts and visual + sound aspects. It really works well together and you can simply spend few hours with this without a problem. At certain point though events start to repeat you just move forward with buying and selling but not a lot is changing around despite of weather.Thats just the problem with these games. Lack of action and surprise. Give it a try but not at full prize just for elements of visual and sound, you will like them."
,Not Recommended,294020,13321790,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Fubang,"Welcome to the world of Kaidan.  A magical realm full of monsters, bandits, roaming armies, and crotchety old women with buckets.  It's a great realm to live in as an adventurer!  Plenty of opportunities for mayhem, wielding your mighty sword and bringing order to the realm...Unfortunately for you, you're a merchant with cart made of kindling trying to buy and sell goods from traders who have gone far too long without their schitzopherenia medication while all the ill omens of the world are set against you...Good luck."
76561198010173671,Not Recommended,294020,31129972,Posted: 13 April,all,TheCartel,There is nothing to do much comapred to similar games mini games are too annoying sometimes its worth killing time for a while
76561198024408996,Not Recommended,294020,12952721,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rbrown3333,"Yeaah... No.  As a fan of casual games like this, this one is too buggy and internally inconsistant, at least so far.  I will try again after some more patches...************************************************Tried again, at least for a few more minutes.  It is better, but it just didn't provide any enjoyment whatsoever. I'm still sorry I spent money on this but at least they have given me reason for hope... The new history price/history feature is a GIGANTIC improvement, but you can still end up wandering around looking for a place to make a profit, (or even just trying to minimize your losses) WHEN (not if) prices drop too far too suddenly. The text is still poorly written/translated, and some of it is incredibly verbose (as in 'tldr'.)  Otherwise I didn't notice any major bugs at least.Putting it back on the shelf again for now.  Sometime when I have more time I will give it one more try."
76561198128456620,Not Recommended,294020,11583601,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,bloodysafety,"The trailer was quite misleading. I expected something like Anno meets Age of Empires meets Elderscrolls or something. I thought to myself ""Wow! I had better get this game while its cheap and just deal with the rough edges"". Boy did I waste my money (16.75USD)! This game as it is should have cost no more than 5$...if that. It seems in the early stages of development and is riddled with typos. I personally couldnt release anything this rough publicly, ask for almost 20$, and then feel ok with what I claim is my level of professionalism.Now that the [justified] ♥♥♥♥♥ing is out of the way I will say that the game, though overpriced, is fun for what it is and has alot of potential! I'll keep plugging away in hopes that somewhere down the line the game evolves beyond its current scope"
76561198041733914,Not Recommended,294020,12895391,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Not-A-Spy,No sense of direction or accomplishment in the game. I regret buying it.
,Not Recommended,294020,11523324,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,HistoChic,"My first impression review to this Early Access game:This game was not quite what I expected.  I had expected more of an RPG that was a visual game with actions rather than background screens with text pop-ups and picture menus.   Also, I don't see many RPG elements yet. This game appears to be a text/picture based version of The Guild without many of the things that made The Guild such a fun game.There were icons that were not very easy to identify. Icons for completing tasks are not obvious and traveling doesn't work well. The game locked up on me twice while attempting to travel.  This is one of the reasons I decided to just turn it off rather than continue.   The other reason is that it everything is very slow paced. This is frustrating for a person like me who likes things to move right along.I'll give this more time later and update my review to reflect the additional time.  Right now, I don't recommend the game while reminding everyone (including myself) that it is early access.  Perhaps the developers need more time and input for improvements to be made."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,294020,31915422,Posted: 23 May,all,stuguy909,"I cannot recommend this game to friends, as I don't believe they like trading games.  That's pretty much all this game is, a menu based trading game with an interactive map.  I got it for practically nothing so I figured what the hell?  I played it a while back, and once again today.  It's just...boring.  Not my cup of tea.  This game is a time sink.  You are better off actually getting in a truck and driving goods to market."
76561198013555331,Not Recommended,294020,11941314,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,tormented,"This game is SO BROKEN that I don't recommend it.  I saw a couple of reviews and decided to buy it anyway.  I really wished I had listened!  This game will inform you that you've lost a quest many times over, even when you didn't pick that quest up in the first place.  Time is of the essence, but you HAVE to stop at every single town along the way, which causes you to loose the quest that you actually did pick up.  The trading part?  To start you'll be given a map of what you think will be nice, decent trading posts.  Don't be fooled!  They carry the same stuff as the 10 cities/towns that you had to stop at and they carry nothing new.  This game was a complete waste of my money.  If it was a little better I'd be playing more, but frankly I'd rather choke to death."
,Not Recommended,294020,32713474,Posted: 23 June,all,LilleJohn,Not worth the time :/
,Not Recommended,294020,32202532,Posted: 5 June,all,Heroin™ |,WIEEERD !
76561198138220803,Not Recommended,294020,11644161,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,lilybloom17,this game is not even a game- its the worst game ever! its a reading game with a map that goes nowhere- basically just a robbery! you read no people just reading- its a gamble and you lose- 16 dollar-scam those pictures you see is all you get no game at all- the finger is all you get!
76561197993668605,Not Recommended,294020,12542604,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dirty,"I can't help but define it as....""meh""- love trading games (Patrician 4 = uber)....but this game just feels like something is missing, I do not like the interface either.   It's not a zero, but certainly no hero either."
76561198076118407,Not Recommended,294020,12882264,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,glennmanor,"Too random, economy doesn't make any sense. Poor explanations of game mechanics. Personally I want a refund."
76561197995578591,Not Recommended,294020,12749757,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,miket017,there isnt much point to play.
76561198037922240,Recommended,294020,18733790,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,peacock.colin.stone,"If you like king of dragon pass or mercent of venice style games its a pretty solid game in the genre. I wish that it didn't have the few bugs and hard to follow questlines, but really enjoyed it and hope they keep making more games like it/improve upon it."
76561198026459777,Not Recommended,294020,19208070,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LashingFurball,"It's a game purely based on random events, random prices, etc.  It's not about tactics, it's not about planning, it's not about risk vs reward, and it's most certainly not about trading when you cannot predict randomness.  It's a shell of a game, if they built an engine behind it that delivered on the game's description of features such as seasonal impacts to prices, then it could be fun, but till then... don't waste your time or money."
,Recommended,294020,21857465,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,MoldySpore,"This is a great little trade/economy simulator with a fantasy setting. Runs great even on PC's with integrated graphics and has a surprising amount of depth if you devote some time to it. If you are looking for a game where you will be rolling in gold after an hour, look elsewhere.Pros:Unique world populated with characters and merchants not typically seen in ANY other fantasy setting (there are no elves, dwarves, or orcs in this world)Several fun quest lines including a pretty well thought out main storyline about avenging your father.Lots of items and trinkets to collect, some of which effect gameplay.The artwork in this game...just wow. For an indy game someone spent a LOT of time designing and then drawing these awesome characters and towns. No two locations share the same piece of artwork, and there is a diverse enough cast of NPC's and other quest givers that you don't often see the same species pop up more than once per town/questline.The music is fun, and the game even includes an option to just play the music without having to load the entire game.Rewards effort. It took me a couple days to get the hang of price fluctuations and to amass any significant amount of gold. Once you start expanding your merchant empire, the game REALLY opens up and adds several new types of travel and the ability to control multiple merchants at once, as well as own businesses. Clearing caves and mines out of treasure and monsters was a nice touch and helps to mix up the gameplay.Cons:The map is pretty small, especially if you come into this game expecting Civilization-size maps.Whoever proofread this game needs to be fired. I'm no grammar nazi, but there are enough spelling and grammar mistakes that it becomes very noticeable, especially after playing for a while.Slow start puts a LOT of people off, which is obvious from the number of negative reviews with only a few minutes or handful of hours playing, as well as the fact that most achievements on this game can be considered ""rare"", with the most acquired achievement sitting at 10% globally.Once your empire is huge and you've played for 10-20 hours, you've pretty much seen it all, although the other story/quest options allow for some replayability.Overall I got way more mileage out of this game than I thought I would. I had a coupon for it for 90% off and got it for $1.50 as a joke gift for my wife. She wound up playing it A LOT, so much so that I just HAD to play it too. I wound up purchasing it for full price and I have absolutely no regrets."
,Recommended,294020,22195417,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,MPDelambre,"This game is about trade, and all what comes with it. Compared with other trading sim games, like Patrician 3-4, Port Royale and Rise of Venice, you get the feeling that each time you leave a city anything can happen: bandits attacking, a storm, etc. And then, when you arrive to the next city, you discover that the prices have changed enough so that you hardly turn a profit! So in my view, this game is both simple and entertaining enough to make you feel as a medieval trader.Then, the fun begins. Once you have enough money / prestige / status, you are able to travel by sea / rivers, OR by air (yes, fantasy!)So I'd recommend this game to anyone who liked previous trading sims, but have in mind that is not supposed to be completely realistic. Still, it's a really good entertainment"
,Recommended,294020,29212152,Posted: 12 January,all,stephen.d.dean,A fun little trading game worth the prime with some low fantasy elements that are well done. Would recommend.
76561198341435880,Recommended,294020,28958597,Posted: 2 January,all,Merchantblood,"This game is my favorite, and dunno why. It has calm atmosphere and good musics."
