user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198063439761,Recommended,294100,32163590,Posted: 3 June,all,Mr. Slippyfist,"If you're thinking of buying this game, stop hesitating and purchase it, immediately.I started an isolated research facility on a frozen wasteland, as a 74-year-old sociopathic scientist called Geckulon Decktar; I researched robotics to begin with, and constructed some automatons to handle the menial tasks like cleaning, cooking and hauling, etc, leaving me free to conduct my research. All was well- until a band of vagrants laid siege to my settlement. I barely survived and resolved to increase my security, installing several auto-turrets around my perimeter. This would keep the ruffians at bay for a time, but I needed a longer term solution- so I turned my focus to bionic enhancements. I wanted to turn the human form into the ultimate living weapon. When a faction of slavers passed through my frozen wasteland, I did not hesitate to inspect their wares. I wanted a slave, but not just any slave- he should be foreboding, brutal, savage. And there I found him- His name was Skint Mcgruff. He was a feared crime lord when they captured him, infamous for killing and then devouring the people who wronged him. I paid the slavers their due and took Skint in. I fed him (alas, not human meat, but nutrient paste, made from potatoes- poor fare, but such is life in the frozen wastes) and I clothed him. By now I was confident in my ability to improve upon the human form, and so I presented the idea to him the very next day. He was keen- particularly about the notion of having retractable claws- and so the work began. My medical droid handled most of the surgery, but I crafted the bionic components myself. It was a long and gruelling process, but eventually, he was complete. More machine now than man, I felt it necessary to rename him... to symbolise his departure from prosaic humanity to something more, and thus I named him C.A.N.N.I.B.A.L (Cybernetic Armoured Neutraliser with Neurally Integrated Bionic Attack Limbs). He is my pride and joy... bionic eyes that can see even in the dark, bionic legs that allow him to sprint faster than a cheetah, and retractable claws with which to tear out the throats of my foes, and of course, I give him leave to feast on their corpses afterward as a reward. Now, I can conduct my research in peace..."
76561198024524401,Recommended,294100,32864623,Posted: 27 June,all,Irrapture,"You're reading the reviews thinking: ""Damn, some of these people have like 300+ hours on this, they must really like it."" Then you're looking at the price thinking: ""That much?"" Definitely worth it in my opinion. And I've only played for 20 hours (and have gotten not too much done, because there is so much to do).  It's the best base-building survival I've played yet. You get attached enough to some of your colonists that you become sad if anything happens to them.You can build your colony however you want to. Think of it like a top-down minecraft. You're not limited on how you want to build your base at all, except you can't build multi-leveled buildings. (Two-story).Every colonist has their own personality. IE: My hunter Lumine is probably one of my most useful colonists. She can snipe targets from long distances with perfect headshots. However, Lumine is staggeringly ugly and has an annoying voice. So my colonists don't really like her much.  My surgeon Toni has been through so much. She has gotten her leg and arm ripped off, so I've operated on her and given her a metal arm and leg. She is literally Edward Elric, except instead of fighting Scar she is healing Scars.Different Survival Elements. You need to keep your colonists cool when it's hot, and warm when it's cold. You can do this in different ways such as crafting them the right clothing, and having heaters/coolers. Your colonists need to eat. You can have them eat raw humans and animals like savages, or you can have them butcher animals, and cook different meals so that they can stay healthy. You need to build a freezer so that your food won't deteriorate. You need a medical room for the best effective chances of successful operations and treatment. You'll need to build wind turbines and solar generators so you can give power to the things in your base that require it. You need to build a research bench and research new... well, basically everything. So the game doesn't just give you everything that's available. You have to work for it.In the regular mode of the base game, you start off with 3 colonists. And you stick with them for a while and think: ""When am I going to get more? This is kind of slow since I only have 3 people."" Next thing you know, you have like 10 people who are all doing their own jobs. Be it people you recruited, or people who fell from cargo pods from space.And I've only been talking about your base. This game has an entirely randomly generated world that your colony is in. Which means trade caravans will visit you, different tribes will visit you. You can visit them by forming caravans of your own. You can even raid other bases. You can eventually build comms equipment to contact different trading ships that are in orbit, or the different outposts nearby. And you will get raided by a lot of different outposts as well, which means you will have to set up defences. You can take prisoners and either recruit them, release them, eat them, or harvest them for their organs. Yep. Don't want those perfectly good kidneys to go to waste now do we? If you don't want to take prisoners, you can have your colonist slit the injured guys throat. It's cold, man. They just walk right up to the injured fella and either shoot them until they die, or brutally stab them to death.Now one important thing that this game offers which any good game offers: Mods.To me, mods fill the important content that the developers have not added yet. More turrets, more organized menus, more furniture, more everything. Even the option to show visitors hospitality so that you can better establish friendship, or even recruit them to your colony!  I can't imagine playing the game without some of the mods that I have installed. Not that the vanilla game is bad, it's just that some of the mods are so useful and necessary that I wouldn't want to play without them. And none of the mods I have are cheats either. You need to use your valuable recourses in order to craft everything, including objects from mods. So definitely check the workshop out once you get the game.The only negative that I have so far isn't very much a negative of the game but just me being a little whiner.Sometimes, some of the random events are very highly not in your favor, and completely unfair. Which will result in you reloading an autosave or main save, just to prevent the event from happening. When you reload a save, that event that played out gets replaced with a different random event. So you're getting raided by a bunch of people while half your colonists have severe illnesses? No worries! Just reload a save! It's saved my colony a bunch of times. Sometimes I've let some of my colonists die and I've continued the game, but most of the time I just reload an autosave to prevent their deaths. It's an easy way to cheat the system.Overall, it's a great game. There is a reason you're seeing people with hundreds of hours on it. Every single player's game is different. Different bases, different colonists. So many outcomes. It's why you see so many people posting their stories on their reviews. It's a game that I didn't even know I wanted until I played it. Amazing community. Especially the modding community. It's making the game so much more than it already is.10/10 would have one of my rookie hunters shoot at a hare 40 times point blank, only to miss, give up, and go stargaze.Oh and don't let your colonists go on a mental breakdown. ESPECIALLY IF THEY HAVE THE PYROMANIC TRAIT. My god. Freakin Engie, literally sets fire to everything she helped build. Try to arrest them or reload a save. They will burn everything, slaughter your cats/dogs, fight your own colonists, and wreak havoc as much as the random evented angry hares that can destroy your entire colony if you're not prepared.I probably missed a lot in my review. But hey, you will discover that yourself once you play it. So what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,294100,28424691,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Beanz,"I started quite innocently at a save, three wonderful colonists. Things were going well, I got some growth up and my happy colonists were making friends with the visitors. My farms were doing exeptionally well, and after not too long, I had over one thousand in Rice, Potatoes and corn. In addition to quite a lot of strawberries. All of this in my refridgerated room. I figured I didn't have to worry about food for a long while.I was wrong.I got the fine idea of buying a hen and a rooster from a traveller, thinking eggs would make some fine additions to my food storage. I made a barn and made sure all the animals had access to food.Focusing on other things, I completely forgot about the animals for a while. Until all of a sudden there were 30 chickens. I was a little shocked about the rate in which they'd grown, and started a hay farm to give them an alternate food source that didn't ruin me. This would all be good and dandy in no time. I was wrong.By the time I'd gotten the hay sowed and partially grown, I was down to less than 500 of all vegetables. And to top it off, a blight was around the corner and completely destroyed all my crops.I had to start over. Completely panicked, I slaughtered some chickens. At this point, it was 70+. So I figured taking 25 of them to the slaughterhouse would give me some time.I was very wrong. Desperately looking for a way out, I had to slaughter another 20 something chickens. Now they were approaching 70 again. I was just hoping for a caravan to show up so that I could sell some chickens and buy some veggies.I got some hay grown and decided to cut off the chickens access to all other food sources. Now they were getting past 80. But I had some hay, hoping it would work out, I kept at it. I didn't mind the chickens for a while, until I noticed that some of them were starving. By then, I'd gotten my veggie count back up a few hundreds. I let the chicken into my pantry. And forgot about it.Some time later and A LOT of chickens later, a caravan finally appear, so I figure, finally, time to sell some chickens. Let's check how many I've got. ♥♥♥♥ING 241 chickens is what I've got! And they've pretty much cleaned out all my food by this point. Angered and slightly panicked. I sell ALL the chickens. The caravan wanted them cheap, but I didn't care, I just wanted them gone. So, some 1600 Silver later, I happily decide that my days as a chicken farmer is over, And get four alpacas instead.I was delighted.Finally, no more chickens!The caravan takes on it's way and I go about my merry business of rebuilding my food stock. Until all of a sudden it pops up in the corner 'Chicken 13 has gotten food poisoning from rice'. Puzzled, I look over to the barn, and ♥♥♥♥ing sure enough, I have more chickens!It's at this point I remember, chickens lay eggs. The chickens I had before laid eggs, I ♥♥♥♥ing forgot to sell the eggs!So I go at it again, harvesting my hay crops early and locking them away from the food supply, mad at myself for forgetting the damned eggs. But these are just tiny little chickens. They don't lay eggs, yet. So I decided to let them live until they're adults so I can slaughter them for their meat. And I go about on my merry way.GUESS WHAT, CHICKENS LAY EGGS. And these started laying eggs because I forgot about them and they grew up! I got angry, because I could see where this was going. So I marked them all for slaughter and forcefed the eggs to my innocent settlers. They didn't like it very much, but I couldn't wait until the next caravan to come along.Now I don't run a chicken farm anymore. I will never get chickens again.I love alpacas.10/10 would do again.A perfect 5/7 score for keeping me entertained"
76561198110337650,Recommended,294100,24435304,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RRed1234,"I've been playing since alpha 6, and this game is great.This is the recent story of my A14 colony.Mate touches down on the planet, with his cat, Enrique. He is great at construction and growing.We plant Potatoes and dig a hole for ourselves.New guy comes in, AMAZING at mining.He goes crazy because he slept on the cave floor.Mate shoots him 17 times because he punched him in the gut.He dies.New lady comes in, chased by pirates.Grabs pistol off dead man, capture pirate with amazing speech.Mate's Father parachutes in like ""YO SON, I GOT AN INFECTION IN MAH KNEE""We harvest, food is good.Mate's Father dies of infection, Mate dies inside.Prisoner with great speech dies of infection.New guy comes! Good speech, amazing construction.Pirates attack.Mid attack, architect has a mental breakdown because I told him to wake up to try to save Mate's dad's life.He attacks and kills a chinchilla while the pirates shoot him with shoddy pistols.THEY KILL MY GODDAMN CATMate goes on a mental breakdown rampage because they killed his cat.He slaughters them all.Lady patches him up.They become lovers.They get married.They get happier, though noone else comes for a long time.Together, they fend off wave after wave of pirates, and the local tribe comes to our aid.New guy comes in, HAS 15 ♥♥♥♥ING POINTS IN SHOOTINGMate gives pulse rifle to new guy.Bugs infest us, Sniper snipes them as they walk out.We lock them in the room to farm the jelly.We decide there is enough in there, and slaughter most of them as they try to stop our boi from stealing jelly.Rinse and repeat, we have a jelly farm now.We prosper, forgetting the tragedies of the past.We recruit 10 others, a camel, and a Panther.We build a ship, to space we must go!50 Goddamn pirates come in.We hide in our space pods.15 shooter guy guards the entrance, getting everyone inside.Mate, now an old man, with now, a shooting skill of 11, defends the line along with his power armoured brother.The turrets fall, and explode.I send our emergency pet boomalope to ALAN SNACKBAR them.Mate falls, shot many times, his armour pierced.He is still alive, his best friend, the 15 shooter guy, kills another pirate, and picks him up. He is shot many times in the back as he runs his friend to the cryosleep module.As he puts him in, he breaks, and kills the last of them.Our doctor gets out, and carries him into his pod, the last one.We leave behind 50 bodies, and a functioning colony.There is nothing there but tragedy now.Since this got so big, I just gotta say, you need to give the game a chance, because there is quite a big learning curve if you aren't used to it,"
,Recommended,294100,26221929,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BinaryViolence,"I enjoy Dwarf Fortress. But I felt disconnected with my dwarves. Honestly, 80 dwarves in one fort, and I'm supposed to care about how my Baron feels?Then I tried RimWorld. I got it October 20th of 2016. And. I pretty much played it for near 20 hour stretches. Until that Sunday night when I realized, ""I have work on Monday.""My first colony was thrown together in something of a huff as I didn't know what I was really doing, but the game is very straightforward so once I figured things out (and the ingame helper is a nice touch, Devs. Kudos), I was grooving.My two main colonists were a fighter and doctor, plus a crafter. They got along. All was well. Between the mining, expanding, animal taming, it all felt very easily managable. There were a few mistakes, but the colony thrived.Until he came along. The pyromaniac. He would occassionally start fires, usually after being rebuffed by the good female doctor who had her eyes on someone else. Often this would lead to him being arrested and thrown into a cell. If the fires were set away from the compound, then that was fine.It kept getting to the point everyone was tired of his abrasive attitude and having to put out his fires. Literally. His mood would always tank after the tribal and pirate raids, yet he seemed ecstatic when it came to lobbing his molotov cocktails at the would be attackers.Then IT landed. An AI Core. The crafter had gone out to retrieve something, and that triggered the core. Out slothed a slow moving, minigun armed slug. Everyone went on alert and was ready to fight, armed with the pistol, rifle, and knife that remained. The fighter died in a hail of bullets. He died. Blown literally into pieces infront of the good doctor. She went berserk, broken at the sight of her lover ripped to pieces. For all of the 5 seconds of rage the slug allowed before she was mowed down as well.The crafter turned tail and ran. Fear had overtaken him. He dashed into the recesses of the compound. The pyro had long since lost his mind, laughing and setting fires, about the colony, then in the compound. The first to burn up were the dearly dismembered lovers. The crafter tried to fight back the impending flames by was consumed.As the slug advanced, our moronic miscreant looked to the slug, then back to the flames... It was a simple choice in his mind. The loving, warm embrace of a firey death. The single thing he loved more than anything else in his life. A deep laugh emanting from the depth of his core as he leapt into the raging inferno..... Meanwhile I'm sitting here watching this all unfold sipping a red bull like, ""... THIS IS FREAKING AWESOME."" Rolled another colony and was up till 5:30am the next day still playing. This repeated ad nasuem all weekend in a variety of scenarios, now enabled by some mods, because hey, themed plays are fun. Especially the Cannibal Run. Oh man. That was... That was really bad.Then monday morning I show up to work looking like I'd been partying all weekend: ""Dude are you okay? You sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥ How much did you drink?"" ""... Rimworld."" ""Huh?"" ""... I was playing RimWorld. All weekend."" ""Oh. Is that a game?"" ""Yeah."" ""S'it any good?"" ""... Yes. Yes it is very good.""So that's my review of RimWorld. The first game I have played in the last 10 years that has managed to keep me up past 2am (when I usually pass out), through consecutive days without any pings of boredom or tedium. That hasn't happened in a very long time.Now if you'll excuse me? I have to plan out my Squirrel God playthrough. A mad human colonist with a bomb in his head, and ascetic tastes for squirrels. To raise them, to eat them, to create and command an army of them. And DEATH. DEATH TO ALL WHO OPPOSE US!! .... Maybe he'll let in the occassional boom rat. We'll see. Either way we're gonna have a lot of fun, am I right? :D"
,Recommended,294100,31423918,Posted: 28 April,all,allenjlap,"Decent colony with 6 people, all friends with each otherHans, the colony leader and best shooter, gets sick with sleeping sicknessBedridden as hell, cant move at allThis is annoying, because I'm short a workerHelen, the caring and beautiful doctor, spends long hours tending to him and chattingHans keeps asking her out, she keeps rejectingWeeks pass and it looks like he won't make itOut of pity Helen finally accepts his advances, Hans is overjoyedEveryone visits him, chatting him up, feeling sorry for himSpice up Helen's room so she won't be as sad when Hans inevitably passesAt the last minute, Hans miraculously recovers!!!Everyone is happy, and Helen wants to build a queen bed they can sleep in togetherHelen goes out to the edge of the map to gather some steelRaiders suddenly show up and catch her off guardHelen is speared to death, absolutely torn to shredsHans goes berserk, kills all 5 raiders himself then coops up in his room in a depressed state10/10 would suffer the greatest plot twist in gaming again"
,Recommended,294100,33571826,Posted: 15 July,all,Marick2Die,"I play this game like it's a full time job. 26 hours in my first 3 days and loving almost evey minute of it. It's purpose is to tell a story, whether of joy or sorrow, and it accomplishes this well. Let me share with you my favorite story so far, which lasted about 10-15 hours in real life.I finally made a colony that lasted longer than a year before the narrorator decided that this story was ready for a twist. 3 years in. Population is up to 7-8 people at the same time; work was getting done. Solid defense multiple blocks deep surrounding the entire base. Enough food to last for 2 years. Raiders don't stand a chance.Randy decides he's been too easy on me. First wave of raiders equiped with heavy artillery arrives. After hours, they blast a crack in my wall and flood in. My colonists have been waiting. Firing commences. Bullets fly, blood spills and bodies drop. The raiders grab 3 of my people before they retreat. I save one of them but the others are gone for good. Time to rescue and restore.Hours after the first attack, the next raid begins. The crack hasn't been repaired because most of my colony is in the hospital. A few good soldiers answer the call for justice and defend the homeland. They quickly dispense of the second wave but sustain minor injuries. Time to visit the hospital.Hours later the third strike falls upon us. This battle will be a last stand. I send those able to walk out to the battlefield, likely to take thier last breaths. They meet the aggressors at the door and unleash their weapons. This desperate attempt to save the colony ends like many wars -- neither side claims victory as we all strive to hang on. They capture two of mine, but we take down 3 of theirs.Only three reamain, wounded and unconcious. Luckily, my doctor is still alive and well, making her rounds amongst the two soldiers. We survived the war . . . or so we thought. The siren wails again as a final wave of raiders enters the arena. These lone stragglers are equipped with shoddy wooden melee weapons, but the odds are five to one. My doctor greets them at the door with an LMG and fights to her last breath. The wounded hear her screams and answer the call. Using their guns as crutches, they hobble to the entrance and face certain demise. Their only thought, ""We're taking them with us.""They fight their way through the flames and rubble that they once called home, stabbing and shotting anything that moved. The raiders retreat, but we won't allow them to get far. Not today. They chase the raiders to the gates, cornering them against the wall. The grim reaper is amongst us. They fire as long as thier strength can hold the gun before falling to the ground due to blood loss. One soldier dies while the last man finishes the assult.With every raider dead, the lone soldier returns to his room, passing his fallen comrades along the way. He eats his last meal and grab some Flake to unwind. He locks himself in the Rec room and lights up to ease the pain. He thinks back to the story that was told within these walls. The crash landing and the first walls. The famines and the feasts. The wars won and the people lost. He finishes his first pipe full and decides to light another dose of flake. His blood is draining as he slips in to an overdosed coma of ecstasy and joins his friends in the light.With him, dies the legacy of this grand colony. Perhaps some day another weary traveler will stumble upon its walls and take shelter.  Maybe they will wonder of the epic tale that transpired, looking upon the works that his hands created. Or maybe the dust of the mountain will consume this town and its insignificant story. After all, in the end, we're all just dust in the wind.I love this game and highly reccomend it to anyone that enjoys games like Banished, Prison Architect and Don't Starve. Don't play to win, play to live. Enjoy the stories as they happen. 10/10"
76561198349133802,Recommended,294100,34098328,Posted: 8 August,all,HammerheadCow,"Okay, I have played this game for 1,159 hours since Dec 2, 2016, really great and enjoyable game. I do not regret spending this long on a game, because it is to much fun! This is one of the games where none of the playthroughs is the same everytime. You always get a new game, with new events, and new triumphs. You can lose in many different ways, and most of the time, you don't even get mad.I had a 12 man colony running around, prevailing from the darkness, when a mechanoid raid came. I got 10 of my people together to fight off a centipede and scyther, to no avail. Every single one of those colonists fell down dead or near dead. I went to my last resort, the ten year old, harmless little girl. She picked up a rifle and started blasting holes through them, with all of the mechanoid bullets missing her. Then it all stopped, the gunfire and screaming has ceased. The girl has fought off a small, deadly metal soldier, and a giant metal machine, 4x the size of a bear with an energy minigun, when another 40 something colonist sat inside and drank tea, because ""they don't condone violence"".I had a bustling colony of about 7 people, when it happened, the research to finish the ship has been completed. I got all of my resources together to build this giant hunk of metal, that will finally get us off of this nightmarish planet. One by one the pods were made, each going to accomadate a colonist soon, when a massive pirate raid came. It was nothing like I've ever seen! They were here to give us a farewell party, uninvited. I had one pod left to build, and that's all that was needed to get us off of the rock. Luckily, I had set up a steel barrier around the ship for this sort of thing. My builder got to cracking while my other colonists were cracking the raiders. A few of my colonists fell, none of them dead yet when it was finished, the last pod. I made all of my colonists pick up the fallen ones and carry them to their respective pods, leaving the door open for speed. That is when I saw it, a raider with a doomsday launcher that slipped through the door, aiming at us, the ship, our salvation. They all blasted off of the rock, just in the knick of time, a tick before he shot the rocket. Nobody knows where the colonists went, maybe a fancy glitterworld, or a awful urbworld.Moral of the story... This game rocks"
76561198028032603,Recommended,294100,24787445,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Victim of Your Love,"Our only doctor, aptly named Doctor, got a bad case of the Mondays and decided to take a walk while the colony's leader suffered from an extremely infected neck wound he had recieved defending the colony. Our leader struggled bravely but without medical care he died a painful labored death. Farter, our brave leader's dog, took this loss especially hard and lacked an emotional coping strategy.He tore out our cook Herman's throat out as he was preparing his famous boomalope casserole. Sprinkles, the custodian,  was the next to go. The dog found our one armed janitor enjoying a beer in the common room. Sprinkles defended himself admirably but all was in vain as there is no viable defense against a grief stricken canine. Farter ripped off Sprinkles' remaining arm and dutifully trudged outside. He found Doctor strolling amongst the palm fronds, feeling sorry for himself and presumeably writing weepy poetry about his trials and sorrows. Doctor pleaded his case to Farter. How could this dog not understand that the living room had been too dirty? THREE DIRT PILES IN THE LIVING ROOM!? How can he save lives if there are THREE DIRT PILES IN THE LIVING ROOM? What kind of kiddy pool operation would make a PROFESSIONAL work under conditions like that? Is it any wonder he had to get out of there and take a power jog? Surely, our great and brave leader would have understood, right? THREE DIRT PILES!Death did not come quickly for Dr. Doctor. The bite had crushed his spine and only after two hard days did he finally succumb to the elements and starvation.  As for Farter, his job was over. It was time to rest. His victories had come at too great a cost and the defensive wounds he had taken each battle were taking their toll. Farter limped his way back into the colony base, past Herman still bleeding out amongst his boomalope meat, over Sprinkles' now armless body, by his master's gangrenous corpse, through the three dirt piles and into the freezer. Farter laid down.His frozen body was the last they found, behind a crate of strawberries.Good boy, Farter. Good boy."
76561198018470069,Recommended,294100,25192742,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Random Reference,"I had created a successful community that in it had two particular people. One was named Pidoux who was an amazing hunter and miner who happened to be gay. The other one was Jacob, a social person and doctor. Pidoux loved Jacob but Jacob was not interested.Everytime he passed by Jacob his heart would fluster, he would continue to confess his feelings only to be rejected.One faithful day, our settlement was attacked by a maddened elephant which tore Jacob's foot off. He was quickly operated on by one of our surgeons, but prayed before he was operated on. One operation later, Jacob was the owner of a peg leg. Everyone was asleep when he woke up, so he walked over to a comfy chair and meditated.Days after, we had decided to create a hosptial bed thanks to new research. Jacob was estatic to have such a great piece of equipment, but we had no steel.Pidoux, blinded by love, ran to a mountain and begun mining to find the precious resource. During the pouring rain, Pidoux hacked away, determined to impress his love. Suddently, rocks collapsed.Pidoux's body was not recovered, Jacob is staring at a completed empty hospital bed.What is this game"
,Recommended,294100,25354941,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BlueDagger,"Oh god... this... this game is an addiction. It has consumed every free hour. Hell, I even snuck away to play it for an hour at work on lunch. I've stayed up till 4am playing it three times in the last two weeks... I'm 34, I can't do that **** anymore.No regrets, the game is amazing. Ludeon, keep developing this and make it better and better. That said, I have to step away from it for the sake of my free time.EDIT: Though no one will see it, or cares, I felt the need to update this for the Wanderlust update. The game was addictive before, but this update cranks the addition up to 17. With the ability to expand to multiple settlements the game is just downright amazing."
76561198112230871,Recommended,294100,32144333,Posted: 2 June,all,ghona76,"- Ripley and Ratboy fell in love when Ratboy tried to invade and Ripley shot him and then nursed him back to health while convincing him to join them.- Ripley and Ratboy were both shot and confined to the infirmary when Ratboys people launch another attack.- Laying in beds next to each other,unsure if they will survive at all,  Ripley and Ratboy get engaged.- Ratboy recovers and leaves the infirmary to help fight a fire that is encroaching on the settlement during a toxic fallout.- Ripley dies of an infection.  All alone in the infirmary.14/10 - Would cry again."
,Recommended,294100,25334417,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Angel Sharts,"Takuya wasn't anything special.He spent his days troubled and mostly upset, his outlook on life being rather bleak. The other colonists didn't really get on with Takuya, oftentimes picking on him and mocking his clothes. When not working on his favorite hobby (gardening), he would often be wandering around, taking in nature. He was also fond of the dog - Freud.Takuya struggled with mental health. On one occasion, he simply lost all faith: abandoning his clothes and food and taking to wandering the fields at night. The others didn't really pay it any mind.Takuya decided to start making sculptures after he regained his sanity. Although not of the highest quality, they were admirable. He named them after his fellow colonists, in the hope that he might make them happier about his existence.He managed the gardens for some time, keeping the crops and flowers in best condition. No one was ever without food when Takuya was there.One night, the colony was set upon by brigands. Being chased across the land, a criminal had arrived seeking asylum, with a raiding party at his heels. Takuya propsed to let him in, so they did.Much fighting ensued - many blows were dealt. Much of the base was damaged by fire, and the battle ravaged into the early morning. By breakfast, the field was littered with corpses.Takuya never finished his last, grand statue. The gardens which he once tended so dearly lay neglected; overgrown.In the corner of a fertile field where Takuya used to visit so often stands a quiet, unmarked grave.The grave of the lonely gardener, who never found his place.I never in my wildest dreams thought that a game like this could have such an impact. I often scoffed at survival games, assuming that they could never leave a meaningful impression.I'll never make that mistake again."
,Recommended,294100,31697593,Posted: 12 May,all,Xen,"I have 1600 hours.What do you think I'm gonna say about this game?Reviews are all ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" for a reason.This is one of the few good ones.It's like Minecraft - Sims - and Age of Empires melted in a magical microwave.A slightly twisted magical microwave from the Fallout universe, that opened a portal into the Firefly universe, birthing some kind of Amalgam universe (not the Marvel/DC one - another one).But yeah - a great dev team that is open to mods and supports the modding community (By making it easier to mod things in the game) - more glowing praise... blah blah.I generally only write reviews out of righteous indignation - but this game deserves more attention and praise."
76561197971047167,Recommended,294100,27333152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Silencer,"18:00 - I'll do another couple of minutes and then get something to eat.20:00 - Ok Just need to finish this off and I'll break for a few minutes.22:00 - Right now we're stable I can think about expanding again...00:00 - Did I remember to put defence turrets down?04:00 - Five more minutes08:00 - ""Hi boss, I'm really not feeling to good today, I think I'm coming down with something.  I'll take a day or two so I'm not contageous"".  Right just need to get some more resources in.......This game is deeply addictive.  I've racked up many sleepless nights trying to build the perfect colony and agonising over how best to keep everyone alive.  It's very possible to become attached to your colonists and find yourself reaching for the quick load when you lose one of them to bad luck, bad planning or just your own incompetence.Don't let the early access tag put you off.  The game is in a very solid and playable state and well worth the asking price I think.There are a huge range of mods which can keep the game as deep and varied as you desire but even without mods there are many, many hours of play time here.Pros:Simple to learn, much harder to master.Roguelike gameplay means it's very replayable.Cons:Risk of unemployment cused by non attendance at work."
,Recommended,294100,32358327,Posted: 11 June,all,OliviaClaire,"This is a story about a fifteen year old pirate-turned-colonist named Nick.One day, Nick decided to attack the colony of Rosewood.  It was a fairly new colony, with only two members, one of them an older woman and one of them a male nudist.  It should have been fairly easy.  He chose a poor day to strike, however, becase they had some friendly visiters who retaliated harshly against Nick and left him for dead on their way out of the settlement.  As Nick lay there, dying and alone, the older woman appeared over him.  She saw him, saw how young he was, and took pity.  Surely, he couldn't truly be so evil.  And so, another room was constructed in their tiny home and Nick was taken prisoner.Nick was nursed to health, and for about a month, the woman and the nudist fed him for nothing in return and urged him daily to join their colony.  Nick refused for some time, but eventually, he gave in.  The woman removed his shackles and turned his cell into a shabby bedroom.  It wasn't the best of the best, but Nick couldn't complain.His day were filled with menial labor, some days chopping tree, some days helping the woman build extensions onto their home, and other days gathering up the rice the nudist had planted.  The nudist, he noted, really loved to farm.  Oftentimes, they chatted in his fields.  Nick was happy.One day, a terrible thunderstorm broke out.  Lightning struck around their home and created raging forest fires.  Nick and his new family could do nothing but sit and watch as the fire crept closer and closer.  It was too far, the woman claimed, to do any real damage.  Their wood supply would be damaged, but they would survive.Out in the distance, a beautiful creature appeared.  A rare Thrumbo.  Its horn and fur was very expensively priced.  It would be profitable for them to kill it, but with the current outdoor conditions and the known hostility of the beautiful beast, they decided against it.  Nick watch the beast graze from afar.He noticed that the shimmering blue fur of the Thrumbo was very quickly being taken over by dancing flames.  He and his companions watched in horror as the Thrumbo ran around, spreading flames wherever it went, coming closer and closer to their home at a startling speed.The nudist grabbed a gun.  If the Thrumbo didn't die, their home would go up in flames.  Nick and the woman insisted they accompany him, but he wouldn't let them.  His gun was the only gun they had, it would be suicide for the others to go out there.  And so Nick and the woman watched with bated breath as the nudist, with his junk swinging about and his♥♥♥♥♥glimmering from light rainfall, aproached the beast.A shot rang out.  The Thrumbo let out a chilling shriek.  The battle was short, and Nick couldn't take his eyes away as the nudist fell to the ground.The Thrumbo was thankfully extinguished during the battle, but now it was enraged.  They realized with a shudder that because of their recent renovations, there was a hole in the back of their home that they wouldn't be able to patch before the Thrumbo arrived.  The woman, wanting to protect Nick, ran out with a club to meet the beast.  To Nick's horror, she quickly fell, but he could tell she was only unconscious.  Sneaking around the house, he retrieved her and brought her to her bedroom, locking the door and doing his best to revive her.  The Thrumbo continued to sulk outside.After sitting in the room for hours, Nick heard a cry.  The Thrumbo had fallen from bloodloss.  He unlocked the door and grabbed food for himself and the woman.  Thankfully, he was able to bring her back.  Things would be hard without their gallant nudist, but they would get by.A day passed.  It began to rain heavily.  All of the remaining fire were extinguished.  The woman was back on her feet, and they started to clean up after the wreckage.  A grave was dug for the nudist, but as they searched for his body, the horrifying realization that his body had burned completely to ash was made.As Nick was about to fill the empty grave with dirt, the air started to grow hot.  A heat wave.  He and the woman hurried into the refrigerator.  It was dark and they had to sleep on the floor, but there was plenty of rice for them to make it.Days passed with no change in the weather.  Nick watched as the woman snapped, and started wandering aimlessly around the large space, refusing to respond to what she said.  She came out of this after awhile, but Nick couldn't shake the effect of it.  The events of the previous week were started to hit him, and he had nothing to distract himself except endless amounts of rice.  His mood grew darker and darker.Finally, the day came that the heat wave ended.  The woman emerged from the refrigerator first, and said something cheery to him.  What she said, Nick could not even register, but he snapped.  He pulled out his club and struck her repeatedly, until she was in an unconscious state.  His rage was still not sated.  He went out unto the world and started slaying animals with no true purpose, just to feel in control of his own life.  Finally, he came out of his rage, and collapsed in the rice fields the nudist had sown so lovingly, the fields where he and the nudist had sat and talked endlessly.  He was too weak to continue, and he knew he would die there.  He heard the woman crying for help, and knew she would die there.And that's where I got really sad and closed the game.This game is an incredibly fun and unique experience with every new game.  I've only play about thirteen hours, and it's already worth the thirty dollars I paid.  At the surface, it's a survival management game.  Looking deeper, it's endless stories of survival.Absolutely, positively, I recommend you buy this game."
,Recommended,294100,25629780,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ronin Tetsuro,"You've conquered colony building across the multiverse. You are a master of resource management. You are a trade mogul. A ruthless general.RimWorld doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥. You will fail, and you will reload at 4 am with your sickday alibi already planned.You tried to be clever. You made elaborate plans. You re-rolled colonists until your probability calculations made sense. And then you howled in anger as your fledgling ecosystem is left to be defended by the last man standing, a near-zealtous pacifist. You watch as the raiders free the prisoners and your final coward runs to the stockroom.""Finally"", you sigh ""he's going to pick up a weapon and at least die on his feet.""When the raiders find him, he is calmly eating a simple food ration in the dark. They unceremoniously bonk your last colonist over the head, and drag him silently into the night.And as you are left staring at your motionless, dark tomb of a colony, the rain begins to fall. Your generator batteries catch fire, and your dreams, your plans, your efforts slowly burn to ashes.And in that moment, you have one singular thought burned across your mind; ""This is the best early access game I've ever played."""
,Recommended,294100,25491570,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Boom-shakalaka,"From the very beginning, we had a dog; his name was Jed. Jed was loyal, he followed his daily master, retrieved resources and fiercely protected the survivors. Then came the battle, far larger than any previous ones. Those damned heathen barbarians with their clubs and bows. We shot and shot and shot, yet still they came. Until finally our fortifications were overrun. One of our number was surrounded, with no chance of running. Jed being the brave companion he was, rushed in to rescue the now prone survivor. He was a roaring fury of teeth. But damn them there were so many, and they set upon him with their clubs. We covered him as best we could and finally their spirit broke and they fled, cowards that they were. The man Jed had defended was still alive, barely. Next to him lay Jed. Fierce Jed, whimpering from his wounds, we brought him back to the compound, not the shed with the animals; no, he deserved better. The doctor treated him as best he could, and we went about the necessary tasks of repair an reclaimation. THe next morning, when most of the animals would normally go outside to graze, Jed was not with them. He lay, panting on the bed in the room we had constucted just for him in the night; his spine crushed from the clubs of the horde. He lay there looking up at us with happiness, and sorrow, he licked our hand when we put our hand on his head. Covering our eyes, we left his room and went to the prison cells. The attackers had swarmed in large numbers, so naturally our artillery and machine guns had wounded many, rather than kill. Of the initial 7, 3 had succumbed to their wounds in the night, as we did not have adequate beds for them all. As for the remaining 4, we had a decision to make. They were murderers all, and they had reveled in the blood they had spilled, at least while they were free. Now, as we approaced them, they were less certain when seeing the hard look in our eyes. Winter was approaching fast, and we were in no mood to share what food we had with their ilk. And then there was Jed. Jed who had been with us since our ship had crashed on this forsaken world. Jed who had done more than one could ever ask of any companion, human, animal or otherwise. Jed. Those prisoners did not survive another night. We burned their clothes, if one could call such scraps clothing. The next morning we came to Jed with a special meal. His last meal. In many heathen cultures among the stars, the blood and hearts of one's enemies is thought to give strength to he that consumes them. We supposed that is was a fitting end for the ones who had attacked us and broke our community. We gave Jed his peace that night as he slept, and from his pelt our tailor made a coat of insurpassable craftsmanship. It now has its own stand in our armory among our other great works, a reminder of a warrior, a friend, a good boy. The barbarians now come again, and we are waiting. 10/10 FOR JED!!!"
,Recommended,294100,28412786,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TehGoat,"64 hours.... I played this game for 64 hours in three days and I'm debating starting a new colony again.Send helpEdit: Thank you, everyone, all the support and free mental counseling I've been getting since my cry for help has been great. It made me realize that all I really want from life is to be a muffalo taming colonist, eating pemmican, repelling tribal raids and stomping my wooden foot to the rhythm of my prisoner's heartbeat while I harvest his organs to sell for silver.I'm also looking for a wife to take with me to the lands we're going to settle. Must be fine with being legless from time to time.Edit2: No worries, people, I'm still alive!... I think... Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?"
76561197992454469,Recommended,294100,24761311,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Pequod,"Ran a sweet little colony called 'Haven'. This random brawler joins us called Bowman, turns out he's awesome with a spear so I give him hunting duties. Bowman fearlessly defends the colony on several occasions from tribals and pirates.Anyway for some reason a bunch of beavers show up and start eating all the trees - this is unacceptable because wood is a key resource for me, so I dispatch Bowman to go and deal with them. The situation gets the better of him and unfortunately both his arms are torn off by beavers. I send another colonist out to go and rescue him and he's in a hospital bed just in time to save his life. This is annoying that I've now lost my best melee defender, but whatever I'll just buy some new arms for him and turn him into some sort of cyborg hunting machine.As luck would have it a passing trader just so happens to have a single bionic arm so I snap one up and schedule an operation to install it. My resident doctor (a criminal surgeon) is enjoying a few beers in the community centre and decides to head down to surgery because he's dedicated like that, and besides it's not like there's any laws on this planet against surgically installing bionic implants whilst under the influence.I watch the surgery progress with a bit of blood being splashed around but I have full confidence in my drunk, skill level 6 surgeon. But then things take a turn for a worse and I am notified that, regretably, Bowman has not survived the procedure. Devestated I go and inspect the colonists health panel and discover that my semi-competent, semi-sober surgeon has accidentally surgically removed his heart. I have never in my life laughed so hard whilst playing a computer game.Long story short, in the days preceeding a ton of pirates show up, kill the vast majority of my colonists, enslave the rest and then burn my colony to the ground. That in a nutshell is the story of 'Haven'."
,Recommended,294100,24587220,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kemo,"Welcome to your new home! Good luck not getting killed.RimWorld is a colony-builder/survival simulation game from one man dev team, Ludeon Studios. In RimWorld you're presented with a scenario and using the group of people and resources you get, your aim is to survive on a randomly generated rim world. There are three basic scenarios but the game has its own scenario editor as well as workshop support which helps contribute to the game's huge replay value. Your main goal in the game to research and build a spaceship capable of getting you off what is usually a very dangerous world.One of the key parts of RimWorld's gameplay is its AI Storyteller feature, effectively one of two difficulty levels. Your choice of Storyteller dictates what kind of events you'll see in the game while a second, traditional difficulty level, decides how tough these events will be on your colony. The most common events include the Mad Animal event (an animal will become very aggressive and target your colonists) a Raid event where a local pirate faction will attack you as well as positive events such as Cargo Pod drops or Escape Pod drops. There are also several different environmental events which add a new level of challenge to the game. They range from Solar Flares which temporarily disable all of your colony's electronics to Toxic Fallouts which will cause a Toxic buildup in a colonist (which can be fatal) if they aren't indoors. You also have colonist mental break events which occur when a colonist's mood becomes very low and stays that way for a long period of time. Sometimes a colonist will simply lock themselves in a room but serious mental breaks can lead to going berserk in which case the colonist will become hostile. Your colonists can also randomly get serious diseases such as malaria or the plague as well as common illnesses which are usually caused by combat-inflicted injuries.Depending on your Storyteller and difficulty level these events can be very difficult, and will often be the downfall of your colony. Surprisingly, this isn't at all frustrating, in fact what I enjoy the most about RimWorld is the stories you get from your playthroughs and the most interesting stories come from the death of your colony. In my second attempt at the game, one of four colonists and the pet dog were killed during a pirate raid. The colonist who had developed a bond with the dog became incredibly unhappy and went beserk. He was equipped with a rifle and easily took out the two remaining colonists while the pirates worked on destroying my power supply. When my beserk colonists finally went outside, the pirates turned their attention to the poor sod, they peppered him with bullets and carried him back to their base. With that my colony was destroyed.Generally when I'm utterly destroyed in a game I get frustrated and take a break from it, not RimWorld. Each time I've lost a colony I've restarted instantly and the reason behind this is the replay value the game has. Even if you're playing the same scenario, the colonists you 'choose' (you have no customisation options but you can randomise to get a group of colonists you'd prefer) have a huge impact on how your game turns out and how you manage your colony, even if you build similar structures. Your colonists will have varying skill levels for the different types of work in the game. To some extent these are random but they're also dependent upon the colonist's background (type of childhood and profession) and the character's traits. A doctor or vet will always have a high medical skill level while a torturer or hunter will have a good melee skill level. Traits often have more of an indirect impact on the colonist's ability. A beautiful character will be better in social situations and a psychopath is incapable of social interaction and only cares about things that directly impact them.Colonist traits also influences how characters interact with each other and what consequences those interactions will have. If a character with the beautiful or pretty trait attempts to romance another character it's far more likely that the character will be successful. This might not seem like an important gameplay feature but interaction with other characters is one of the main happiness modifiers. Anything from having a nice chat to making love with another colonist gives a bonus to happiness but getting rejected or being insulted will make the colonist unhappy for quite some time. There are of course plenty of other happiness modifiers. Taking part in social or recreational activities gives large boosts while executing an innocent prisoner or eating human flesh give massive negative modifiers. The severity of the modifier dictates the length of the modifier. Having a rough night's sleep on lasts until the next night while getting rejected can last for an in-game week. There is some balancing that needs to be done for some of the modifiers, the modifier for getting rejected is particularly lengthy.Being a colony survival sim, building is obviously a very important part of the game. If you're familiar with Prison Architect then the building mechanics will be fairly easy to grasp. You'll be designing and ordering your colonists to build different structures as well as furniture for your colonists to use and enjoy as well as production items such as butcher tables, cooking tables and research benches. You'll also have zones at your disposal to help run your colony. You can set up stockpile zones (and choose what's stored in any given stockpile) for storing resources, growing zones to grow food and other useful crops such as a plants for herbal medicine and cotton to use in the production of clothes. One of the things that RimWorld is missing compared to similar games such as Gnomoria is RimWorld doesn't have Z Levels, I.e. the ability to build up or down, you're stuck on the ground floor. This isn't a huge issue as the maps are very large (depending on what size you pick) but it's still worth mentioning. Tynan Sylvester hasn't ruled out Z Levels being added in the future but it requires a lot of work and so if we do see it in RimWorld it’s a long way off.VerdictRimWorld is not only an excellent, highly entertaining colony sim, it's also one of the most polished and content rich Early Access games I've had the pleasure of playing. It may seem like its priced a little high but RimWorld is absolutely worth every penny.Lone Ranger Reviews.El K."
,Recommended,294100,24404505,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Geo the Tank,"At the start of my game, I picked up a wanderer named Big. The man was a huge slab of muscle, and looked like the man who could get stuff done. Except... he couldn't. The poor guy was too clumsy for his own good, except when it came to his hands and his eyes. All he could do was be a warden, handle animals, hunt, and make art.When I first saw him I was horrified at how useless he seemed. I built a small shack into the mountain with a small carving bench for him to spend the rest of his days just to be rid of him. However, Jude saw something I didn't. She saw a man with a heart of gold, even if he wasn't the best or the brightest bulb of the bunch. They started hanging out, and eventually Big, or Jude (not entirely sure which) popped the question. Jude was my main gal, I had given her the best of the best, and she earned it. She did everything in the long hours of the night while everyone else slept, and only took her rest as everyone else woke up. But she seemed to do all their work by herself.Tragedy struck, raids happened, and soon enough there were just 4 people out of 8, in the dead of winter, forced to cannibalize those who fell in raids. However, even after being infected with Sensory Mechanites, forced to endure excruciating pain, and watch her friends die, Jude didn't break. She appreciated those nights with Big and the art he had made. The others did too, seeing hope in the art carved into grains of wood.Winter ended, things were looking good, until a raid blindsided them while Big was on a hunt (even though he wasn't able to lift the kill, his aim was great enough that he was the safest hunter). Big went down, but he was a fighter and held on. He watched as his friends, NO, his family held off the raiders with the help of turrets Jude had made. 1, 2 went down. The third decided to cut their losses and ran home, but not without grabbing Big first. The others fought to save him, but none could quite match his skill with a gun.The raiders called for a trade, silver for him. Sadly, they had just used the last of their silver to finish sterilizing the hospital floor. With heavy hearts, they were forced to decline the trade. Not even a day later, they got the news. Big died of infection from his injuries, not quite able to hold on as they scraped together every scrap of silver they could to try and save him.This was the tale of the witling watcher. (He usually carved in the prisoner room, and watched the prisoners while doing so.And thats the tale of how I save scummed for the first time ever for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pawn.EDIT:  Tacking this on since this kinda exploded. I never played pre-steam release, and went in blind. My best advice for new players is to do Casandra Rough with Permadeath. Your people WILL die, but this way you can figure out how to start instead of trying to fight an uphill battle. For those who are confused by the UI and how to use it, just experiment, try just double clicking stuff or just randomly hitting buttons, its much better to laugh at your own failure than to follow an online guide."
,Recommended,294100,24817864,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ant1matt3r,"Got a colony going after countless failures and got a bit lucky. Things are going good. Figured out how to prioritize, and they're working like a well-oiled machine together. Start to spruce up the place; colonists are not neutral, they are happy! They're liking their lives under my direction.A raid comes to assault my base - I send my best shooters out and they dispatch the offenders. I capture them, and lock them in prison. Start convincing them to join the cause.One converts. This is amazing. One left to go, a loner. Doesn't seem very receptive to the idea of joining us.A new love blossoms! While one gal keeps rejecting a fellow colonists' advances, one of my doctors successfully woos my lead surgeon. They are married in front of the pond, and they party and drink the night away.Prisoner still isn't taking to our recruitment pleas. Probably upset because the power has gone out, and I didn't priortize my colonists' job list to haul wood to the generator.Escape! Try to sweeten the pot for my prisoner by adding some sandstone tile. Fancy! As I'm building, my colonist is overpowered and the prisoner runs out the door. In an attempt to escape, he begins assaulting my surgeon, and phenomenal chef. Her husband takes him out and puts him back in his cell.Things are going well, and I've built up a stockpile. Everybody is wearing cowboy hats and dusters, they look like cowfolk.Poison ship lands near my base. What's a poison ship? It kills everything? I can't deconstruct it, and I can't shoot it. Hmm. Build a wall around it. Looks like the pollution is subsiding. Things are good.Fire! A lightning storm lights a blaze outside my home area. Oh well, it's so far away. Oh no, we have a serious problem! Half of the map is ablaze. Expand home area in a desperate effort to put it out. It is futile. My former prisoner-turned-colonist is surrounded by fire. I desperately order my colonists to extinguish the blaze near her.Rain! Oh, refreshing, fire-snuffing rain! Fire's out, but my colonist is hurt. Bad.  My surgeon takes her to the hospital, and tends to her wounds. 3 days later, she's still incapacitated. Check medical tab. Right leg ... BURNT OFF?!?My surgeon attempts to attach a peg leg. First operation is a complete failure. She's bleeding out! Tend to her wounds, and try again. Success! She's up and working again.My colonist finally succeeds in wooing another, and now I have two couples in my colony. Does this mean children?Dig out underground storage. It's nice and roomy. Install air conditioners, set for grain storage. It fills up fast. My farms are doing very well.Traders arrive. Trade a bunch of rice for some animals. Get another dog ... they mate! Yay, puppies on the way!Bugs form a nest inside. My surgeon falls in defense of her colony. Her husband puts her in the medical bed, and tends to her wounds.They are too great. She succombs. The entire colony is affected, with her husband taking it the hardest. He has a mental breakdown, strips naked, and wanders. The other colonists leave him be. Nobody is happy anymore.I am not happy anymore.Rest in peace, Myrna.10/10, would be depressed again."
76561197993777365,Recommended,294100,24676258,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Gaston Beton,"The older I get, the less I like violent games. Instead, I find myself drawn to games I used to scoff at as a youngster: Simulations and city-builders.I have no explanation, honestly. One'd think that I'd be in love with shooters since adulthood has introduced me to whole new levels of disappointment and frustration, but, somehow... it has also been very pleasant. Maybe that's why I like to build and micro-manage. I don't know, man.What I do know: I like ""RimWorld"" a lot. It is a base-building game that is best described as an accessible ""Dwarf Fortress"". You guide a bunch of characters (e.g. space-farers who have crashed on an alien planet or a tribe already living there) and help them survive by building a base and managing food and energy sources. You have to trade with other settlements and spaceships that occasionally enter your orbit. You have to make sure your guys and girls are happy and productive, but you'll also have to fend off pirate raids - ""RimWorld"" is quite fierce if played on the higher difficulties. There's a lot of fighting, if you want it. For those of us who just want to relax and build - you can do so by choosing one of the lower difficulties. The game offers three different AIs that control the ""events"" which occasionally hassle your settlement (like raids, solar eclipses, meteorogical catastrophes etc.). Some of them are REALLY dangerous and can wipe out your base, if they catch you unprepared. Toxic Fallout, I'm looking at you. The AIs differ in their predictability and the severity of the events they choose to unleash.""RimWorld"" is quite complex, but perfectly accessible for anybody in my opinion. You don't have to be a simulation buff to play it. Then, again, if you are a buff, you might find ""RimWorld"" a bit underwhelming compared to ""Dwarf Fortress"", since it lacks Z-Levels (underground layers you can dig to and build on) and its multitude of creatures. After approx. 20 hours with ""RimWorld"", I find myself gravitating back towards ""Dwarf Fortress"" which I find beefier. However, ""RimWorld"" is by no means a bad game and I keep coming back to it. The developers have been updating it regularly and I hope they'll be adding some unexpected stuff soon. I propose magic flutes that let you guile tribesfolk into lethal traps."
76561197978591141,Recommended,294100,25652342,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,BIG RON,"My Story....My top dog Rick, 14 shooting skill, 15 construction and a bunch of other high skills was the king of my colony, he built the entire place from nothing to the fortress it is today, every raid, he was at the forefront of battle destroying people with his sniper rifle, he was the rock everyone relied on.Then one day something terrible occurred...We had just decided to take in a new survivor who was being chased by 4 pirates, it was a tough fight but we won, Rick was the only one unharmed, as he was fixing up his fallen comrades we were struck by another raid so I had no choice but to take them on alone (there were 6 of them)Rick was hunkered down behind a wall just in-front of our compound, taking shots but nothing he can't handle. One of the other colonists was able to walk at this point so I got him to join the fight.In the heat of battle I forgot to check what weapon this guy was wielding, HUGE MISTAKE, he stood just behind rick as the remaining 3 raiders closed in, he then proceeded to throw a frag grenade which took 2 of the raiders out but also completely mangled Rick to pieces.I had to run back to the armory and grab a rifle while the remaining raider was smashing Ricks brains in, I came back and finished him off.Anyways Rick is now brain damaged, has no ears, no nose and only one leg.He has gone from being the Rock of my colony, the destroyer of raiders and the guy everyone turns to in times of need to now only just being able to manage the cleaning role.I thought about ending his life but I couldn't do it, it saddens me every-time I load the game up to see the strongest and most reliable member of my colony resorted to cleaning up dirt and needing to sleep more than half the day.I just hope and pray one day I can get him back to normal...."
,Recommended,294100,28636439,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MaxxtoN,"My first experience with RimWorld!First hour of playDecided to start off by enabling permadeath mode, since I want my ♥♥♥♥-ups to actually punish me. Get 3 decent colonists, find a nice location, everything fine so far!2nd hourGot a very primitive base set up, survived the first raid consisting of one drugged-up raider with a shoddy club. She was easily dispatched of. A 4th colonist named Donovan arrives, his skill in growing enables me to grow Healroot. This is looking better and better!3rd hourA stockpile for food with proper refridgeration is set up, several workshops created, built a spacious rec-room with a chess and a billiards table and several plantpots, refurnished the bedrooms in order to increase their size due to complaints from colonists. First harvest of corn and potato is harvested and stockpiled, the colony can now survive the winter season. At this point and time I confident, my base defenses have been fortified and food is plentiful. Even managed to build a specific section for medical needs. As I am caught up in my planning for further expansion, I fail to notice a rogue boomrat that aparently snuck into my rec-room. This ♥♥♥♥ing rat is quite hungry aparently, as it collapses on the floor. Seconds later it dies in a decent-sized explosion that sends fire all across the room. Which wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't for the fact that my entire base is built out of wood. Panic spreads in the colony, only two colonists are able to fight fire and one of them quickly dies due to the house burning too fiercly. The other one retreats outside. The death of the first colonist, Collins, sends his trusty labrador into a rage-fit and the mongrel decides to attack my sleeping colonists. It shreds the throat of two colonists before it makes it's way outside, shame that those two were the only ones armed with guns. My last colonist manages to vanquish the foe before passing out due to her wounds.4th hourMy last colonist is unconscious outside of the base, which now looks like a reinactment of a scene straight out of Dante's Inferno. A lonely raider decides to pop by, destroys the solar panels for some reason before he decides to kidnap my wounded colonist. He picks her up and runs away with her. And so ends the tale of New Haven, a mighty encampment defeated by a single hungry boomrat. I don't know if I should laugh or cry so I grab a beer and decide to create a new colony.TLDR: Don't let hungry boomrats into your base which is built out of wood, it will end in fiery doom and hilarity!100/10."
76561197986902042,Recommended,294100,29692701,Posted: 4 February,all,Stormo,"The Short of It: Don’t let the Early Access tag put you off. RimWorld is as good as finished, but still expanding, and it's an engrossing and captivating colony sim, a labour of love that offers hours upon hours of playtime and is a must-buy for people who enjoy building a community from the ground up and watching it thrive in the face of adversity… or wither and die because of a few poor decisions.The Long of It: RimWorld puts the player in charge of a few crash-landed settlers, stranded on an unknown world after their ship crashed, because of course it did. After the player makes sure the colonists’ immediate needs are met, such as food and shelter, the real work commences, and in order for the colony to survive, it will have to evolve, expand and research, as well as trade with neighbouring settlements for the resources it desperately needs, or desperately defend against them.What sets RimWorld apart from other colony sims is its colonist system. Colonists are all unique, and the player will have to make sure to keep an eye on what they’re good at, what they like and don’t like, and which colonists need to be around – or avoid – each other. Occasionally, enemy factions will attempt to raid your settlement, and you will need to keep evolving in order to withstand their ever strengthening attacks.Meanwhile, your colonists will be busy crafting items, constructing buildings, tending to the animals, hewing stone, researching new technologies, sowing the fields, hauling lumber, and countless other tasks, which they execute more or less automatically according to the priorities you give them. A player who sets his priorities carefully, can take up a monitoring function as the colonists take care of everything that needs doing, if (s)he decides to.The Right of It: RimWorld has many very strong features, and one of them is the personalities it gives to your colonists. They are semi-randomly generated, with a diversity of looks, skills and traits, making them all unique and possessing an actual personality, and they develop social relations with other colonists, sometimes good, sometimes bad, and these social relations can lead everywhere from joining another colonist in marriage to starting a fistfight at someone else’s marriage. Keeping them all happy is involving without ever becoming a chore, and you just can’t help but care about every single one.RimWorld’s gameplay is very solid, and the priorities and areas function lets you automate work, but still gives you a lot of control, eliminating the tedious parts of managing a colony but keeping the interesting ones. You can manually command colonists whenever you want, or even take full control of them when you need to give them detailed orders, for instance when they need to defend against a raid. Even better, while RimWorld is by itself already very polished, the game is fully modular, with an active modding scene which constantly delivers all kinds of content, ranging from small quality-of-life tweaks to big content-adding mod packs.Another nice touch is that instead of simply choosing from a shortlist of cookie-cutter difficulty levels like “Easy, Medium, Hard”, RimWorld also offers you several narrators to choose from, who don’t really make the game harder or easier, but different. And yes, the narrators too, can be altered or expanded upon by mods.Tynan Sylvestre and Ludeon Studios regularly update the game, often incorporating mods or acknowledging their ideas and including them in the base game, and so far, it seems like the influx of content, both official and from the modding community, is showing no signs of stopping anytime soon.The Wrong of It: There is really very, very little that is wrong with RimWorld, but the one thing that I did notice was that in the late game, you’re often forced to remain mostly static as you wait for opportunities to get a hold of some of the resources you can’t grow or craft yourself, like plasteel and uranium, and that’s a bit of a shame. But honestly, even static time in RimWorld is enjoyable.The Last of It: RimWorld is well-deserving of all the gushing reviews. It’s one of those rare jewels: an indie game crafted by a developer who kept going strong and never lost interest in the project, made with pure love for the craft. It really is one of those games you sit down to play ‘just for a half hour’ and before you realize it, it’s three in the morning, your tea is cold and payment of your taxes is four weeks overdue."
76561198013910419,Recommended,294100,30352262,Posted: 6 March,all,theonlyarman,"Day 1 - Crashlanded on strange alien planet. Low expectations, tons of joy - this is looking up!Day 4 - We have individual bedrooms finally. Apparently crashlanding on an alien planet isn't enough of a reason to get over your disdain for shared bedrooms, Charolette.Day 12 - A wild boar went crazy and started hunting all humans, and chased away some raiding tribespeople. Thanks, crazy boar.Day 13 - Crazy boar ate Charolette.Day 24 - Traders stopped by, I bought all their food. Should probably figure out how to grow my own.Day 36 - Potatoes planted! Let's make this colony a town!Day 38 - We've struck compacted machinery! THAT MEANS SOLAR PANELS WHOOOOOOTTTTTDay 42 - Dave is much more chill thanks to the air conditioning.Day 56 - Dave is too chill, thanks to smokeleaf. Seriously, Dave, go sow the edible* crops this time.Day 62 - A neighboring faction stopped by with a few items to trade. Instead of buying their wares, I took them all hostage. Let's see where this goes.Day 73 - BAD IDEA, NEIGHBORING FACTION HAS A LOT OF GUNS. PROMPTLY RETURNING HOSTAGES.Day 74 - Holy crap they have a lot of people who know how to use those guns.Day 75 - Packing up a caravan and fleeing this continent with what pemmican we have.Day 78 - Wandering on strange alien planet. Low expectations, tons of joy - this is looking up!11/10 - One of the best games I have ever played in my entire life. 66 hours in, I'm hooked. Astoundingly deep."
76561198194316846,Recommended,294100,31475290,Posted: 30 April,all,Vatican Ball Ze Fifth,"-Starts game with a tribe of 5 people-Sets base to be in middle of a desert-Mass logging causes trees to go existinct-Due to wood shortage only 2 beds are made-Both become medical to help save 2 tribesman attacked by bloodthirsty beasts-Man hunter pack arrives, no doors-Beats eveyone half to death-1 unhurt tribesman tends to all 4-1 heals himself-Another one dies on the floor-Stranger arrives and joins-2 raids occur afterwords no one is hurt-Heat wave starts-Everyone is healed-They run outside and gather resources-Minutes later they all collapse from heat stroke-Plenty of beds so one gets up and lays everyone down-Falls dead to heatstroke-Other 4 slowly die in extreme pain-2 die in the morning-1 dies of starvation-Last man gets up to see his tribemembers all dead in their beds beside him.-Buries their bodies-Mourns-Angry iguanna attack-Iguanna beats last man senseless-He doesnt even try to fight back-Begins to bleed out-Heatstroke ends-He lays down bleeding for a little bit-I assume all hope is lost-He gets up and stumbles towards our shelter-Iguanna senses him moving, runs at the speed of light-Bloodies the man once agin-I assume for sure we are doomed-NOT he gets up again with so little health-Iguanna kicks his butt again-Suprisingly he gets up once more-Runs inside our food storage-Stuffs himself while bleeding-Then stumbles into his bed-He stays there for 6 hours-Then dies just like his tribe did-His dog died in the food storage-That is what he ate-The walls are covered in bloodThis game is sorta dark10/10"
,Recommended,294100,30573458,Posted: 17 March,all,King Cywing,"Day 1 - Wick, Adam, & Amber are flung onto the unknown grasslands of a strange planet. Adam & Amber, being lovers, clutch on to one another for safety. Immediately all three, under the influence of a cursor, carve their way into a mountain that has only one entry point and make some beds from the poplar trees they found nearby. A stale survival meal gives them nourishment for the night.Day 3 - The food supply cannot sustain with the eight survival meals remaining. Adam becomes the farmer for the group and begins planting potatoes, wheat, and rice. Amber begins hunting nearby game and making a freezer for the meat. Wick is still digging into the mountain. Wick is found to be the rival of Adam. No wonder he looks at him with disdain!Day 7 - A week has passed. Wick has recovered steel, components, and other materials from mining. He begins researching a new form of crafting for the group. It seems like Wick is doing all of the work. Adam and Amber are happy that they are still together. A caravan from another group comes by. They exchange an assault rifle for some of the group's rice and potatoes. Wait, was that all of the food? Wick is furious.Day 12 - Amber has killed nearly every animal (or things that even move) in the area. The freezer is full of meat and potatoes now. There are enough meals to last the group through the winter for sure. The group decides to name the town ""Myro"". They also decide to call their group ""The Black Sun Empire"". Pretty lofty for three space dweebs, but it has a nice ring to it. Defences are made. A vistor, Sheckly, decides to stay with the group. He takes the place of Wick. Wick is now in charge of defences (and planting flowers).Day 26 - The settlement has grown into a small village. Pigs and boars have been tamed. A Llama wanted to stay in Myro. An entire farmhouse/pigpen has been created for the new domesticated animals. Life is well in Myro. Everyone smokes Smokeleaf and is at ease. When raids come, the settlers close the main gate and send out the three guards, with Wick at the helm of the town's defence. The town has an election. Adam is chosen as the leader, as most people connect with him since he is a farmer and populist candidate. Wick becomes jealous.Day 31 - It is a quiet day in Myro. The total population of the town is now 19 citizens. The farmers are out in the fields harvesting and planting. The tailors and smiths are crafting away. The lone artist, Zeko, is sculpting another wacky statue. However, Wick and Adam get into an argument outside of the gates. Adam lands a punch on Wick, but Wick draws his pistol and puts a bullet straight through his head. The town guard come out and see Adam's head blown open with Wick standing over him. They do not arrest Wick. He buries Adam in a shallow grave outside of town. Everyone asks where Adam has gone when he isn't back in town by nightfall. Wick says he has no idea, but that he knew Adam was becoming very stressed by leading the entire town. The citizens want to wait a few days before they have another election. Amber knows what really happened, but is too afraid of Wick to say anything.Day 38 - A week has passed since Adam went missing. The town decides to move forward with the election. Wick is the new leader of the town. He immediately has Amber framed for the murder of Adam, since she thought he was seeing another woman. Probably Elise, the nurse who always takes care of his wounds. Wick throws her into the town's jail, which is located out of town for some reason. There is to be a trial, but no one comes in defence of Amber. The town needed a scapegoat, and Wick knew just who it should be.Day 43 - Amber has been found guilty. She is to be executed. Wick is waiting in the center of town with the rest of the citizens while Amber is dragged by the guards. Wick proclaims that Amber needs to confess her crimes, but all she does is spit on his face. Wick smiles, wipes it off, and pulls out his pistol. Wick looks Amber in the eyes and pulls the trigger. Now the true era of The Black Sun Empire has begun..._____________________________________________________________Overall, this game is one of the best I have played in a long time. If you use your imagination a little, rich stories can be crafted during every play-through. The mechanics are fairly simple and the characters are amazing. This is my first review, so...FINAL VERDICT: 9.5/10The devs are working very hard to bring more content to the game. Hopefully it will be enough to better the score I give it! :)"
76561198058510243,Recommended,294100,26641103,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ivaka,"I live in a 3rd world country so i gotta be careful how i spend the little money i have.For that reason i only play free games. The only bought game i have is cs:go.But this game i bought.That says a lot.Don't mind the hours i've played, i hit up the game on daily basis at work with no steam on.Love all the ways you can fail in this game, can't believe i'd ever enjoy failing in a game more than winning it.For me it's easily 10/10, i personally predict that upon release it should be bigger than Stardew Valley and compete with it for indie game top. All the mods potential and generally the potential of the game is big."
,Recommended,294100,29429048,Posted: 22 January,all,TheIlluminati,"Started a colony with the rich explorer preset, 1 colonist vs the world with a smattering of high-tech goodies.Named him after myselfWeeks pass, build up a nice little base, a few stragglers come along and join upPretty sweet setupGet my main guy trained up in medicine, he's the bee's knees.Then the fire nation attackedRaiders kill 2 of my colonists, riddle my main sim up pretty good, he survives though.About 5 raiders alive after fight, in critical conditionDecide to set up a prison/surgery wing to my home.Fix up the prisoners. Problem is I've stripped them of all clothes and weapons and they're restless.Colony expands to 6 settlers.Prisoners unhappy that I've been harvesting lungs and kidneys here and there for a few weeks.Prisoners started to riot.I cut their legs off so they can't move.Time passes, I now have 8 legless sacks of organs squirming in a locked off sector of my house.My main sim becomes addicted to 'yayo' aka: space crack.Goes on a psychotic break, kills the cookGets arm shot off by other doctor.Recovers but keeps flipping out.Can't bring myself to kill him.Imprison him and cut his legs off.The circle is now complete.10/10 game"
76561198124825196,Recommended,294100,34786810,Posted: 6 September,all,LaffeeTaffee,"Colonists: Dexter, Livia, and Jigsaw. All murdering psychopaths.Jigsaw lost his left ear in a gunfight. Livia researched for days on bionic prosthetics. Finally they made a bionic ear implant for him. They scheduled him for surgery, and Dexter performed the surgery on him. Jigsaw died during surgery. Cause of death: his head was cut off.Why did I expect anything different."
76561198177756030,Recommended,294100,24905273,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Tayausd,"So after quite a bit of playing I finally won a play through and I feel good about myself. It all started with three colonists. a builder, a hunter, and a farmer. Thanks to rng they had a beautiful valley surrounded by mountains. they set up a very easily defendable choke point at the opening of the valley and it goes from there. more people show up along the way and this colony thrives. with little threat from raiders and limited spots for bugs to spawn they grow and grow. Then the diseases hit. progress completely halts for days at a time as everyone becomes a doctor in order to survive. Eventually everyone save the janitor has 7+ skill in medicine.Once the plagues let up the colony gets going again. the hunter eventually becomes more robot than man often singlehandly taking out raiding parties with trusty sniper. The colony starts enjoying their riches and builds and builds and builds until 21 people are swimming in silver and carpet. Not even the robots can touch them.Finally the colony is at a point where shipbuilding is a very real option and start the ground work. getting 21 people into space isn’t exactly easy on the steel bank. Eventually people start dying. First to go die to a massive raiding party of over fifty pirates. Just their luck to have two separate factions attack at the same time. The next two were caught outside when a pack of man eating boars ran between them and the valley. our friend the hunter was also with them, but he survived his injuries with only requiring a new eye to match his other bionic one.After that came the bugs. They had grown in a new spot this time, one where they werent easily removed. Our brave hunter shot a hive full of fire and ran to wait out the aftermath. The fire spread, it spreaded too far! It felt like it was everywhere and it took the efforts of everyone just to limit the damage. People were fighting both fire and bugs as well they could trying to protect the nearby hospital and medicine stash. One by one colonists fell, only to be pulled out of the fire and rushed to the medical beds they were trying to protect. Our humble builder ran through the fire trying to save his friend only to be attacked by one last vengeful bug. Their dual shall be talked about for ages. Punch after punch, blow after blow they fought until the fire surrounded them. With no way out our builder downed the megaspider and grabbed his fellow colonist desperate to make it through the flames. But alas, his wounds proved to much and he collapsed surrounded by fire, his last deeds in vain as they went up in smoke. The heavens themselves cried at his passing, putting out the flames that had claimed three lives that day.Desperate to forge on the remaining colonist realized that if they dismantled their power grid they would have enough materials to finish the ship. working as fast as they can all but two of the cryosleep pods were complete before raiders attacked taking advantage of the now seemingly defenseless colony. seven raiders fell to well placed traps while seven more made it to the no longer functioning turrets. Time was running out and one colonist knew what she had to do. Calling all five of the colony's pet boars and their one turtle she charged into battle unbeknownst to the rest of the tribe and its supervisor. With fire in her heart and steel in her soul our farmer tore into the remaining raiders dropping three of them in short succession with her bare hands. She drove the raiders off buying the builders plenty of time to finish the ship. Ignoring her wounds she climbed into her pod saying goodbye to the brave boars and turtle that gave their lives that day. With nothing left in the valley but the two remaining boars and enough food to last them till they die of old age the ship took off never to be seen again. 10/10 would ride a herd of boar into battle again."
76561198152736902,Recommended,294100,30809099,Posted: 29 March,all,vyshakh.pillai,"I generally do not Leave reviews for a game. Least of all for one in Early Access.First and biggest issue and perhaps the only gripe that I have with this game is the instability of your saves between builds.PRO TIP: If you are planning to have a modded playthrough(and you should ; totally revamps the gameplay) make a vanilla Save prior to adding any modsNow for the actual review of this game.I have spent a total of 128 hours in this game. making it my 4th most played game ever and that time is split between two playthroughs (the first one I had to end because of the aformentioned reason).I generally do not admit to save-scumming,  but in this game, I did so shamelessly. Not because I was afraid of losing valuable members of my Tribe, but because I couldn't bear to continue without them. Spend enough time in this game and their patterns become yours. The ""One more Day"" rule applies here way more than your would first believe and soon  enough, the Sun in rising and even the Real World clock that you can enable in the HUD does little to nothing to stop this complusion to continue.Now for the reason to Buy:This game is Hard and random and gets harder and randommer the more you play. every decision you make creates a snowball and before you know it you have created this monster of a settlement cleared out one small tile at a time.Reason Not to buy:The level of involvement you get out of the game is based on the amount of time you invest in it. Seeing as the game is in early access, any update to the core Build or any mods that you might add could end up wasting hours of progress. Making that save unplayable (as in the save will not load). I went 3 months without playing pricesely for this very reason.Final note.Make sure you are willing to live with the decisions that you make in this game. The Following is the Story that unfolded in my Tribe that led me to get to the end game.I was happy to keep on playing the game with no real end, even though I had my spaceship built. But my hand was forced.I had 3 married couples in my tribe. One guy( I had named him The Miner as he was good at mining) started an affair with another female in the tribe ( causing destress to him and his wife and the female he was having an affair with). A few days past and the Miner's Wife started an affair with another Male member for the tribe. A few Bedroom Re-assignement later> The wife and husband are sleeping in different rooms with their lovers.But the writing is on the wall. This can't continue and soon enough the relationships will keep on getting too complicated to the point where it would be just utter chaos.So I load everyone except the Miner's Mistress into the pods and then right before lift off, I extract the guy Who was having the affair with The Miner's wife. I Didn't want for all of this effort to go to waste and thought it would be a good ending in paper atleast.The last two members of the tribe, deciding to stay behind, with bountiful food and farmland and animals to take care off.I though I would Imagine them living in this Rimworld, Providing sanctuary to those that need it most.Only the game does not end with the launch.The credits roll begining with list of people who made it out in the ship and who were left behind.The usual thanks and what not continue.The music keeps playing.Then you are taken back to your settlement.The game keeps on going.And you are faced with your decision.The stupidity of mine did not occur until I saw the two go into seperate rooms.In my haste to get my first launch going, I left the two halfs of a Broken marraige that had nothing to do with each other.They had little to no relationship with each other.I check their social and see the name of their respective lover with (Dead) next to their name.The realization dawn on me. For the ones who were left behind, the ones who left might as well be dead.I quit the game. I need a Break from this. Don't even bother saving it.09/10 : Broke my heart into a thousand pieces and I love you with all of them."
76561198147423644,Recommended,294100,24739112,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,cableguy33333,"I have two questions, why is this game early access and is it the best game ever made ?  108 hours and I only installed it a week ago, obviously I've not slept much and had to take 3 days off work. Dont buy this game, it will wreck your life as it has mine.I installed it at the same time as doom and mad max and I've not even looked at those, this game now controls me. I will say the first 5 minutes I almost rage quitted as couldn't make anything do something, I'm glad I made it through those first few minutes although it came at a cost of insomnia.So I normaly play games on a hard level, no reason to be any different here with a cutsie looking game, WRONG, I chose hard setting and permafrost mode, things went well for an hour or so was just building rooms, thinking this is  nice, then a small raid turned up, i killed those got some weapons and I'm thinking I'm great. Then a flash flood, with lightning, nothing bad happening with that or so I thought, the rain stopped but the lightning carried on for a few more seconds enough time to start 3 small fires miles away, I figured I'd leave the fires to do their thing then a couple of days later ( ingame days)  I was surrounded by this wall of fire, my 4 chars are doing their best to stamp out the flames but 4 people with no water dont stand much of a chance and so it turned out, a few minutes lates my whole building is burnt to the ground and my people are dying, I quit, chose an easier setting and kept permafrost mode ( wrong again ) . Had to quit again, I'm now playing on the second to easiest setting with no permadeath and I specialy chose my survivors before starting this time. This game is incredibly fun, but you are only seconds away from dissaster and having everything erased right before your eyes. My advice is save regulary, dont select permafrost, or atleast until you know what you're doing. I'm not sure the 3 storytellers make any difference , they all seem to throw anything at you.This game is hard but very rewarding, you will care about your colonists and even their slightist injury, the enemies are not clue dead either, they will look for cover to shoot from, forcing you to do the same.So is this game better than Rome, my favourite game of all time, hard to say ,been so long since I played rome but if I had Rome installed, I would still be playing rimworld."
76561198028148178,Recommended,294100,29956466,Posted: 15 February,all,aidans,"John was a good man.John built himself a house and settled into his new homeJohn farmed the landJohn felled the treesJohn mined the rockLife was goodThen the tribe came and took his eye, but that didn't stop himJohn captured JaneThey talked and talked and soon Jane joined JohnSure Jane was a paranoid pyromaniac, but they were in loveThen the cold cameJane hated cold but loved JohnJane lit some fires to warm John upJohn was a good man"
,Recommended,294100,24964200,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ashguard,"I made the wise choice (After reading other reviews) to not go with a Permadeath scenario on my first build. In the end, I chose Cassandra Classic and left it set to Base Building. What follow is the thoughts and events through my first ten hours.Day One: Dear god what the hell do I do? Complicated! Agggh! Oh wait...Building stuffs is here. Let's see if I can't make a house over by this mountain?Day Two: Why aren't my guys doing the things I need them to? Oh. There's a thing for priorities. Sweet! Lets see if I can't force them to mine into this mountain so I can have a cave fortress!Day Three: OH GOD NO IT'S TOO EARLY TO BE RAIDED- Oh wait it's just one person. Alright! Big burly shooter bloke, up you go! Time to shine! Oh. You didn't kill her? She's stunned on the floor bleeding to death...We-ell...I suppose I can take her captive and have my Doctor look her over. At the very least, good practise for the future. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ How do I make a prison?Day Four: Captive resting up. Doctor successfully handled all the wounds...Wait a minute...Infection? In her leg and torso? ♥♥♥♥. What do I do? Just let the Doctor handle that I suppose?Day Five: ""Immunity 96% - Torso."" ""Immunity 94% Right Leg""...Does this mean the infection is becomming immune to my medicine?♥♥♥♥♥♥ I better get the Doc to amputate her leg. At the very least, it's more practise...Waaaaaaaait. Immunity is at 100% and infection is going down? I'm a fblooming idiot... Can we reattach the leg? No? Well.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Let's stick a peg leg on her...Uh...Sorry to get off on the wrong foot there...Day Six: Despite shooting her four times, serious infection and a...Less than needed amputation...She's survived. Now, she's laying there captive with a peg leg, probably thinking she's been captured by a bunch of cannibals or something, since she clearly didn't need to have the leg off...I'm going to recruit her. Should be simple right?Day Seven: Prisoner doesn't want to co-operate? I can't imagine why...My hospitality has been impeccable! It'll have to wait, because my land is being ravaged by a pack of...Hyper intelligent beavers? Uh... Okay? I hope the colony likes beaver meat.Day Eight: Figured out how to tame a boar. Beavers are all dead. The prisoner has finally decided to join us...Riiiight as a dry thunderstorm hits and sets half the map ablaze. In the ensuing chaos of frantic firefighting, our newest recruit, Tail,  gets inadvertently set on fire. So she's back in bed again, recovering.Day Nine: Fires are all out. Given everyone a full day of freedom to do with as they please...Aaaand another raid. Lovely. Hang on...Are those -grenades- that caveman is lobbing at me?! There goes my Hunter. Thankfully he scares them off before having to be hauled off to the impromptu medbay.Day Ten: Just as I finish making a bedroom for everyone and a spacious walk in fridge for my food, a trading caravan comes in. Oh! They have a prosthetic leg! I'll take that and replace that awful peg leg on Tail. That'll make up for removing her leg, right? Maybe...And now the caravan members are fighting each other...One killed the other with her fists? Impressive. My hunter couldn't even kill someone with his rifle. Remind me not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off ""The Town In The Cave"" faction. And they didn't even take their fallen brother's weaponry and armour? Excellent! Time to give my Hunter a nice shiny new sniper rifle and armour set!Day Eleven: My poor tamed boar just got attacked by a Grizzly. My hunter attempted to save it...But it perished regardless and the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off bear is rampaging amok! And...Oh. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Tail's just had her arms torn off...Day Twelve: Tail can't do anything anymore. She has no arms and only one leg. Her mental state is dropping rapidly now that she's bedridden. I don't know what to do.Day Thirtreen: The batteries keeping power to my cave area just blew up. They were right beside my hurried Medbay area. The problem with Tail was resolved through fire.Day Fourteen: Buried the mutliated body of Tail. Everyone's mood is down the pan. My hunter has taken to wandering naked and cloud watching all day. My heart is broken. I failed that poor pirate girl. It would have been kinder to just let her die in the wake of her raid.At this point, I called it a night. What I anticipated to be a couple hours game time turned into an entire day. Despite all the feels I have right now, I fully intend to pick it up again tomorrow and start afresh. Now I know how the game works, I pray I can make my colony something worthwhile.If you're on the fence about buying this...Seriously. Do it. The first half an hour is a nightmare to pick up all the mechanics and functions of each and every button...But once you go past that point, it becomes a glorious mess of emotions. I've never felt regret like this over a one legged depressive former pirate in my life.10/10 would maim my potential recruits again."
76561197964831883,Recommended,294100,24451322,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mandamus,"Three colonists crash land in a forest. ""Young"" and ""Walsh"" hit it off immediately and get engaged. ""Hun"" is a hard worker that gets things done.Compound slowly expands over time, including steel buildings completely surrounded by a steel wall. We are invincible.Get a distress call from an old woman running from some angry tribals. We save her and kill/capture the tribals (their bow and arrows are no match for our rifle and pistol). She joins us and becomes our charismatic chef.Get another distress call from a big geologist. Prepare to fight tribals, instead put up against trained soldiers in nano armor and energy weapons. Find out that we are, in fact, not invincible. Hun is killed, Walsh is downed (but rescued by Young), and the old woman disappears without a trace (seriously no idea what happened to her, no corpse or anything).We managed to down one of the soldiers. Young equipped his armor/weapon and killed a second soldier causing them all to flee. Walsh gets better and both he and Young are fully equipped in nano armor with energy weapons. Now we are definitely invincible.Another group of tribals attack. They are pathetic and quickly killed outside the walls by my new energy weapons.Wait, what is this? The energy weapons set the corpses on fire? Wow that fire is spreading quickly...**5 minutes later**The entire compound is lost and half the map burnt down before it finally started to rain. Apparently those weapons run on jet fuel because my steel walls and buildings were no match for that blaze. George W Bush would be proud. RIP trapped prisoners and that group of visitors from the other colony sleeping on my floor.I guess sleeping on the floor in the ruins of the compound was bad for morale and the geologist we saved earlier snaps and starts stabbing Young. We put him down with energy weapons. Thank god there is nothing left to burn.Young eventually snaps too and starts attacking her fiancee. She is downed but survives and is healed up by Walsh (thankfully he is a doctor).Deciding that staying in the compound ruins is probably a bad idea, we move on to find some shelter elsewhere. What's this? Some kind of ancient structure? Well we have nothing to lose so maybe it will make a good temporary shelter.Break through a spot in the wall, get attacked by giant bug robots. Run around the back and draw them out, then swing back around to enter the structure. Hah, stupid robots. There is something on the ground, looks like it does something to animals...maybe it will tame the ones nearby, I could really use the help.Activate device, animals go into a man-killing rage. Every single animal on the map rushes to the structure. Young and Walsh go down in a literal blaze of glory as the swarms of animals attacking them are set on fire by the energy weapons.10/10. Now I understand why the alien races in movies never trust humans with advanced technology."
,Recommended,294100,32223803,Posted: 6 June,all,Maple,"Four points that makes this game wonderful:Amazing replayability. You can expect different outcomes in every new gameplay, even those outcomes may not be pleasant, like being slaughtered by mad muffalos.Capability of modding. There are loads of mods provided in Steam Workshop that you can try, making your gameplay more adventurous. Even you can mod the game by yourself so that all of your colonists won't get mood debuff whenever prisoners being slaughtered or harvested their organs (I am not a psycho, that's just coding experiment).Even being one year since the first Steam alpha release, RimWorld is really stable that runs smoothly.You won't get that from DayZ (yeah, I'm waiting that game to be stable so that I can buy that)This game is both a time-travelling machine and cocaine. I can time travel from 3 pm to 4am whenever I play this game without any food. Also, you can be addicted to the game without getting caught by real cops!10/10 would waste all of my time againIn all seriousness, buy this game! That ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" tag on User reviews is undisputable."
,Recommended,294100,24423697,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Soob,"JUST BUY THE GAME ALREADY, SERIOUSLY.So, in my first experience with this game I played the game for almost 10 hours straight on permadeath mode.Decided to take the Randy Random storyteller as an option.Here's my story. ..3 crash landed survivors. 2 brothers, in a spaceship, and then a meteor hit...err...Yeah so they landed on the planet in the far northern reaches, and built a sweet settlement. Had some visitor’s quarters that could house like 10+ people (ty mods). As our three adventurers went along, they recruited another 7 wanderers to join their settlement. In the first year’s winter, the old lady of the group lost her mind and decided to walk nude into the wilderness...everyone was sad when she died and a few settlers visited her grave for months after. Many raiders attempted to steal what the settlers built and grew, but through blood and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kiting tactics, they survived. After the first full year, there were now 11 people in the settlement. Traders were a common sight, and the raiding had cooled off through the second winter. There were squabbles here and there, and the occasional rampant animal or man hunting pack of wild beasts. Overall it was quite peaceful; the settlers were able to create a life on this wild planet. They had gardens, electrical systems, defense grids, and even a hydroponics farm being built...and then it happened...They came from the sky, 3 of them. These monstrosities in metal armor crashing through the roof of the home. They started with the scientist, gutted her right in front of the youngest one. She lost it and ran into the woods. Then the settlers banded together. They waited outside of the laboratory doors. Those steel encased doors that can hold back even the wildest of beast or raider. 9 people fully loaded with every ounce of firepower they had to offer. Even some EMP grenades they had scored off a few raiders who were unlucky enough to catch a few settlers hunting. They didn't stand a chance. The doors came down like butter. The trade caravan that had been there, fled as soon as the fire started. There was nowhere to run. The metal beasts shrugged off every round fired, even the heavy machine gun couldn't penetrate their armor. They barely scathed these monsters. 7 people went down in the melee. Only two escaped to run to a safer place, maybe the doors of the freezer would hold them out, and they would leave with some goods and let them live? That's when the beeping started, ......... has burned to death, .......... has burned to death. It kept saying it, over and over until they were gone. All but two, but the monsters weren't done. They broke the freezer doors down, knocked the final two unconscious and lit the rest of the encampment on fire. They all died, slowly. First from stab wounds and power fist wounds and then they were burned to death...that was it...game over...maybe someone else will find use of the ruins of this place...?Seriously though, I was stuck for 10 hours almost playing this. I couldn't step away from this crazy story that was unfolding. If you are even considering it, buy it. You can return it if you play it for less than 2 hours. BUT, I doubt you will be able to put it down."
,Recommended,294100,34389823,Posted: 21 August,all,Kyneptic,"Rimworld, the game of a thousand stories... of death that is.This game deserves its price tag, let me explain why.1. 200+ Hours of content, not counting mods.2. Very high replayability.3. Huge modding community.4. Great game, only in beta. (a.k.a, still being updated)5. Alot of difficulty settings (For casual gamers and people who like a challange)6. Art style fits the game really well.7. Detailed colony builder.8. Lots of management options and choices.But there are a few downsides...1. Huuuuuge learning curve, takes a few hours to learn how to play properly.2. Stressful to manually put mods in non-crashing order.The better things easily outweight the negatives, especially because only 1 of the negatives are for vinilla play. If you love building and management/simulation games, get it now. It is worth it 100%."
,Recommended,294100,29049028,Posted: 5 January,all,Hellbeholder,"Well, ain't such a bad spot for a colony after all, I guess. Been here for a year and a half, having enough food, electricity, even a bunch of nice houses an' a little hospital place for me to work and take care of our people, as you see. Three more joined us after we crash landed, uhh... weirdly enough, one of those is the sister of my friend Matt. What's her face... A yeah, Yoko. Then we got Sullivan. Ugly, poor guy... Ain't good for much, but at least he's having fun sweeping the floors. And then there's Lynch.That lady got by us, because she was chased by some tribe folk. I don't know what she did, but those guys sure were mad at her. Well, whatever. She's got the aiming, was a scout before, she told us. But no use getting much out of her, anyway. Seems like she doesn't like man that much, always giving us that nasty stink eye... When she arrived, she had constant, terrible pain in her chest. Turned out she had lung cancer, growing. Not good.You gotta learn to deal with that. But you also gotta learn to deal with those darn tribe idiots, trying to raid our little home sweet home again an' again! That one time there were five guys, with clubs and bows. I don't know why they're still trying that... but our rifles and pistols sure get the job done. Maybe my aim was a little off or something, three of these savages survived.So, we pick them up off the ground, pack them in our little prison cell and start the medical treatment, because we're good folk, we ain't killing for fun just because they're hostile and so on... However, that one poor boy, only seventeen I believe, Matt made a fine swiss cheese out of him. No way that boy's gonna make it, I said. But weirdly enough his chest was still ok.I know... You're not supposed to talk about stuff like that but... whatever. I mean, one of our girls was in dire need of a new lung, y'know what I'm saying? Nobody really liked the idea, that's a given. But nobody stopped me either, when I prepared the surgery. Someone's gonna do the dirty work, Wilson, I say to myself all the time. And so I did.Surely enough, a few days later Lynch approached me because of that lung. Even if she doesn't like man, everybody know's here that I'm the doc and I know what I'm doing. And getting her a new, healthy organ was my intention after all. I'm telling you, it was like some Frankensteins movie or something, a storm outside, thunder clapping, as I prepared everything. But I ain't some crazy scientist, I got the job done, clean as it gets. Seems like I have the hands for it, ha.When Lynch awoke, I never saw her smile like that. That horrible pain she felt from that nasty cancer, well, it was gone of course. Surgery was a full success, no problems at all. Wilson, she said, seems like you're not such a weirdo after all. And we laughed, everybody was relieved. Good, hard times, I'm telling you.Well... But, whatever. I'm not really sure why I'm telling you this right now, sedation should've hit you hard enough by now. Sullivan told me he has this weird itch in his gut, sooo...... Where did I put my knife?Based on true events. That's RimWorld for you."
76561198043654101,Recommended,294100,24945387,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,zman9000,"Preordered No Man's skyGame didn't workGot a refundBought RimworldBest thing that's ever happened to me!Update: because my review got so much atention i feel like i should put some actual information in it, not just a NMS joke.So Rimworld is a great game if you like managment in games. If you like games like Civilization, or even RTS games, i feel like rimworld could be for you. I've had way more fun with it then i expected.One of the best things about rimworld is, even when you lose a game and basically rage quit, chances are you will be thinking about playing or already playing again in like a half hour. its too good, you can't stay away!"
,Recommended,294100,24777640,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TTL.Ora Nella Ora Mesra,"Played on Cassandra Classic :- Start a nice colony in the middle of mountains- Colony digging mountain found ancient wall- Ignore warning, continue digging and deconstruct ancient wall- A Scyther and A Blaster Wielding Centipede appeared- Colony devastatedPlayed on Free Build difficulty :- Build a self sufficient farming tribe- Found out about dev mode- Spawn 25 fertilized chicken eggs- 25 chick hatched and start taming process- Chick #15 didn't want to be tamed and start rebellion with 10 other chick near food stockpile- Start to panic and forgot to switch colony not to run away- Colony devastatedRimworld is a game about building colony that consist of random human being. You could get a nudist pyromaniac, an educated person that can't do manual labor or a mere lazy drunkard. Their AI system designed to make a good story about colony and human interaction. Every scenario is possible starting from pirate raids, crazed animals, and blaster wielding centipede. Combine with workshop items and scenario for unlimited possibility.Definitely must buy"
76561198019849099,Recommended,294100,30195593,Posted: 26 February,all,Yoozd,*crashlanded in a great spot*finished steel-walled housing everywhere*settling in nicely*decided to hunt an emu for food*2 enraged emu's kill all 3 survivors10/10 would hunt emu again
,Recommended,294100,25824919,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Usbdriver,It's in alpha. It has more content than some 60 dollar games.
,Recommended,294100,24815828,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Andy,Bought eggs from a trader thinking they'd make a good meal for my colonists.They sat untouched in the freezer for over a week.My colonists awoke one morning to 33 chicks streaming out of the freezer.Spent the next hour naming them.
,Recommended,294100,24378455,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,iMatrix7,"17.07.2016 : (EARLY ACCESS)Alpha 14Highly recommended!!This is my review after 20 hours of INTENSE gameplay.RimWorld is a sci-fi colony simulator where you've to survive in an hostile stranger planet.Everything is managed by a fantastic A.I. storyteller who creates dynamic events during the gameplay, simulating interpersonal relationships, psychology, trading, climate, biomes, diplomacy and a lot more..A typical scenario you can have in your first game: ""Your colony is formed by three mans, everyone of them with positive and negative traits. You're on a stranger planet, so you've to start to build a base, or at least a refuge for your colonists. There are a lot of dangerous things out there, such as wild animals (snakes, bears, wolves and many more) or bandits.Once you've finally your base, you've to survive, and mantain your colony happy, otherwise they'll start to fight each other, and it's not the easiest task of the game, believe me.""Gameplay and graphics is very similar to PRISON ARCHITECTS and DWARF FORTRESS (who ispired the devs).Actually is EARLY ACCESS, and probably someone of you could be scared of this, but there is nothing to worry about. The game is FULLY playable and BUG FREE, or at least I've not encountered a single bug in 20hours of gameplay. Very stable and light.Scenario is procedurally generated by seed, and events are ALWAYS dynamically created, so it will never happen to have a game like the previous one, not even if you load a previous savegame!Well, in the end, it's very rare to say in a review, that I can't find a single bad thing in a videogame, and this is one of those very rare cases.Absolutely recommended to anyone of you who loves games like DWARF FORTRESS, PRISON ARCHITECTS, and simulation games / base-building / strategy games.9.5 / 10 (waiting the rest of the content during the early access)."
76561198089473482,Recommended,294100,32858586,Posted: 27 June,all,bmb222,Only early access that I can fully and completely recommend.
,Recommended,294100,28105379,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Psiclone,"Day 1: Three survivors crash land on an unknown planet, build a small shelter and huddle for the night. During the night a lightning strike lights the emergency rations on fire. The three shiver in the dark reliving the events of the past day in their dreams.Day 2: With no food supplies our intrepid Markus 'Seedlings' Grave takes his trusty hunting rifle and searches for game. Seeing a hare he fires a shot and hits a timber wolf who proceeds to maul him. Jannet 'Joker' Coben dashes to Markus' aid with her trusty plasteel knife and manages to wound the wolf. Jimmy 'Swan' Camble catches up to Jannet and levels his pistol at the wolf and pulls the trigger. Jannet takes the round in the head and dies instantly. The timber wolf seeing new prey sprints towards Jimmy. Fortunately; Tugboat, their yorkshire terrier comes to the rescue! With Tugboat distracting the wolf Jimmy takes another shot and shoots Tugboat in the head killing him instantly as well. Unfazed by the distraction the wolf takes Jimmy down and begins eating him will Markus slowly bleeds out only able to watch as he knows he'll be next.Day 3: Debris continues to rain down on the planet. Markus has an infection and is drifting in and out of consciousness. Nearby a cargo pod lands and several weeks worth of rations spill out. Markus is unable to move and loses consciousness again.Day 4: Markus’ infection is raging now and he finally succumbs to his wounds.Would play again."
76561198036684715,Recommended,294100,26613932,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Anxarcule,"I like to base my purchases on how complex, challenging, and re-playable a game is.  Typically when I am looking to spend money (especially games upwards of $30) I want to know I'll get my money's worth.  I like to read other people's reviews to see not just that they rated it up, but that those who do rate it up have more than a handful of hours in the game.  Looking around at the reviews here, you can clearly see people are getting their money's worth out of this gem of a game.Having played ~30 hours I've been having an amazing time.  Rimworld is a unique blend of base building, resource management, tower defense and likely a few other genres that manages to engage you where you actually care about your colony and colonists.  Coupled with a RNG event system there is always excitement around the corner - maybe a blight will destroy 75% of your crops, or you'll be attacked by a group of rampaging bunnies (or elephants!), or a toxic fallout will sweep across the land forcing you to adapt to survive.  Even if RNG may scare you away, the difficulty ramps over time so you'll never be unfairly challenged, although you will be alerted to your weaknesses time and time again.The customization this game allows is also what makes it potentially fun for just about anyone, and the gradual increase in difficulty keeps things interesting. With a plethora of mods available and a scenario editor so you can play exactly the game you want - you can create a colony with superstars and top tier gear in a lush environment, a small group of desolate tribals trying to adapt to below freezing temperatures, a group of psychopathic cannibals, etc..  your imagination is the limit.In my latest game I had to abandon my best colony yet because of poor planning - instead of the typical raid of pirates charging into my fortified defenses (consisting of traps and gun turrets) they decided to blow open a back way into my base and decimated my infrastructure, overpowering my brave colonists (it didn't help that one of my ""smokeleaf"" addicted colonists decided to go smoke himself silly as they were tearing down the wall).  As annoying as some of these defeats are, you always learn more for next time.  I've just now started as a group of five tribals with no technology and it completely changes the way you play the game.Don't let the ""Early Access"" tag fool you - this is a complete game with a massive amount of depth, and great communication from a competent developer.  I can't wait to see what else is in store.  If this does sound interest watch a few let's plays to give you an idea of how Rimworld plays out.One other note - the soundtrack is absolutely stellar and really sets the theme.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,294100,31548635,Posted: 4 May,all,The Last Ewok,"149 days after the settlement of Quora was founded.During a mining expedition through the mountains, an Ancient Danger is discovered. Rynn breaks down the wall to find two mechanoid centipedes and a scyther in hibernation. Upon seeing this new threat, Rynn retreats back to base.A wall is built to block the mechanoids from reaching Quora and serve as a warning to its citizens of the threat.Suddenly, in the middle of the night, the janitor Dunn wakes up and decides to go on a psychite binge, with the only psychite on the map, being right in the middle of the mechanoid lair.. Unable to control his urge, Dunn makes a run for it. Straight into the lair he goes, snatching the sweet sweet psychite and getting high as a ♥♥♥♥ing kite. Two seconds later, he's gunned down by the centipedes.After hearing news of his friends death, Snow, the founder of Quora, mounts a counter attack on the mechanoid threat. Accompanied by every abled body in the settlement, Snow leads the charge against the mechanoids.Bullets whiz, grenades detonate, and the battle rages. With one centipede down, the tides are turning in favor of the Quoran peoples, when without warning, a new threat emerges. Two insect hives emerge in the crossfire, spawning three megaspiders, who all rush the Quoran brigade with an overwhelming force.Using the last of his luck, Snow calls for a retreat, but it's too late. The entire Quoran force is destroyed, with Snow being the only survivor. As he limps back to the settlement, he can hear the insects mining through the mountains. It's only a matter of time until they breach the mountain walls of Quora.With a sigh, Snow limps into the medbay, smokeleaf joint in hand. Contemplating his existence, he slowly fades off to sleep.."
,Recommended,294100,28981200,Posted: 3 January,all,akwardboner,"Had a Yorkshire Terrier attack squad.Euthanized a settler that had become a vegetable after a shot to the head.4 marriages.Harvested a liver from a captured raider for my dying settler.Became a weed dealer.My smartest settler by far accidently triggered one of our traps and got her head cleaved off.Excommunicated a worthless, drug addict settler who would do nothing but make subpar sculpturesSettlement was shortly under the mercy of a pack of blood-thirsty deer"
76561198103488000,Recommended,294100,29405541,Posted: 21 January,all,Quazyrage,"I know what your thinking, ""look at the graphics, and 30 dollers wtf""I said the same thing for a year looking at this game.But here is the Lowdown on RimworldIt is absolutely Epic.The depth of this game is unprecedented.In its vanilla form it truly is a vary great game,but with the workshop? which has a huge active communityThe sky is not even a limit anymore.If you like colony building, a bit of exploration, tower defense,and survival games this has great big bits of each in it.you will not be disappointed.My one major Con.... pawn AI.they truly are stupid as Hell sometimes.The UI does provide ways of dealing with their bad choices but it is a bit clunky in that respect.I give this game a 9.5/10 and its still in alphaalso, its a must have for any brown coats out there.It is not in the Firefly universe but it harnesses its amazing spirit very very well."
76561198073308766,Recommended,294100,24568878,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Arkylas,"My Review:- Start new game- Fight off raiders- Wedding!! :D- Figure ""Huh, this is a good time to get glass of water"" (The game pauses for bad events), left game running- Wedding begins- Late at end of day, everyone hungry- While getting water...- Groom freaks out and goes on an eating binge- All 11 wedding guests sit around while he eats- Come back to computer at this point, maybe 10 mintues later- 11 Members of society have gotten stick from lack of food (malnutrition) and were locking in wedding mode- All 11 laying around incapacitated and can not walk, slowly dying of malnutrition- Groom is wandering around in a psychotic daze because he doesn't want to wear clothes- Groom removes all clothes and procedes naked...- Wait for groom to come back to himself- Becomes normal- Groom instantly goes nutzo because he is sick because he caught a cold taking all his clothes off- Groom walks around the church I built FOR HIS WEDDING, systematically beating to death all the starving wedding guests and his fiance, then butchering the farm animals11/10 Would watch Kill Bill pt 1 all over again"
,Recommended,294100,33137197,Posted: 2 July,all,NiiNi,"THE BEST early access game on steam. The developers are working hard and listening what the community is asking for and things to be reworked. Every new version of it really is a new version with alot of things added which brings even more aspects to the game. The relationship between developer and community is one of the best I have seen. There is tons of mods for this game so as a player you can change so much with mods its barely the same game. The basic foundation of the game is excellent and allows players to create mods to add tons of content which have resulted in tremendous replay-value. I have played over 900 hours and theres so many mods and content out there which makes the games content endless. At the same time players create mods which result in more content, the developers is working on new functions, platforms and opportunities for players to create even more mods for. This game have a magnificent relationship between developers and players. This game is worth alot more then what they ask for it. I love this game and how it grows more and more into something marvelous. Can´t wait to see what new dazzling additions to a already wonderful game. 10/10 The game have the most replay value by far for its price. I highly recommend RimWorld to everyone."
,Recommended,294100,34578519,Posted: 29 August,all,God Himself,Never adopt a pyromaniac.
,Recommended,294100,24603443,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Les Battersby,"I started my colony as a lone, rich surgeon who had crash landed on the planet. I named him Boris. He wasn't a violent man, and shunned fighting whenever possible. One day a strong brute joined the colony after he crash landed on the planet and I used my medical skills to patch him up to perfection. Lovely! He did the heavy lifting, Boris did the research and looked after his sniffles.Things were going well.Then she came. She was perfect. She could shoot a gun like she was ex special forces - she could mine like a nutjob on meth and her construction skills were second to none. Boris was in love. Over time he tried to woo her, but she always rejected his advances. One day, Boris noticed the other two colonists had developed a little relationship, and wanted to share a bed together.Boris felt the rage. In the night he arrested the smart, talented lady. He strapped her to the surgeons table. He removed both of her arms.At least they will never cuddle in bed.Boris was not a violent man - but he was a ♥♥♥♥ing good surgeon."
76561198052704749,Recommended,294100,25316974,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,iesudral,My last colony was coming along so nicely. I had learned from my mistakes. I was playing the single save  mode. My defences were layered and many. Then a raid came. They came in through the freezer. Mining their way through a mountain. I had only one colonist with a ranged weapon and a dozen AI turrets. The turrets were not in the freezer. All of my frozen potatoes gone. All gone. Gone.13/10 - Would be murdered through the freezer again.
,Recommended,294100,24412687,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,HBA.Donaldino Trumperino,Made a new colony.Clicked random until I had a full roster of psychopaths.Captured traders and ate them or sold their organs to other traders.Made art to remember the dead prisoners in their breaking moments.Watched as everyone killed and ate eachother during a toxic fallout.Last Survivor was in coma during all the commotion and woke up to his dead family.Last Survivor killed himself.Good Times.
,Recommended,294100,34372855,Posted: 20 August,all,TheBriar,There is a reason the reviews are 97% positive ya know.
,Recommended,294100,34031020,Posted: 4 August,all,Noxion,Literally the best $30 I have ever spent on a video game.
76561198030772900,Recommended,294100,25102207,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Popeye,"First colony went ok, built in the boreal mountains.  Fall comes along, and my food stores are not looking good.  A trade caravan shows up, but instead of having food for me, all they have is a bunch of expensive livestock, including boomalopes.  Yes, livestock that explodes!I thought I Was screwed.Then an invasion of mad boomrats (smaller things that explode!) attack, but go straight for the caravan, creating a chain reaction of explosions from boomrats to boomalopes, setting fire to the traders, killing them all....and that's how meat was back on the menu, boys."
76561197971261464,Recommended,294100,28495188,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,seraph144,"I keep forgetting the game is in Early Access because there's so much content, and it's so well polished... And then another update comes out with a ton of new content, and I'm like, ""Oh yeah... It's still in development..."".This is a truly amazing game that is worth buying even in Early Access, as it's far more stable than a lot of AAA games on release. Tons of fun and has a great modding community."
,Recommended,294100,33858335,Posted: 28 July,all,thancock223,"Nearly 50 hours in... and I've yet to have a successful colony. In fact I don't think I've even had a colony make it past 2 years yet. Let me describe my last attempt.I was in the borreal forest for the first time (I usually go with just the temperate forest). Since it was my first time picking this biome, I decided to pick a spot with a growing season of 20 days since most boreal forest maps are only 10 days. I was doing really well and had lots of rice and meat stocked up for the upcoming winter. I was about 15 days into the growing season and my corn was going to be ready to harvest by the next day. Then, overnight, I get the event ""cold snap"". All of my corn dies overnight while my colonists slept. No bid deal, I felt like I still had plenty of food to get me through the winter. Winter comes and I get through it just fine and spring hits. Now, the beginning of spring, it still doesn't get above 0 celcius so I still couldn't grow anything and I was starting to run low on food (not desperate yet though). Lucky for me, a herd of caribou waltzes into my map. I send for my hunter to hunt 2 of them as that was going to be all I needed. Now with caribou, you've got about a 50/50 chance of them either running when you start hunting, or the entire herd attacking you. I got the latter. My dog April served as a decoy and I got my colonist back close to my turrets and the turrets basically wiped them out, but not before my colonist litterally lost his leg. Oh well, I wasn't too worried, he is just gonna be a little slow from here on out. Right after this, I get raided and one of them has grenades. I didn't realize this and so I had my colonists clustered together. 2 grenades and all but one of my colonists can't walk and are in need of rescue. The turrets finish off the enemies and I start clicking to have my one standing guy rescue the others. Thats when I realize the one standing guy is the guy that just lost his leg. Long story short, he couldn't move fast enough to save anyone (there was also thick snow on the ground) and eventually collapsed and my entire colony died.*sigh*time to try again"
76561198001792223,Recommended,294100,24406919,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fawge,"So I had my colony of Fawge Town thriving. Technology was good, chokepoint was good. But then something happened that at the time i didn't believe was a big deal. Toxic Fallout. Stay inside otherwise you and your animals will get sick over time, collapse and die.Anyway I didnt give it much thought. However only 4 days had passed when I realised the food was running out. And the only food source I had left were my three huskies and pet Panther. It was a hard choice but I had to slaughter one of my dogs and prepare her meat so that the rest of the colony could survive.. for two more days.Day 6 I had run out of food again and this time I had to slaughter another Husky and my pet Panther which had helped me defend the colony from many raids.The day after their sacrifice was made the toxic fallout ended.. And their deaths were in vain.I have not played a game that made me think so hard on a decision. I seriously thought my colony was going to starve to death. If I make it - It's going to be for those poor huskies and pet panther =("
,Recommended,294100,29998330,Posted: 17 February,all,Taorgax,"It's Dwarf Fortress for those of us who were always interested in its concept, but couldn't get through the ASCII wall and the learning curve, in a space setting that's heavily inspired by Firefly (so there are a multitude of worlds with varying degrees of technology advancement, and you're going to see people from all sorts of backgrounds). You're in charge of guiding a group of colonists through their trials and tribulations in one of the titular Rim Worlds; distant, isolated planets lacking in strong central government and low in population density, and your job is to get them to stay alive long enough to... do whatever you want, really. There is a clear ""end game"" goal here (build / access a ship and escape the planet), but the real fun of the game comes from developing your base in whatever way you want, for as long as you can, while surviving the ever-escalating threats that the AI will throw at you.Both in art style and construction-oriented gameplay, the game is immediately reminiscent of Prison Architect, but Rimworld is much more than that, as it's also packing a surprisingly deep combat system that demands careful planning, both while building and during combat itself, if you want your colonists to live to see another day. The AI ""storytellers"", a concept not unlike L4D's ""director"", ensures that you meet a level of challenge that, at the very least, will give you a memorable tale to share after your colonists' demise.And when the time comes and your colonists die, you WILL feel it. There are many, many easy / dumb ways to die in this game, and learning about them is part of the experience; you'll just HAVE to tell your friends about the one animal handler who died in combat, only to have one of his pets go mad from grief and butcher one of your colonists, or the colonist that sacrificed his life so you could learn about cave-ins the hard way, or the dangers of running a drug operation in a colony full of stressed people fearing for their lives...If there's one negative aspect about it, it's the fact that its tutorial is simply not good enough. Many important mechanics are barely mentioned or not even touched upon (setting work priorities manually is one such glaring omission); losing colonists because of mistakes you're aware of or gambles gone wrong is fine, but having them die because you didn't understand a part of the UI is frustrating, and there may be a lot of that if you don't go looking for tips before diving in too deep.Overall though, it's an amazing game. It's in Early Access not because of it being a buggy mess, unplayable or imbalanced; it's simply there to let buyers know that there's still more content being added to it, and the end of early access will mean the end of development for the game. I can't recommend this game enough, it's absolutely worth it at full price!"
,Recommended,294100,34064258,Posted: 6 August,all,Cyber_Donkey,"I can not speak highly enough about this game. Everything about it is amazing. This is the top game in its genre, and possibly the best game of all time. I am not exagerating. This is amazing. It doesn't look nearly as fun in the videos, as it actually is."
,Recommended,294100,32228333,Posted: 6 June,all,Microsoft Word,"This game lets you do perform some... questionable actions.A 14-year-old refugee crash landed her pod near me.I'm not evil - I set a colonist to save her since she was near death.She made a full recovery and then set off on her way.I then checked her stats. She was pretty decent.Before she hit the edge of the map I arrested her... I needed that skill.Few months in game later, girl won't join me.She preferred her stone prison and kept rejecting my colonists recruitment offer.Cba anymore.Cut her throat and dumped her body.Caught a wolf eating it shortly after.10/10 would child murder again."
76561198011763174,Recommended,294100,26682788,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Gimp,"Dingus...  Dingus was a great shot and he loved to spend time in the garden. He had a sister named blackhat. One day the battery room exploded leading to a terrible fire that spread out of control quickly. The other 2 colonists (good friends who we've had from the start) heroically fought the blaze and both died doing so. We had 2 prisoners in a small outbuilding at the edge of the settlement, seeing that the fire would soon reach there building and either burn them to death or set them free    blackhat executed them.  Not being able to stop the fire We prepaired for the end. Suddenly at the last second just before the last few buildings went up, it started raining, saving what was left.With a few small buildings left, brother and sister were still alive but starving. In desperation dingus and blackhat to my utter disgust grabbed the executed prisoners(the fire never did reach the prison building) and set the corpses on the dining table and ate them raw.After that it got really bad...  Blackhat , already upset at seeing her friends burn to death and executing 2 people that in the end, did not need to be killed, snapped. She just couldnt get over eating raw human flesh to survive.She took off into the hills with her knife killing every little critter that crossed her path leaving a bloody trail of rampage and little corpses. dingus takes off after her. She aproaches 2 panthers and headlessly attacks them with her knife. dingus is almost to her. Blackhat is ripped apart by the 2 panthers just as her brother reaches her, forntunatly she badly crippled them both. Dingus finishes the job, digs a grave for his sister, but because of his absolute refusal to haul things,has to watch his sister slowly rot mere feet from her grave..I knew this would be the end.. No human mind A I or otherwise could cope with all this trauma. The death the cannibalism, the horrible irony of watching a loved one rot because of your own lazienes.Sure enough Dingus's mood was done in. had had a full mental breakdown  tore off all his clothes and just walked away from it all. Close to the end now soon he'll starve to death or get mauled by a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of turkey or somthing.  ..  but .. whats this?? a crashed crate full of.. DRUGS!   crashed right as I came out of my stupour. right in front of me.  well ♥♥♥♥ it lets smoke some.1 year later 6 ppl in the colony now and things going well   dingus (while stoned out of his tree) saved a girl being chased by raiders and we've made new friends from there..  mostley dingus has come back from his drug addiction and is leading a full life.  Only thing is.. we cant get medicine,  we cant grow healthroot (no one has skill high enough) and past few traders to come through maddengly dont have any.                  Dingus catches malaria and dies in bed.buried next to his sister in the grave he could never finish...Would be saved by last minute drug addiction only to die of malaria a year later again... 11/10"
,Recommended,294100,24354054,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,KT_Extinction,"I'm not really sure what I'm doing, food is running low, people are getting depressed from how bad the accomodations are on this planet. I mean, what do you expect? We are living in a small alcove carved out from the sheer mountain wall in a desolate alien planet, it's no Ritz Carlton...My main hunter got sad from sleeping on the hard rocky floor for too many nights in a row. He threw his rifle on the floor, took off his shirt and pants off and started wandering outside, eventually fixating on a wild turkey and followed him around for days. I wonder why he decided to do this?Rimworld is an attempt to replicate a semblance of Dwarf Fortress's complexity with actual GRAPHICS. I've always felt DF was one of those games that was much more fun to read about rather than play, somewhat like Eve online. From what I understand Rimworld doesn't come close to emulating DF level complexity, but it is extremely intricately detailed in its own right.Injuries are simulated all over the body(To the level that a guy can have his right ring finger bitten off by a beaver), colonists have their own personalities and wants/ skills, as well as unique traits. These make all the colonists feel more like real people as they have a semblance of personality, for example some of them won't really mind living in squalor, while others want an extravagant bedroom or nice chairs or something. You can assign tasks but not all of them can do everything so optimizing job priorities is a large part of the game's challenge. Colonists will develop relationships with one another, ranging from falling in love alll the way hating one another and starting fights. You really get the sense that yes, you can tell them what to do but they are their own self contained entities with wants and needs that require management or else on day they'll decide, ""♥♥♥♥ it, I'm out"" and start stabbing and eating everyone else or something.Combat is more interesting too, with cover based shooting, melee combat, automated turrets, traps, etc. It is much more complex than the standard ""Right click on someone and go hit him"" of other similar games.Rimworld's graphics are the simplistic, charming Prison Architect style, with similar mechanics in ""zoning"" and construction mechanics. This game has been in development for years and it shows, there are plenty of features and mechanics in this game, as well as a distinct lack of bugs (so far).My one complaint is that there isn't much of an in game tutorial, but there is a helpful advice message system which helped me out a lot. Still, I would've preferred a small mini campaign like in Prison Architect so I can at least get a general idea what I should prioritize and what I should work towards, but I'm sure this information will come with time as I mess around in the game more.Highly recommend this if you like colony simulators, it's amazing!"
,Recommended,294100,28800905,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,brando,"Man, this game is everything I've been looking for.It resparked an enjoyment from single player games that I haven't been able to find in a long time."
,Recommended,294100,31078778,Posted: 11 April,all,Dr. Faggots,"I love dwarf fortress, but Rimworld actually made me care about the people I command.Especially that one woman that wasn't told to fight off the scyther invaded the camp, she got shot in the back, spine broken.I kept her in the hospital, incapable of walking, for I wanted to find a way to save her, since she was my best colonist, I owed that to her. Maybe if I got advanced enough I could replace her spine?Alas, a flashtorm told me otherwise.Here they were, fighting a loosing battle against the flames. I had to make a decision and packed everything I could into one single caravan. They couldn't carry her with them.Abandon settlement, rebuild. The lost tribesmen got chased off their camp once again.Everything is good again. Except the burns on my hunter got infected, and got the better off her.Fast forward to the end, my colony was populated only with domesticated wolves that outlived their master.Rest in peace; Komodo, Val, Hunter, Meat and tribesmen who met less glorious ends.Except you, ♥♥♥♥ you Arroya, I always hated you."
,Recommended,294100,33462238,Posted: 11 July,all,BADDA BOOM,I brought this game on sale and I still feel like I ripped the developers off.
76561197967810130,Recommended,294100,26135104,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HungryHippo,"This game is best described as either a casual version of dwarf fortress or a hardcore version of the sims.  The style of the game is very similar to Dwarf Fortress.Like in DF, losing is fun.  It's how you learn.  While it's not nearly as ""deep"" (i.e. convoluted) as DF, there are certainly a lot of things to learn.  But unlike DF, the GUI does a good job of communication and everything is pretty much self explanatory.My favorite resident so far was a 81 year old bounty hunter who was the best sniper I've ever seen.  We rescued her from a band of pirates.  She eventually went deaf, but never really minded it.My least favorite was a belligerent pyromaniac who hated everyone. I don't allow pyros in my colonies anymore."
,Recommended,294100,31371029,Posted: 26 April,all,Kitsunova,"I bought this game one evening figuring I'd just try the tutorial to see how it was, Suddenly my alarm was going off for work and my colonists were all dying from a massive fire....again.10/10"
76561198135268797,Recommended,294100,29497387,Posted: 25 January,all,SunButt,There is no such thing as the perfect ga-...
76561198086429293,Recommended,294100,26491131,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lord McDoobz of McDoobzton,"Doctor hits on Scientist.Scientist politely ignores advances.Doctor, suffering from an extreme lack of positive vibes, goes on a berserk rage.Doctor beats scientist to death with uranium club.Doctor moves in on next victim, Labourman.Labourman fires Doomsday Rocket Launcher (I should probably stop having them equip that).Labourman blows Doctor and Labourman's pet wolf to hell.Labourman suffers from shredded limbs.Labourman has an infection.Psychic event sends Labourman into a daze.Labourman walks the frozen tundra, naked, bleeding, starving, confused, sad, alone.About a day later a grizzly bear disposes of whatever is left of him, and the cycle of life continues.11/10 Would have a gay academic friendzone a fellow academic causing random acts of violence and general disorder again."
,Recommended,294100,24384112,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Molon labe,"I rarely write reviews and most of them are just for fun, but this is probably the best sandbox game I've ever played so far. If you played Banished, Timber and Stone, Factorio, Dwarf Forest, Prison Architect you're gonna like it.What's inside it:Lots of replayability. Scenario System and difficulty settings makes every colony(or tribe) different from each other, thus providing the player with ability to customize the game as you want to. You can even create and download scenarios from other players in workshop.Tons of content. And I mean it. Game will never get boring even in the mid and late game, especially if you'll choose challenging difficulty to spice up the gameplay with some action. If you want to have more content workshop has it all.Alongside with that you have Interactive World, which will be harsh, just like the real world, but that what makes this game even more interesting.So don't let the Early Access scare you! Even if the devs will stop releasing updates it's already in a very good shape and the community makes it even better.TL;DRJust buy it already, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,294100,32485332,Posted: 16 June,all,linuxpunk,"""I just love hanging with this crowd, seeing what they are up to, knowing how they feel"".— Me, about my colonistsThis game is so good and so immersive, that it has an option to display your desktop time so you won't loose track of time while playing it.It's not overpriced.I appreciate I can play this on my OS of choice, Linux."
76561198066035535,Recommended,294100,24363662,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mtrenal,"I think it's valuable to have a review from someone who just bought the game and not just those who have been hooked on it for years- and I can say confidently that this is one of the best games I've played in a long time.Full disclosure- I'm a long time Dwarf Fortress player, so:1) If you like DF, you will love this game.2) Don't let that scare you if you couldn't get into DF, see the accessability section below.ACCESSABILITY / DIFFICULTYComing from zero experience, it was easy to learn the game (if you don't mind losing a couple times, which I found fun). The UI is very intuitive and easy after a bit of clicking around, there are helpful pop-ups to guide you. Those complaining about a lack of a tutorial must just want everything spoon-fed to them.GAMEPLAYIf you like simulations, colony builders, that sort of thing, this is for you. It is deep, but I really think this game could open the genre to new audiences.If you don't like having to try more than once, twice, three times to understand how to be successful, this is not for you.GRAPHICSThey're good. Not the game's selling point, but suffice to say they're better than they need to be.SOUNDRimworld has a very space-western vibe, and that comes through especially in the sound. I love Firefly, so it was very appealing to me.DEV SUPPORTAgain, I just bought the game, but the developer seems very committed to his players. There are suggestion threads on Reddit that he browses.EARLY ACCESSAs stated in the description, there are little to no bugs. I haven't noticed any, at least.OVERALLIt's #1 on the Steam Top Sellers (at time of writing) for a reason. It's amazingly well-designed. It has great replayability for those second, third, fourth attempts.What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,294100,32870696,Posted: 27 June,all,Pewt,"It's Dwarf Fortress in space.If you like Dwarf Fortress you'll probably like RimWorld. The idea is mostly the same: you have a few colonists with some basic supplies who have to build a town, interact with traders, deal with raids (from other settlers rather than goblins), and so forth. There is a victory condition but it's more of a guideline for people who need it than it is an actual core part of the game.The graphics are very charming, and other than the interface (which is noticeably more barebones/ugly) do their job quite well. It would be nice if there was a visual distinction when, for example, your colonist has a bionic leg, but this is a pipe dream and probably won't realistically happen for a long time at least. The sounds are pretty basic and get the job done, but you'll probably want to put on some music while you play.The interface is better than DF and a bit easier to learn, but is still very bad. I enjoyed the game regardless, but the terrible UI is one of the parts of this game which needs the most work. There isn't any one thing about it which is particular broken: the whole thing is just poorly organized and doesn't reflect the way you actually want to use it.The game is much more small-scale and slow-paced than DF. DF has you very quickly working up to 50+ dwarves, whereas RimWorld is intended to cap out around 10 or 15: this is explicitly baked into the game as you will see much fewer opportunities to get more colonists in RimWorld than you do in DF. This has some unfortunate consequences for the game: in DF the way you get colonists (migrant waves) is largely independent from ways you interact with the world (traders, goblin raids, etc), so if for some reason DF wanted to limit the number of dwarves to 20 it could just stop sending migrant waves. However, since RimWorld ties these different events closer together, a lot of fun events like raids basically stop happening or are replaced with different versions (such as mechanoid raids) to prevent you gaining colonists. Trading is also way too slow: in my current colony I buy all the steel from every trader with a mod that increases the number of traders that show up and I still don't have anywhere near enough--not to build an all-steel base or anything, but just to build air vents and the like where they need to go. This would make sense if I was on some kind of deadline to get these things done by, but I'm really not: it's just an annoying hindrance. Rant about problems with the population cap and the pace of the game aside, it keeps you more invested in your individual characters than DF does: I remember my talker character who got her jaw blown off in a raid and then replaced with the jaw of one of the raiders, whereas I rarely remember individual Urists from DF.The game has a lot of work to be done: most noticeably, it can get very laggy in the late game, which (if I may project) is probably due to a single developer without too much experience writing fast code and with feature deadlines. It would be nice to see some effort being put into it running faster: I run it on a fairly good gaming machine and it starts getting very choppy at 15 colonists on the default map size. People who are willing to deal with much more lag than I am say it gets almost unplayable (i.e. single digit fps) once you go above 30 or 40 colonists. There is an inevitable point at which lag will take over any colony management game, but DF manages to do just fine with many more dwarves navigating a much more complicated base, since one of the features noticeably lacking (but without too much impact on your enjoyment of the game) is a third dimension.There's a great modding scene which provides all sorts of things, from nice visual blocks (ceiling lamps) to gameplay tweaks (richer and more frequent traders) to custom races and other much more complicated things.All in all, despite its very clear flaws, RimWorld is an entertaining game which will keep you busy for quite a while: even though I'm currently frustrated with the game due to the lag death of my latest and most promising colony, I still clocked almost 50 hours in my first two weeks with the game, which is about all the time I had available given work and other commitments. You'll almost certainly get the value of your money back, and for all its technical problems it still feels like one of the more complete early access games I've played."
,Recommended,294100,31910629,Posted: 22 May,all,MomoLikesPizza,"- Started colony with 5 pawns, and gained 4 in no time- My chef didn't want to work for the first few days- Decided to suddenly make 100 simple meals- Did nothing except for make meals whilst the rest made the colony- Pet cow Bessie becomes best friends with the Chef- Chef gets depressed since the girl he loved didn't love him- Goes on a psychotic rage and kills his best friend Bessie the Cow- Arrest him for murder of one of our most prized colonists- Few days later we began to mine to gain more solar panels- Our doctor and medic goes to the stockpile and the cave collapses on her- No one wants to tend to her wounds, even through forcing them- Bleeds out and dies, leader of the colony gets depressed because wife died- Our next two in line, both have 3 medicine...- A band of crazy squirrels attack the village and injure one of the new doctors- She has a broken jaw and we need to perform surgery- Our final doctor has terrible medicine, fails the surgery and she bleeds out to death- Didn't realise but final doctor has a disease, dies...- The rest of the colony dies out, FeelsBadMan- 10/10 would make sure not to ♥♥♥♥ with squirrels again!"
,Recommended,294100,24510743,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Stormknight,"Straight up, I was put off buying this because the graphics don't look that great.A few days ago, after a few drinks, I was checking my steam queue, spotted it and thought I'd give it a try - I can always refund, right?I've now played it for 28 hours in the last 3 days... DAMN! This is a really fun game, with depth, but it doesn't get massively time consuming in the resource management category.So ... my first game - this is the story of Mike, Inumi & Dave & Trixie, who is Dave's pet dog. They're the suriving crew who have crashed on a planet and need to survive.Well, other than Mike & Dave arguing over Inumi, who isn't interested in either of them, which makes them both sad, it's going ok. They even have a rifle, which Dave knows how to use.Inumi is a nudist, so prefers to run around with no clothers on. I'm not sure this is helping the community, but she's good with plants and has researched how to do stone-cutting.Mike is a vet. He's great with animals and medicine. Luckily for Dave, after he gets badly wounded by taking on a pirate raider, people are just another animal, so Mike is able to patch him up well. Oh, except for his right arm, they was shot off during the fight.Dave? He's a sherriff. Doesn't like people or fancy things, just wants to get his job done. Trickier now he only has one arm, but not impossible. He loves his pet dog, Trixie, or rather he did. She got killed in the crossfire with the raider attack. This makes Dave even more sad.Whilst I was worrying about Dave, I took my eye off what the other two were doing and then realised Trixie's corpse was gone. Huh, odd. I'm pleasantly surprised that the food situation isn't as bad as I thought though. Then I spot the ""Yorky leather"" in the stockpile. Inumi is a bit of a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥ tbh.But it's ok, another lifepod has crashed near our survivor's base and, on investigating it, it contains Dave's mother! She's wounded, but Dave carries her back to the base and Mike uses his vet skills to help Dave's mum recover.On only a few hours, Dave's mum is feeling better and gets up from the bed he loaned her. Dave is still fast asleep on the cold floor, having not got a spare bed. Dave's mum though? She goes and eats the Yorky stew for breakfast and then heads to the stockpile and helps herself to clothes and a gun, then leaves out the front door.Mike & Inumi are kinda upset, but Dave goes to deal with it. After all, he's the sherriff and, it's his mum.His mum is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about being called out and draws a knife and starts stabbing Dave. I can see why he left home now! Dave panics, and blows his mum's head off with his shotgun.This makes Dave even more sad, like really, really sad.He gets back to the base, to discover that Mike & Inumi have been chatting each other up while he dealt with killing and burying his mother. Mike & Inumi are now lovers they tell him.Dave didn't think he could get more sad. He was wrong.Still, at least Inumi has a present for him ... a nice Yorky skin cowboy hat.Dave snaps.I'm now running a single-person base, populated by a guy who is going to starve to death because is massively sad & guilty and won't come out of his room. Also he can't cook.----------This game comes up with some great and flawed characters and plays the interactions against each other beautifully.Very much recommended! :D"
,Recommended,294100,24696303,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FlamingYeti,"I think the best way of describing RimWorld is Prison Architect with more going on and less control. If this game appeals to you solely through that sentence, buy it. You'll love it. If not, then let me go into more detail.First, let's take the assumption you have seen what Prison Architect is, a top-down view with people wandering around and surviving in a realistic way, you overseeing them. This game stays true to that, just with many more hurdles.Think of it as doing a 200m Hurdle Dash. Except there is a hurdle every three steps. You could get over most of them, but a lot of them you're going to stumble through, until eventually you trip up. That is this game. Struggling through an onslaught of challenges, just making it through, until one gets you.There is room for improvement. Tutorial is non-existent, luckily I am a souper-jenius and managed to understand it from messing around, but it could require some learning to get started.The game is viartually bug-free. Which is a bonus.I'm struggling for bad points, but it's really just the Anti-Beginner Missiles. Lots of people compare it to Dwarf Fortress. I am not one of these people."
76561198022160104,Recommended,294100,32217482,Posted: 6 June,all,Lifebinder,"As a programmer myself, i can say that the best thing about this game is the way it is developed. Regular small updates and fixes in between big updates that make the game more complex yet seemlessly fit into the mechanics. I really hope this gets to dwarf fortress status."
,Recommended,294100,29841816,Posted: 11 February,all,「SUNBOAT」,"My favourite activity to do in this game is to mine into a mountain near, or in my base. Create a very small wing in the farthest area, and put colonists that have drug addictions in there, one at a time. Of course, I give them a handfull of rations, a hydroponics tray, lights, bed, TV, and sculpting desk. Steel included, and furnish the pad. Claiming the bed as their own, I lock them behind five doors. I check on them every once in awhile, to see how they're doing. Slowly they drive themselves mad, screaming and banging on the door to be let out just to get one more hit of yayo, wakemeup, flake, or booze. By the end, they've changed. Like lobotomized patients, they leave once clean. Their hell's over. But everytime they look at the drug, they run the risk of going back in this ""decontamination"" room I made. A person named ""Ceti"" is a prime example. My place has wakemeup all over it, and, unfortunately, my favourite cultist, Levi. Is a hardcore addict of it. He NEEDS this stuff to do his godly work of research, construction, and gun-fu. But Ceti here has a chemical fascination. Every ♥♥♥♥ing night he'd go berserk because he couldn't get more Yayo, so he relied on taking Levi's wakemeup. This proved a terrible move, as every night I'd see him wasting all of my ♥♥♥♥ing drugs on overdosing himself, while levi had a strict schedule. Ceti didn't follow his. The poor ♥♥♥♥. He got locked up in my decon room. He loved it at first, a great isolated place to himself. But he quickly learned, the hydroponics tray wasn't for drugs. Oh, no. It was for cotton, for him to be a valuable member of the colony and to help grow some clothing fibres. He started to binge out on food to cope with his crippling addiction to drugs. This proved a terrible move, as he slowly fattened himself up, and then slowly starved himself as a result. The crippling pain was intense, as his only things to do were sleep, watch TV, or make grand sculptures from steel. But, he made it. Malnourished to nearly fatal levels. His drug addiction got cleared. Just as he hit the floor with his bones showing. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lived, but the next day.. He got angry because ""Oh, why is levi's room better than mine!"" and the first thing he does..? Get back on wakemeup.Poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ won't make it out this time. Freeloaders get the Decon room. Get those nasty lazy thoughts out, fill them with productive, happy thoughts. Lazy trash."
,Recommended,294100,27982646,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Romenics,"Best top-down 2D colony management game. I played it a lot before it came to Steam, but now, with the Steam Workshop it even more convenient to get a mods which makes the game much better.PositivesVarious factors which affect colonist mood.Complex medical, surgery and damage system.Very good and atmospheric music.Pleasant graphics and smooth animations.Interesting game universe, combination of sci-fi and western. I prefer sci-fi setting much more instead of regular medieval setting like in Dwarf Fortress.Steam Workshop and  lot of complex mods which improves the game significantly, and actually which makes the game great and not boring to play for a long time.NegativesLack of multiplayer. The game created on Unity Engine which is extremely flexible and allows to create multiplayer game easily, but for some reason author don't plan do it. With multiplayer this game will be even better, because there is no other ""DF like games"" with multiplayer."
,Recommended,294100,25781551,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Definitely NOT Russian Marci,"Been playing my latest game for about 200 ingame days, everything was fine, then a toxic fallout came for about 2 weeks, all animals died, i ran out of food and all i had was 2 raider corpses. Ate them, then fallout stopped the next day, morale was low. Animals started to reappear and i started getting food, then few days later BOOOM SIEGE! I panicked and started deconstructing everything to build a spaceship, colonists tried to mine compacted steel near the siege camp and by the time i realized they were all dead or kidnapped except for 1 man. I was like ok i can handle this alone, kept building the ship but the guy got crazy cause all his friends and his wife were dead. He decided to start burning up the house. My game died with him."
,Recommended,294100,24434026,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Wiggins,"Been waiting a long time for this to come to Steam, and it's finally here!  Don't let the ""Early Access"" label scare you away on this one.  There is plenty of content and replay value.  The game is both brutal and fun, simultaneously dark and humorous...and addictive as hell!  There is a learning curve, but that's part of the fun."
,Recommended,294100,31949147,Posted: 25 May,all,JET FUEL CAN'T MELT DANK MEMES,"I've backed a lot of early access games and regretted it.  This is not one of them.  The developers are constantly tweaking/rebalancing/adding features to the game.  Rock on Tynan, can't wait to see what you develop next"
,Recommended,294100,25960673,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Alessondria,"Jen was a good person. She was one of the 3 to make it off the ship, her father being another. In fact Jen and her Dad were a good hunting team. The colony needed food and we saw a bear so Jen and her Dad went out fearlessly. Jen knew her Dad was a better shot so she lured the bear out and danced around only getting a few scratches. On the way home we saw raiders getting ready to assult us. Two with guns and one with a club. Jen, even though she was wounded, bravely took up arms to defend the others. Again she was hurt in the assult and so was nearly everyone else. It was not battle that took her brave life, it was infection. Got in her blood and she died in the night. I'd like to say she was peaceful but truth is she was in a lot of pain. So in honor of such a horrible loss, we built her a tomb. Jen was in charge of tending the fields and she loved it. She was always chipper and happy without a care in the world. So brave. As a memorial Jen's Dad agreed to take over her fields. But its not going to be the same without her.October 9, 2016 - October 10, 2016... Beloved daughter, survivor and friend. I'm sad now. She seriously wasn't ""GOOD"" but she really made the colony a better place."
76561198037951927,Recommended,294100,31840044,Posted: 19 May,all,Tzion,"By far the most amazing survival base building game i have seen. This game is very fun. The graphics may not look the best in the world, but it's a complex intelligent never boring game. There's random events, tons of them.  There are also tons of random things that can happen to your people in your colony, a rabid rabbit can bite you and infect a person, and if you don't send them to eat and heal up and bed they can develop an infection that literally kills them.One of the good things about this game is you can click random many times to try to find a character around your age, with some skills and then name him anything.  I often name 1 guy by my first name, and then play. It's interesting to see couples hook up too and trying to keep them alive. You will get attached to people and when they get hurt or die it will affect you emotionally while playing.  It's not easy to keep everyone alive. I don't recommend naming several people after people you know and care for, because keeping them all healthy and alive is rough as can be.One thing that I really wish the Devs would add to this game is an ""age"" of gameplay beyond the planet.Once you build a space ship, and amass everything and lift off, you crash land into another planet. :/I wish you they would make it so you can colonize another planet on your own, or build in space!  It kinda feels ironic that soon as you survive a world and lift off you crash land all over again lol.  But this is many many hours into the game. Sometimes what i like to do is also build a colony and travel around on the planet moving the base. It takes HOURS of game play to do this but it's so fun.This is like a super advanced and space futuristic Organ Trail game.  Remember that game in the super early 80's on a crappy Apple Computer lol. Before Apple was even a big thing.  Yeah, this is gonna be like that only instead of shooting squirrels you can't hit with ammo running low, you can use space lazers, rifles, machine guns, and sometimes the squirrel is rabid and fights back lol.EPIC Game!   9/10 on game play.10/10 on Time consuming.10/10 on Emotionally getting attached to your colony people.9/10 on controls."
76561198021191657,Recommended,294100,24513741,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,narud300,"Started a colony with a guy named Frank. Had him for a long time and somehow went completely unscathed through countless battles. I thought to myself, ""Wow! This guy is superman!"". Next fight: loses both of his arms. Somehow he is still able to do research for me, so I decide to keep him around. After about a year in game I give him 2 bionic arms. A while later there is a massive raid that kills one of his best friends and his wife. Completely depressed, he continually goes berserk and keeps putting my other colonists in the hospital (those bionic arms helped him with that). I end up having to euthanize him. As one of my doctors kneels by his bed after his latest berserk rampage that needed to be stopped with a shotgun to his face, they have a farewell chat and then the doctor ends his life. I now have a shrine built to him in the center of my colony. He will always be remembered.On a more technical note, the storytelling AI is a genius feature that I have never seen in another game. You really get the impression while playing this game that there is a story that the AI is taking you through. It controls the stream of events your colony experiences to create a certain experience for you. I don't know exactly what is happening behind the scenes, but it really does feel that it is doing much more then simply sending you random events depending on the size of your colony.If you have any interest in colony/town simulation games, then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,294100,25486424,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Fry The Brain,"Up there with Factorio in the sense of replayability and joy. Has totally altered the way I think and do things, even in day to day life. Priorities, my friends, priorities; unfortunately that priority is playing Rimworld. This is a game about colonizing, so that means there is a lot of work to be done. Lucky for you, there are colonists that are there at your beck and call in order to fulfill that long lost dream of living and building your very own colony. Far... Far... Away."
76561197971713672,Recommended,294100,30885101,Posted: 1 April,all,SAFry,"My policy on games is that they should entertain for at least 1 hour per £1 I pay. This one is 60 hours for £20 and it's still in Alpha so it's getting a thumbs up.Just downloading a few mods now, been a while since a game broke 200 hours for me, could this be the one? Maybe..."
,Recommended,294100,24337881,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Daddy Mumford,An early acess game you'll be proud to own.
76561198007333119,Recommended,294100,25718136,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Man_On_A_Toilet,"Don't be fooled by Early Access, this game is very much playable and fun!  It's similar to prison architect from a construction and control point of view, but has a lot more freedoms in the game and is much harder.  If you like sandbox games or enjoyed PA you should get this game."
,Recommended,294100,30436694,Posted: 10 March,all,☆,Capture RaidersHarvest their organs10/10 will harvest organs againOK lets be serious here..what i like about this game?+ Non-linear gameplay (make up your own stories!!)+ Replayability+ Time-killer+ unavoidable raids+ Hen lays egg+ cow produces milk+ Alcoholic pet dog drinks itself to deathJUST PLAY IT ALREADY!!
76561198040290679,Recommended,294100,31322010,Posted: 23 April,all,Jordan 364,A rabbit went mad and literally killed my entire colony. A RABBIT!! I cannot get enough of this game.
76561197989626101,Recommended,294100,24409858,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Tuskan,"Wow,  Wellwhat a little gem.Im getting older,  38 now,  and have less and less time and more and more responsibilty.    i keep buying games and hoping.I truly love RimWorld and have be really supprised by it.fantastic!"
,Recommended,294100,34927861,Posted: 13 September,all,Axiluvia,"Yesterday, I hit around 201 hours of this game. Curious, I wanted to see when I had bought it, knowing I had done so fairly recently. It had been exactly 30 days....This is what an early access game should feel like. Yeah, it could use more fluff and content, but the bare bones are there, and it's strong! And there's still enough fluff to keep you interested. Sure there could be some more tweaks (like not have 90% of the maneating animals be herbivores, and more then 3 pack animals, and animal bionics, etc) but there's still a hell of a lot here.There's a lot of stories to be built in this game, and my husband agrees that listening to the stories you tell of the games is interesting as well. I could tell the story of Diane, a colonist who singlehandedly fended off a pack of maneating squirrels with her longsword, but got her ear bitten off for her trouble, or Princess, a raider turned negotiator for the colony, who had her spine shattered from a bullet from another colonist's mother... or of the time we had a pack of man-eating elephants come through during one of the worst cold snaps the colony had had (""Damn, it's freezing, you can't see  10 feet in front of you because of the snow... was that one of the muffalo? ... HOLY S*&T WHAT IS A PACK OF ELEPHANTS DOING HERE?!"").But honestly, you should get this and make your own stories. Just watch out for the man-eating cabybara."
,Recommended,294100,25508902,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,courtnutty,"*Start my colony of all cannibals because I don't want to run out of food.*Raid pretty early on, kill 2 people, capture one.*Butcher the two I killed and try to recruit the one I captured, he has a 98% difficulty to recruit.*Realize my guard is bad at being a guard because he had his jaw shot off, so I make a new guard to try and recruit.*Everyone is sleeping, prison break.*Prisoner doesn't try to leave right away, tries to ruin my buildings, get ahold of a gun.*Draft all of my colonists to recapture prisoner, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this point.*Recapture prisoner, set up surgery to amputate both of his legs, and for added doctor points give him dentures.*Surgery is successful.*Prisoner can walk again, still not wanting to join my colony.*I remove his peg leg. He has one peg leg. He cannot walk, and he will not leave until he joins my colony.*Finally decides to join, ""X Needs rescue""*Rescue the new-founded colonist, give him his right peg leg back and name him Slave.*He is forever a hauler and cleaner, plus he's a good shooter!*I don't care if they can't haul 75 units anymore, all prisoners get their legs amputated and not returned to them until they join me.*So it goes."
,Recommended,294100,34230796,Posted: 14 August,all,Wicked Wonder,"Rimworld is a survival base builder. It's one of those game's where each play through would be quite different than the last one.It's quite addictive in its base building, resource management and invader defence mechanics.Even though still in early access it's  highly polished. The game runs smooth given the amount of calculations it has to make. I run around 30+ mods with almost no frame drops.Current content in vanilla game is very satisfactory but can be expanded further with hundreds of awesome community mods available in workshop.The game has a lot of future potential, so a must buy for any survival sandbox lovers."
76561197999414576,Recommended,294100,24776087,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Custombark,"Overall amazing game, could use more balance. I once tried to give someone a bionic arm. The surgen must have had a few small complications cause at the end of the surgery arm was missing, liver was  removed, heart and legs had surgecial cuts. Need to teach surgeon head, shoulder, knees, and toes song next time."
,Recommended,294100,31534014,Posted: 3 May,all,The Yellow Dart,This game is great -- Think prison architect but more scifi.  I bought the name a character DLC but never really saw my extra so I would say buy just the base game.
,Recommended,294100,24383796,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dume Phist,"Settler woman joins the settlement randomly of her own accord.In a relationship with a man in the colony before she even reaches the colony. Obviously the kind of girl that gets what she wants.They build a room together.They build a double bed to sleep together.Before they get to sleep together, man gets mauled by bear.Settler with a shotgun runs to help.♥♥♥♥ that shotgun. Gonna punch that damn bear.Fists not furious enough to prevent woman's boy toy from being bear chow.Woman builds a sarcophagus with wonderful artwork on it picturing her man fishing. Also floating dead buffalo. Man liked dead buffalos.Woman sleeps alone at night.4 people left and a captured injured man from earlier who's restrained in a bed.Tear down metal outer walls and order people to replace them with wood because we need the metal.Tear down walls then get tired and go to bed.4 raiders attack through holes in walls while everybody sleeps.3 settlers move to defend.The bear puncher gets wounded. The other 2 die.Lonely woman is incapable of violence, so she runs to where the prisoner is kept.Torturer carries off bear puncher. Dude was big. The torturer probably works out.Lonely woman is now very lonely woman.Stuck with very lonely woman and tied up prisoner and neither are capable of violence, hunting, or farming.Looks like the end Scroteville.10/10 would never punch bears again."
,Recommended,294100,25235347,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,müdetale,I understand why Dwarf Fortress makes people cream their jeans now.
,Recommended,294100,24454187,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Commissar Wheasal,"It was going so well. Fall was coming to an end and we had a larder filled with food that would last the winter. We were set. We might even have gotten one more quick harvest before the cold killed all our crops. Then the raid came.I set up a defensive line and focused on killing the raiders that were attacking... I'm sure there were six of them... why are there only three here?Oh.OHHHHHH.The other three had gone around my defensive line and were in the process of lighting massive fires all over my farmland. They shot and kidnapped one of my pacafist colonists and left. The fire however raged on, and spread from the crops to the larder. Months of work up in smoke. No Food.Fire extinguished we set about salvaging what we could. A barely grown harvest, and the only source of meat we could find on short notice. The dead raiders. With only a handful of meals could we survive the winter? No.Shortly after the cold set in a rogue herd of boomalopes entered the area hungry for manflesh. Maneating Boomalopes are a bit like maneating Antelopes, except when they die they also explode. Hense the boom. They can't open doors though.I locked my colonists inside, and hoped the threat would pass. They'd get bored and move on. But the Boomalopes could smell our desperation and lack of food reserves. They could wait. By midwinter the temperatures outside were -10 degrees and the food was gone. We needed to get outside. We needed food.With little option my best fighter stuck her head out the door and shoot a boomalope, hopeing to wound or kill the beast. It mearly drew its ire. It charged headlong at the door, was shot at mellee range, died, and exploded. The explosion blew the door off. The herd had found a way in.My colony burned a 2nd time, as rampant boomalopes flew towards me and exploded, lighting fires all over my base. My hunter was in bed desperatly trying to recover from explosion related injuries while my other two survivors were putting out fires.Then the raiders came. again. They shot my two remaining survivors (one died outright, the other they left bleeding in a corner) and they kidnapped my hunter who was dying in bed. The Boomalope fires had destroyed most of the roof, and as my final colonist lay bleeding, it would turn out hyperthermia would be her eventual death, in that frigid winter of death.I had lost, and losing was fun."
,Recommended,294100,24413214,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sgt.StabStabs,Thats the 3rd night in a row ive been kept up till 6amI dont even like stupid building gamesruined my life10/10
76561198077919594,Recommended,294100,26089153,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lowievisser,"My wife , kids , boss and friends hate this game. Should say enough.I got this game 1,5 weeks ago , already thicking 63hours."
,Recommended,294100,26313961,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,@cat,"One of the great games which worths paying for full price.Bought the game on the first day released on Steam, start playing since A14. Donno what to do when I first playing the game after they added a tutorial on A15. After that still lots to learn, I search every wiki and walkthrough, tried lots of map, dead loads of time. um...few months passed, I still put all my time non stop playing Rimworld everyday...Your friends and family may gonna hate this game...I also a big fanz or Prison Architect but they are nothing similar. Both are so fun to learn how to play and build better bases to live/survive. I love it still on early access cos they keep updates every few months. Recommend to all who loves simulation and sandbox games. And...dont keep loads of animal/pet in your colony..."
76561197993167023,Recommended,294100,25847758,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lamont Cranston,"Obviously I have become addicted to this game, much like my entire colony's psychite addiction. I managed to tame a male and  a female panther, now i have like 30 panthers trained to maul any raiders.   I also had about 30 cats which i had to sell to a trade group because they were eating all the raw meat. My most profound moment, tear to my eye, was when the pet elephant was trained to haul items.   Finally researched some serious stuff, like making components, and drilling for steel, thats when it gets interesting.   The last raid (about 10 dudes) was completely obliterated by my new mortars.  It took me many tries and the learning curve was very steep, but the last colony i built has been going strong for a long time. Key: make sure you start making stone bricks and replace all your wooden structures because its just gonna burn down. And put batteries inside.   Enjoy."
76561198061877858,Recommended,294100,24384188,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,VictorianCowboy,"This game is glorious and heartrenching at the same time. Excellent way to forge stories!In my first game, my group of survivors had crashlanded in a grassy, open plain. Their lovely fuzzball of a Husky survived, bonding nicely with the oldest member of my motley crew who had lost much in the crash. Three weeks in, the bandits attacked. It was the husky that saw them first, and bounded into action. The others quickly noticed something awry, and grabbed the few weapons that were at hand, charging after the valiant pup. Sadly, in the panic, the failed to shoot straight, and our noble canine took a serious thrust of a spear before the raider fell in a hail of poorly aimed bullets. We had no way to treat the pup, and with a heavy heart, her companion, trainer, and friend, through tears, had to end her suffering.She was a good dog.NEVER FORGET, ALWAYS REMEMBER!Excellent game for forging stories, would highly recommend!"
76561198123256813,Recommended,294100,29513981,Posted: 26 January,all,DUONG CENA,"I was not sure if this game was worth the 30 bucks, well, the amount of hours I've played and enjoyed, I say it was well worth it. There is so much into this game that will make you loose track of time.It did not take long for me to get the basics down, and I was doing pretty well too. Watching some tutorials will definitely help you, and after that, you'll have an amazing time building and maintaining your colony. There is so much content to this game, it's amazing that there is more content to be added!There are castastrophic events that you would have to deal with, such as raids, toxic ship, etc. And there are good and crazy ones too, like getting invaded by 30 muffalos, and boy did we stay comfy throughout the whole winter season! Also having to raise chickens was a crazy experience, I created a farm for my chickens and later they laid eggs that hatched to chicks, worst mistake of my life to create a farm for them because I had over 100 chickens and my food supply was diminishing lol. I'm not doing that again...I really recommend this game, every colony has its own story, and there's so much to it that will keep you playing continuously and entertained!"
76561198005916761,Recommended,294100,35076380,Posted: 19 September,all,cosmoracer,An Early Access Game for $30???I'm like good thing I am bored and have cash to burn.I play it for 1 hour and I am thiking not a fun game.I play it for 3 hours and I am like this is fun but confusing.3 hours of Wiki later I am starting to get it...30 hours of play in 5 days and I am like - ok - best single player game ever.I gotta slow down or I am going to loose my mind.Once you figure out the extensive game mechanics and layers its really a masterpiece.
,Recommended,294100,29328885,Posted: 17 January,all,ThePixey,"I personally think that Rimworld is a great game. It takes a more indepth approach to the colony and/or city simulator, not in comparison to dwarf fortress but in the genere it is in a different league than the sims or banished. Instead of giving you a boring population that is without traits and addresses tasks and goals given by you or the game, you are given individual colonists with a large reliance on efficiency, and are governed completely by you (if you want to go through the work to micro your colonists). You have the opportunity to create/generate characters prior to entering your custom or preset scenario. Once you begin gameplay you adress colonial needs and assign priorities and jobs to your various colonists that all of individual skills that better suit different tasks.Throughout the growth of your colony you will be presented with challenges and opposition wether by hunger, weather, space pirates, aggressive tribes, or mystical space robots with sword arms. provided your colony survives long enough, you will eventually have the opportunity to begin mechanizing your colony with prosthetics and implants through research and commerce. The world is generated prior to entering your first colony with a map of the entire artificial world covering either 30%, 50% or, 100% of the planet. The world is divided into hexagonal territories which, for some odd reason are square in colony view, are uniquely generated every single time a new initial save is created peppered with friendly, neutral and hostile factions and settlments.Positives-Detailed-Challenging-Several methods of playing-Challenges are presented based on narrator (for lack of a better term)-Infite possibilities-Randomly generated landscapes and world-Personalization of colonists and pets-Complex disease, injury, and addiction systems. (i once saw a turtle kill a bear by biting its eye and giving it an infection, turtle still died. RIP Lawrence)-Stil in development-ModdableCons-It can be really hard-AI narrators will punish relentlessly-Hard to create colonists that are effective without negetive affect on the colony or themselves (not really a ""con"" it keeps the game balanced but some may not like it)-Still in development-Costs moneyTl;dr: Hard colony sim, lots of customizability and funny/infuriating gameplay, still in development, comparable to dwarf fortress."
,Recommended,294100,24337932,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,leon,"One of the best games around, what's more to say? Been waiting for this game to come to Steam for such a long time and now it's finally here."
,Recommended,294100,33939278,Posted: 31 July,all,MechMK1,"About RimWorldRimWorld is a self-proclaimed ""A sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller"".It is a god-game in which you take care of a group of colonists, give them orders and ensure their well-being.Throughout the game, the storyteller will trigger random events - some good, some bad - to keep you on your toes.The GameplaySimilar to other god-games, RimWorld is a rather indirect experience. Most of the time, you will plan strategies, issue orders and check up on everyone to see if they have any needs.Progress manifests through a larger base, more technologies and better weaponry. Depending on your scenario, you will begin with bow and arrow or simple bolt-action rifles, and end up with power-armor and rocket launchers.The GoalIn the default setting, the goal is for you to repair a spaceship found somewhere on the planet, repair it and flee said planet.To be honest, this goal is more of a pro-forma goal, as I personally believe the goal is just to build a base and enjoy yourself.The AIThe description of the game mentions ""an intelligent AI storyteller"". What this means is you can choose between three different storytellers as of version A17.These storytellers have varying ""personalities"", which events trigger how often. The ""classical"" storyteller is designed to provide a steadily increasing challenge, the ""relaxed"" storyteller is aimed to provide a more laid-back experience (my personal favourite), while ""random"" storyteller is - you guessed it - more random.In addition to choosing which storyteller you like, you can also set a difficulty, which affects how much of a curveball they are going to throw you. If you're unlucky, one of your colonists might have a heart attack while a generator explodes, igniting your warehouse in which you store your highly volatile chemical fuel, all while a group of heavily armed raiders land in rocket pods and promptly begin murdering everyone in sight. But hey, at least sometimes a squirrel tames itself.Beginner-friendlinessI personally did not have a problem with understanding the game's core mechanics. The in-game tutorial does a great job at explaining the gameplay basics and the controls and after an hour or two of playing around, you'll get the hang of it. I should mention that the game does have a very active subreddit (/r/RimWorld) and a somewhat extensive wiki, which are great sources for additional knowledge.All in all, I consider this game to be easy to pick up, if you do not go overboard in the beginning and settle in the middle of an ice desert on extreme difficulty on your first run.ModsEven though the game is in early access, the game has excellent modding support. After several hours of playthrough, I did install a few mods, which just extended the game in a way I enjoyed it. One mod, for instance, allowed me to create prosthetics myself (in the vanilla game, anything more complex than a peg leg needs to be purchased from exotic goods vendors, if they have them available). Another allowed me to set up a temporary camp instead of a permanent settlement, which I enjoyed.Will I have fun with this game?If you can have fun with a game that does not provide explosions and action 100% of the time, then you can have fun with RimWorld. The game is easy to pick up, yet has a surprizing amount of depth and complexity once you get into it, that you can easily sink whole days into it. I mean, in which other game do you hear questions like ""Is it feasable to create an organ farm or should I sell my slaves directly?"" or ""How can I stop my drug-addicted cook from killing his wife?""?"
,Recommended,294100,34395268,Posted: 21 August,all,G.Kothe,"I have played a lot of different games through my life, gamming probably since 2000. From finishing Quake 1 demo lots of time to spend countless hours trying to conquer medieval europe ( total war)So after 17 years  or more of gaming, you know when you come across something special.And damn it..This is something VERY special!Probably among the best games I ever played.  The amount of content, stuff going on and stuff that you can do is absurd, even more with mods.This game in early acess, its already more complete than a LOT of games out there.Btw: if you are looking to loose wheight, this is a great game. I actually forgot to have dinner last night, lol."
,Recommended,294100,34647262,Posted: 31 August,all,angel ♡,"one of the best game I have ever played. very complex, very strategic, and very in depth. though once you grab the concept and strategies down, the game is brilliant."
,Recommended,294100,25550420,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Foxminer87,"The best way to review a story driven survival colony game, Is to tell you a story.3 survivors of an unknown accident, crash land on a random planet.Unknowing how to play the game, progress was slow, but eventually we had a cosy little settlement.3 beds, table, heat, light and stove. Everyone was happy.This is when S### hit the fan. I misjudged how big my farm needed to be, so hunting was the only way to keep the colony going. Raider attacks, eclipses and shared living was starting to take its toll.The final straw was when the food ran out and Earl (My hunter) couldn't catch anything. Tim (My handyman) had a mental breakdown. And Earl's Son (Ivo) was injured in a gunfight.A few weeks later, my colony was up to 5 people and 1 prisoner (which i took pity on). I accidently sent Ivo out hunting on his own to fight a Grizzly. Earl came to the rescue, but it was too late.Ivo was alive but very badly wounded, Earl was worse off as his arm was completely ripped off. And to top it all off, i ran out of medical supplies and Earl is the only trained doctor i have.The next day, Ivo's wounds got infected. Earl decided not to amputate his arms as there was no medicine.But then a trader came by and sold some medicine, Earl gave it to Ivo and he started to recover, but it was too late. Ivo died 1 hour later.The depression, the lack of food, the occasional cannibalism and winter was setting in. My colony was doomed, but with every great story there came a twist.A cargo pod just came out of nowhere filled medical supplies. The farm finally yelded a decent amount of crops. Also a trader came by and sold me a bionic arm which was then attached to Earl during a extensive operation.2 escape pods landed on the planet only a few days later, It was Roslyn and Masaru, Earl's wife and other Son.That is were my story must end. As there is yet so much more to see and do.10/10 Would decimate the Turkey population again.UPDATE: A lot of things have changed since this review. My colony now has 15 colonists. A nearby mine shaft got infested with alien insect thingys. 2 colonists got married but it rained during the ceremony. Raiders continue to get tougher each day, luckily my turrets and perimeter wall are still holding up. 90% of the buildings in the colony are made out of Plasteel. A huge statue was erected in memory of Ivo. And Earl celebrated his 60th birthday, with all the research complete, he can enjoy a happy retirement."
76561198080633948,Recommended,294100,24526526,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,trentonlf,"After 19 hours I can say this game is pretty awesome. I would ignore the EA tag as this game fells like anything but an EA title. There are 3 different scenarios to choose from: the standard of 3 people crashing on a planet and trying to survive, the rich explorer on his own looking for adventure, or 5 surviving tribe members trying to rebuild after a catastrophe. If none of those tickle your fancy they have added an editor and you can make up your own scenario (it is pretty epic what you can do).Once you get everthing set up then you choose a map size and a location on a planet. Make sure to pay attention to the times you can grow crops, you don't want to be stuck somewhere you can only grow crops for a limited amount of time, and also pay attention to the average temps as some people like certain temperatures. After you selcect your planet is when you get to pick your crew of people. I suggest trying to find people without any injuries (scars included), and make sure to be diversified in the peoples abilites. It's funny some of the quirks these peopel have :)Launch your game and immediately pause so you can scope it out, plan how you want to build and set your people to working. I recommend watching some videos before hand as there is a learning curve, but once you get the basics down it's a ton of fun.I can see me investing a lot more time into this one for sure. Good luck and have fun!!"
,Recommended,294100,29893067,Posted: 12 February,all,τobι,"i design a prison where i can release the prisoners in a hall, once i release them (prisoners with no equipment... naked) the prisoners would then rush for the open exit, i send 1 guy with a machine gun to where he released them and shoot the prisoners as they escape. i set up a ""finish line"" using carpets and those who reach the line- i spare. only the strong lives in this world. *evil laugh*"
76561198046622830,Recommended,294100,24344725,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Solaria,"I have always loved this game and its contunual updates.  I love to see that this has finally made it to steam.  If you are on the fence about it, watch some game reviews.  This game starts off very basic.  It may look simple, but it is extremely complex.  That being said, it is on a learning curve that you will pick up swiftly.  The different biomes provide different challenges, so this game is never static.  It has a little bit of everything that you need in a Basebuilding game - farming/combat/management.The goal is to survive on a planet, build your spaceship again, and GTFO.  Can you survive?"
76561197982859750,Recommended,294100,31360630,Posted: 25 April,all,AmaNiTus,More addictive than flake and yayo combined.
,Recommended,294100,33804501,Posted: 26 July,all,Z~,"There are so many different elements to this game its hard to pin down what 'colony sim' actually means. Its The Sims but in a resource management rts with elements of surivival crafting, farming, trading and diplomacy.Once you complete the tutorial its super easy to get drawn right in. The music really gives it the sci fi western frontier feeling of Firefly. The graphics and UI are exceedingly simple, but consistentent in style. But Rimworld absolutely shines in how many myriad little details are available to draw from for the randomly generated characters and world, resulting in fantastic emergent stories.tl;dr Caught the plague, did cocaine."
76561198083948115,Recommended,294100,32766841,Posted: 25 June,all,AppleWeed,"No words, buy it now. 10/10, just do it."
,Recommended,294100,25464598,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Appareson,"A team of expert scientists crashed on the Rim World. The first of which was Ian. Ian was a Female Botanist but was also a psychopath for some reason. Second was Mishly, our colony leader. She had a high skill in shooting however she was a geologist, which didnt really make sense. Finally, Fox, she was in charge of building and taking care of injured patients, she was a computer scientist, which also didnt make sense. We also had a pet named Genius which really fit the team of expert scientists.We began the constructing the colony, slowly but carefully. I proceeded to create 4 8x8 growing areas of rice, corn, potatos and hay to feed Genius. After 2 days, our colony began to be large enough to be named. I named the colony... Potatoville. After that a colonist named Kim, proceeded to join the colony. She was the MVP, cooking food and collecting resources all night while everybody else was sleeping.Kim saved us from a forseeable food shortage. This all fit her occupation of being a servant. Finally something that made sense. After constructing a powergrid, of 1 solar panel and creating individual bed rooms for each colonist and a workshop/joy section things started to look pretty good.Then a foolish raider named Jonathan appeared. He attempted to take down 2 of my colonists which had a pistol and a rifle. He then fainted. I felt sorry for him has he laid seemingly dead in the front of our main house. I then put him on prisoner status. I made my wardens try to convince him to join the colony. We cured all of his injuries, creating a nice little bed, allowed him to go nude since he was a nudist. Yet it wasnt enough, he still couldnt be convinced to stay. I figured that I would be better off executing him. Middle of the night. Ian, proceeded to murderur Jonathan. I constructed a grave to memorialize Jonathan.RIP Jonathan - Useless Prisoner 2016 - 2016You thought it would end there didnt you? Well everything turned into havoc a day 3 days later. A turtle. This mad turtle... He proceeded to trap 3 of my colonists in my tiny ""research shack"" even though they were all fully armed, they werent able to shot the turtle or hurt it. Mishly tried to shot the turtle, but to no avail. The turtle killed all 3 of my colonists then ran towards Mishly. Genius attempted to protect Mishly, only for both of them to die seconds later. The turtle killed all my colonists.10/10 - Would lose the game to a turtle again.Proof the the Horrifying Event:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107995368/screenshots/"
76561198059256586,Recommended,294100,33145104,Posted: 2 July,all,Messiah87,"This is my go to game for when I just want to sit back and relax for an hour or two.  It's wonderful to be able to just set up a list of things you want your colony to accomplish then sit back and just let it run for a while.This really is a story driven game, but it's not a novel.  Your decisions do still matter.  Set up your colony the way you want it, decide how much you want to micromange in emergencies, figure out how to defend your three surviving colonists when your only hunter is torn apart by a sudden swarm of man eating wargs....  There's just so much replayability in this game that you don't even feel bad when a colony is destroyed.  You can just rebuild it after waiting for new colonists to show up, or you can leave and start a new colony elsewhere.  Every colony is a completely new experience, and if that isn't enough for you, there's mods!  So many mods!This game is a rare gem, proof that early access can work.  That there are truly creative people out there looking for a chance to develop something utterly fantastic and they just need some of the money up front to get started.  After following this game for years, it finally made it to Steam and I couldn't buy it fast enough.  Now, more than 400 hours of play time later, to anyone still sitting on the fence or just finding this, I can only say this.  Buy this game."
,Recommended,294100,24695117,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,InsolentDreams,"Seriously awesome.  This little game even in early access is truly captivating.  I find myself re-starting over and over to see what random things I can encounter.  This game seems to adapt, creatively, to whatever it is you try to do and try to opress your motivations creatively.  It's an amusing game I can't seem to put down.Example Stories:1. Built a mountain bunker with only one tiny ingress point, made some impressive defenses.  I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all my neighbors on purpose, killed every one that came by.  Eventually one of them sent a large group and half of them came and mined their way into the back of my base in two different spots, while a third group setup mortars to destroy me from afar, while a few also rushed my front gates.  That's some impressive and entertaining AI right there, I wasn't even mad at losing like 8 hours worth of effort into my community.2. Built a cute trading village in the woods, pleased all my neighbors the best I could (always one pirate group though, unfortunately), grew lovely crops, trading my way up, had bionic parts for a few of my sims, loving it.  My two main gunmen were recovering from injury from some raging animals and could not fight, only to get raided from enemies.  Barely fought them off with choke points, traps, and running around the map like an idiot as my base was being destroyed and my two fighters were killed.  Only traders/craftsmen left.  Expected to die at the next major raid, but that never happened, instead some insane storm came and blew all my crops away, and since my food storage area / fridge was partially destroyed with a collapsed roof from the raid, the storm blew away most of the food in storage right as winter approached.  Ran out of food in the dead of winter, couldn't afford to buy more via trading, as sim after sim died off, the others turned into canibals eating the dead.  One after one, after eating human flesh my sims all went mad and then died off, some just wandered out into the cold and died, some just sat in their room died of hunger, one set his room on fire and went up in a blaze.I'll add more soon  :P"
76561198000765631,Recommended,294100,35248447,Posted: 27 September,all,Hashshashin,"Well then, this game is a perfect example of why you should never judge a book by the cover. I have seen this game over and over on my feed/lists and just looked at it with a slash mock attitude, then I decided to take the plunge after a freind told me to take a look at it, so I did in the safe knowledge that a refund was on the horizon.So now that I'm addicted to this fine game I thought it only fair after all my bad thoughts to post a review and spread some love. Now if the words, random generated, building, crafting, fighting, trading, natural disasters and an AI that like some of the other games I play wants desperatly to kill you then this games for you.I have started so many games only to get wiped out by rabid critters or mad tribesfolk, sickness or fire, well there's a shedload of things that can kill you or just plain roger you up where the sun don't shine it's epic. If you have sat on the fence or gameplay means more than graphics then buy this you will not be dispointed. From the random settlers you get with thier problems/wants/needs, even down to chemical dependancies or mental issues, to the local critters, this game will suck you in make you feel awesome as a manger/builder tactician then kill you. Then it will mock you and laugh at your pathetic attempts to survive the onslaught and search/explore or leave the world.So buy it, try it, survive it and bless the gods of gaming for this gem, if you don't like it then refund as you have issues much like the settlers you get and I will not tollerate you around my cave any longer, soon as the slavers turn up again your gone.All in all a thumbs up in fact a huge thumbs up this game has so much and in over 100hrs already I have only just scratched the surface. Hermit out."
,Recommended,294100,24636909,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Canman,"This game is phenomenal. I don't think I've ever gotten as lost in my own imagination with a game as I have with Rimworld. My roommate had a hard time understanding how I had become so invested in the world and story represented on screen in the game's Spartan graphics.If I can add anything that's not in previous reviews: don't test drive this game on the easiest mode. The pure base-building mode almost turned me off until I came back and gave it another go on the harder difficulty. The threats are all the fun and give your compulsive building a purpose.Also, beware! This game is unbelievably addicting. When one game can run you 12-30 hours (or more), you should prepare accordingly."
76561198024166156,Recommended,294100,26395088,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Crab Nicholson,"Its definitley not finished as it still has got a long way to go, as its still in Alpha, but if you found Dwarf Fortress too unintuitive or complex, this might be a good alternative."
76561197977132755,Recommended,294100,25430674,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Some Big Jerk,"What do you call a man with no arms and no legs on your front porch, Matt? Nope, in my settlement we call him Itini. Meet Itini, Boss of the Razor gang, who came to regret meeting me.-Itini and five or six others raided my settlement.-They killed my tamed pet wolf Maggie.-They shattered the jaw of my lover Alyona.-They used molotovs to burn half of my crops and set fire to my buildings.-I captured Itini and one of his friends alive.-I healed them of their wounds and bandaged them up.-I Stripped them of clothes and locked them up in a cave I had dug out.-I waited until Itini woke up, then executed his friend in front of him.-I left Itini alone with the corpse until he went mad with hunger and was forced to eat it.-I cut off both of Itini's legs, his one remaining arm and attached two peg legs.-I released the naked Itini to go free on my front porch.10/10 Would meet Itini again."
,Recommended,294100,28639593,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,meatloaf_martyr,Space Cannibalism.Space Organ Harvesters.Space Guns.Space Dogs.Welcome to Space Detroit.
76561198125681160,Recommended,294100,24839426,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,GrapeJuice,I tried to play dwarf fortress and it was really ♥♥♥♥ing confusing (This is what inspired rimworld).So I thought well I'll get rimworld first see what ths genere is like and it's freaking epic.I haven't even started playing mods or harder scenarios and I've alredy been screwed in a million different hillarious ways (I even got killed by a group of space beavers). Yet everytime I die I start again straight away just to see if I can do better next time. The community is great lots of cool mods and great guides to help you out.
,Recommended,294100,24342618,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Fizz,"EDIT: This game gets my “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” award.. for the record. And the badge. Mostly the record.TL;DR -9 out of 10 players would be treated to a good deal of (saltiness, rage, sadness, sadistic pleasure..) when your favorite Colonist gets a permanent brain injury after the very first pistol-wielding raider comes alongagain!If you allow yourself to be immersed in the game, you'll seriously have an amazing time.. or a horrendous one, depending on whether or not you like psychotic squirrels.Well, if it's evidenced by my ~2600 hours I've put into TF2, I've put a good couple hundred of hours into thiswonderfulgame.Ludeon aboveI love this game, and seriously couldn't praise enough in this review.I first started playing around the release of Alpha 7, and had pirated at first due to admittedly not having the money to blow on yet another game. By the time I had the money to blow, Tynan had already announced that buyers would not be getting Steam keys after 'x' date, so I just decided to wing it until the Steam release.'Bout another year later, many alphas, here we are.Take my $30 and my many hundred more hours to come!"
76561198004726008,Recommended,294100,30644209,Posted: 20 March,all,doughema,Great base game super active modding comunity. Near endless hours of game play
,Recommended,294100,24811890,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Jer,"I have never played Dwarf Fortress. I watched people play this for a few days before trying it and even then I was unsure about it. I can't stop playing it. It's possibly one of the most addicting games I've ever played. I've owned it for literally 108 hours and I have played for 58 hours.It is incredibly satisfying and challenging. I am not a big fan of micromanagement but since you can pause the game to issue orders it completely negates the need to focus on tons of stuff at the same time. It is easily the best $30 I've ever spent and that includes donating to charities. This game is so good it could be called ""Complete"" in it's current state and it would still be worth it. The fact that it's in Early Access and we can expect more features in the future is amazing. Plus the modding community is great and will be another huge source of content and features.I have not encountered any bugs (or at least if I did, I didn't notice them). There's only a couple small complaints I have about the game and they're just minor user-friendlyness details.10/10"
,Recommended,294100,24669649,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ZombieCo,I started the game with 3 people. A husband and wife with their daughter and her doggie.I finally figured out how to hollow out a cave and make a living. I named the cave Bates motel. I had our group haul all of our supplies and things were going okay at first...In the beginning everyone slept in the same room. Colonists started having mental breaks because of room sharing and horrible living conditions however. So I moved the daughter out thinking she hated being stuck with her parents in the same room. I figured the 2 in the other room might benefit from a bit o love making perhaps make me some new colonists.... Surprisingly this only made them more erratic and depressed. Especially when I put them in the double queen bed to sleep together.About 2 hours in the main guy snapped and shot the lady I thought was his wife and then shot the daughters dog. Turns out it was his mom and girlfriends dog. After he shot his GF (the 22 Daughter) too I realized my mistake.I had separated them for 2 years. Eventually the GF had broken off the relationship. Apparently the son slowly went mad stuck with the mom night after night when he was supposed to be in the room next door re-populating the colony with his sweetie.He then went psychotic and killed everyone. Afterward he went into the field next door and punched a boomalo until it exploded and injured him. With nobody to rescue him he sat there and died in the field.10/10Would play Psycho sim again.THRILLING.Oh and don't mess with the Alpaca herd. They will !@#$ you up!
,Recommended,294100,30489187,Posted: 13 March,all,Draconicrose,"TL; DR - Amazing game, recommended for fans of micromanagement. Greatest strength is its modability. 100% worth the asking price.Watch my Let's Play RimWorld here.StoryThis game has no story, beyond the simple seeds given to you at the start, depending to the scenario. In the most traditional scenario, you start your game with three people crash-landing in on a planet on the rim of inhabitable space. Your ""objective"", which you are in no way obligated to pursue, is to build a spaceship that will allow you to get off the planet.Emergent storytelling is the name of the game. Your people, pawns, have 'unique' personalities which interact with each other and the game mechanics in a way that creates chaos or peace, success or failure. No two playthroughs will be unique.GraphicsRimWorld has simplistic 2D graphics which are nonetheless thematic and charming. The art style seems mostly consistent and there's nothing that seems to be out of place. Despite the simplicity of the graphics, the movement and interactions of the pawns with their environment invokes the same idle interest as watching an ant farm.GameplayIn the vanilla game, gameplay is mostly tight, with some elements being clunky. For example, commanding several pawns at once in combat, or expanding zones, have seemingly simple and straightforward interfaces but both offer features that take experience to discover, as they are not obvious.Most of the game will be spent interacting with the tabs Architect, Work, and Restrict. These allow you to build, set job priorities and assign schedules to your pawns so that they will develop and take care of the colony in an efficient manner. While you are capable of giving the pawns direct orders the game obviously intends for you to use the scheduling and priority systems.SoundThe sound effects in RimWorld are nothing to write home about. Doors woosh when they're opened, animals make a variety of noises and guns make satisfying bangs whenever they fire. Where RimWorld's audio shines is in the soundtrack which, even though it contains only a few songs, is stellar and evocative of the whole 'space western' theme of the game.OtherWhere RimWorld has a huge advantage over similar games is in its mods. There is a huge, active, community of modders, both here on steam and on the Ludeon forums. Mods allow changing the game in radical ways, completely overhauling the way you play the game. While the vanilla game is already almost great, mods definitely push it there.RimWorld is an ""early access game"" but I think this is wrong. If development stopped now, I would consider this a great game worth the asking price. As it is, the game is still being actively developed and is subject to change.Score5/5 - Great"
,Recommended,294100,25693639,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GeoffSmites,"Best in class right now.Dwarf Fortress meets Firefly(minus the ships).Complex yet simple.The difficulty is adjustable somewhat.I cant stop playing it.the Devs are really on top of the developement cycle, and add new stuff constantly.Very well thought out, very good sense of humor throughout.If you are even slightly interested in this genre, do yourself a solid and buy this game."
,Recommended,294100,31998940,Posted: 27 May,all,Ghennkin,"(This is a review for build A16)Rimworld is an odd game to review. The developer is still working on improving the game, new builds rolling out, and nearly every problem you might have with the game can be improved with the rather large modding community. So it really comes down to whether or not you find the concept of building a colony and trying to survive intriguing. I was apprehensive about buying this one and I'm glad I did as you might see from my hours played.The honeymoon phase for this game lasted around a whole week for me before things started to really irritate me. Despite these irritants, I still played on. My bigger issues revolve around choices or features that the dev has implemented in a way that seems as though zero thought was put into them. Again, its difficult to scrutinize choices when they are still works in progress. Still... some things are really really ragequitty.Maybe the biggest offender is the shooting skill. Even with a legendary lv 20 shooting skill described ingame as being 'Godlike', they are lucky if they point their gun at the ground and actually manage to hit it. It is imho extremely incredibly dumb. You can fix it with mods and the dev is working on it for A17 but still, I've watched a few let's plays were the game ends in a ragequit when their best shooter can never hit anything. It is very lame and very frustrating and one of the first things I started looking for a mod to fix. It is very ridiculous. Elephant sleeping in an clear meadow? 5% chance to hit it with a legendary gun wielded by a legendary shooter. I've seen a guy shoot Aspirins out of the air with a bow. I've seen a guy shoot 15 shot pucks thrown at once with incredible accuracy and set the world record. I've seen the PrimitiveTechnology guy hit a stump from meters away reliably after just a short amount of practice. I've read about the longest confirmed sniper kill ever. Shooting in Rimworld is dumb.There are some things the core game should do better without mods. Another frustrating experience is being raided. You always look forward to it to test your defenses, get some free loot, prisoners or recruit, but something always happens that drives me crazy. Okay so, the raiders appear on the left side of the map. One of my colonist B-lines right into them for the stupidest reason and dies. Reload save (I'll talk about this later). Now you spend a bit of time doing what I feel is dumb micromanagement setting up restricted areas and setting animals and colonists to stay indoors and not pathfind into 20+ raiders and get insta-slaughtered (happens every time). If I know there are raiders attacking, shouldn't my colonists? Why doesn't an invisible restricted area maybe called ""ATTACKERS"" appear around the raiders preparing so I don't have to waste time microing something that seems like common sense... like not running to your death. One of the most infuriating losses I've had was being attacked by raiders and my colonists deciding they want to throw a wedding while being raided. The wedding took priority to not dying or becoming a slave I guess. Limited control of my colonist, they would run back to attend the wedding (don't throw weddings while you should be fighting for your life). I don't think I've ever been so mad at this game. Took a day long break to cool off and started a new colony. Just common sense problems that really need addressing and they do seem to be.There is a lot of relying on modders to fix what the dev thinks are small issues. This is fine and pretty smart, but there are a number of small mods that really should be part of the vanilla game. Things like where traders pathfind to or where your caravans prepare instead of weird random points.I'm not sure if the dev can differentiate between 'strategy' and 'exploit' as he keeps countering strategies. You really see this most with raiders. Say 30 spawn. 18 actually do what you think they should and the rest seem to pick from a list of things you don't want them to. Like run around the entire map and avoid your defenses. Punch random bits of wall. Blow up random walls. Other odd behavior that makes an event that should be fun more frustrating than not. Combine that with your colonists being incapable of shooting the sky by firing their gun up at it.Late game gets pretty boring. Add to that that resources you really need like Components are incredibly scarce. So you end up calling caravan after caravan after caravan and buying the 0-10 Components they show up with over and over. For reference, a single sniper rifle takes like 8 Components. Trying to build a ship to save a colony of 12 takes over 100+ Components. They are slow to craft and even slower to acquire EVEN if you buy every single one you can from traders. You will never have enough. So endgame feels more like waiting days->weeks->months to get the things you need.I don't know why an entire planet needs to be generated when its the one feature of the game that could be totally erased and not impact the game at all. You can build caravans, but it is never really worth doing as the risks and pain of getting enough food to travel is well... not great. They can be randomly ambushed, killed, lose everything and an invaluable hard to replace colonist. Its also kinda disappointing. At first I assumed you built your colonies on the same world. Maybe you could visit old bases. Nope. There was a mod trying to add persistent worlds to the game but its very WiP and buggy.Permadeath mode is the intended mode to be played. My first colonies I did play with Permadeath on and now I'll never do so again. There are moments that are completely BS that makes permadeath imho a bad mode. Things like random chance deaths like a lil bunny insta killing your best shooter that just missed 19 times in a row or random shots in raids instantly killing an invaluable colonist. I'm fine with losing to non-rng situations, but not rng ones outside of my control. Just not fun in the slightest.Item deterioration and no repair. One of your colonists with a legendary firearm drop it because they were downed and its sitting unroofed in the rain? In less than an ingame day that 100/100 legendary becomes a 50/100 pile of garbage. No way to repair it. The rate of deterioration is kinda on the high end. This is another thing mods fix. Still, not very realistic. I guess the rain is highly concentrated metal eating acid.Once you get around 10 colonists, keeping up with the food required to feed them with 1 cook starts to get harder. Your chef will work all their waking hours and your food stores will always be low. Add more colonists and it becomes a real struggle. Cooking enough meals at this point to feed a caravan becomes impossible without getting another cook and building another cooking area. For me, large colonies are not fun trying to maintain as the tools available are not well equipped to handle the growing load. You cook 1 single meal and it takes quite a bit of time. Your colonists can eat 2-4 times per day. The cooking skill level doesn't help to address this.Performance degrades the longer you play and larger your base gets. This appears to be an engine (Unity?) problem and the game running on a single core. This could very well be the biggest thorn in the games side and a major limiting factor for future features (like multiple colonies). Good luck with this one dev. =\As you might have ascertained, most of these are personal issues. Some Rimworlders are bothered less than them. Others avoid the game altogether because of them. Despite all this, the mere fact that a modding community exists to fill in the gaps should make you feel more confident to give it a try."
76561198068867677,Recommended,294100,33636782,Posted: 18 July,all,Just Me Charlie,"Let me set the scene;You've played this game for about 3 years before it even came to steam, and still now when it has over 10,000 very positive reviews you feel that its had such a positive impact on your life (it doesnt contribute to your career or hunt for sexual partners in any way) you feel like you owe it at least as much as a genuine review. I travel with work, and ever since I got this game I have always made sure I have this game ready to go on my laptop with the latest version. At the very least this game has helped me realise what a terrbile human I am when confronted with situations out of the norm.If you buy this game, it will help you to develop your self-loathing and misanthropy further. 10/10."
76561198166856196,Recommended,294100,24569247,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dubzilla,"A solid game and its only early access! I would reccomend this game to all my friends. My buddy came over and installed this game on my PC for free. After my first play I was so impressed with the gameplay, story line and content that I purchased my own copy just to support the developers. Keep up the good work!"
76561198214125931,Recommended,294100,24403893,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Loli Hunter Omega,"This game delivers an exciting mix of action, story telling and strategy.  If you're an imaginitive type who enjoys good stories and action then this game is for you, regardless of any prefernce of genre.  Not only are the story mechanics effective and moving, the strategy is deep and well thought out, allowing the player to experiment with many different play styles without hitting an ""invisible wall"".  Honestly I saw my friend playing one of the first Alphas for this game and didn't think much of it, I got it myself a month or 2 later and took 2 days off school to play.  10/10 buy it and support.  The price is steep but worth it, you will get hundreds of hours out of this game, and Tynan the developer is dedicated and in full development mode, so updates and fixes are montly.   Cheers and thanks"
,Recommended,294100,34802012,Posted: 7 September,all,ClassyTurtle,"This review was written at est. 200+ hours played (non-steam version) between A14 and A16.Strategy/Building/Management games are my preferred form of crack.TLDR; 10/10The Good:I. The ColonistsEach colonist has a backstory, and a large set of skills (or lack thereof) as well as various traits (bonuses or negatives). Some are particularly gifted with certain skills and gain experience much faster than those without. You will inevitably begin filling specific jobs to colonists which are more suited towards them as a result, which is both satisfying and realistic. Your colonists must work together to produce food, shelter and goods to survive the harsh RimWorld.All colonists have: Social relationships, which is similar to The Sims or Crusader Kings II, though without the hassle of maintaining them yourself. Abrasive (trait) colonists will tend to♥♥♥♥♥♥off others and occasionally get into social fights for example;  Basic needs such as food, rest, comfort, joy, beauty and space, all of which must be maintained by the colony products/facilities; Gear, which consists of the clothing they wear, armor and weapons; Health, which is my personal favorite. If your colonists go hunting and are mauled by a bear for example, there’s a good chance they will lose a limb which you can then replace with a bionic limb, assuming you have the resources to do so. Amputation, organ harvesting, drug addiction and more are all part of the health system, and it is phenomenally done.II. Colony Building/Design & CraftingOut of all the games I've played, few offer such an extensive crafting system (except maybe Factorio) as RimWorld. Your colonists will have to make everything they need in order to survive their harsh environment. Whether it be the shelters they build and live in, or the clothing they wear, or the types of foods they grow and eat, or the types of animals they raise and hunt. If you are in a biome filled with deer, odds are most of your clothing is going to be made out of deer hide. Your colonists will have to work tirelessly to produce all the goods you need in order to survive.III. Random Disasters/EventsThere are a great many random events which occur during any given moment of a game. Thunderstorms (wet and dry) may cause fires, blights which destroy your crops, eclipses which will kill your solar panels, solar flares to turn off all electronics, infestations of bugs, and more. There are also trade caravans from nearby factions, as well as enemy raiders to come harass and murder your poor colonists. To give you an excellent example of just how much these events can change the course of your game, I’ll tell you now a story of one of my failed colonies:In the Fall, my colonists have produced plenty of warm clothing and stockpiled a good amount of food. They’re ready to get through the winter, no doubt. Then one beautiful crisp morning, a powerline overloads and begins a fire in my mostly wooden structure. I immediately wake up all the colonists and send them to fight the flames, but by the time they put it out, more than half the food has been burnt up. When the fire started, a colonist was in the room with the powerline and was burnt to a crisp. Already a man down, and it’s not even winter. Then winter comes, and with it, a large raid.Fending off the raiders isn’t usually too bad, but this one was the largest yet. The raiders damage a good portion of the front of my colony, destroying doors, walls, heaters and other vital equipment as well as killing another colonist (who just happened to be my primary Doctor). My remaining 3 colonists are depressed from the deaths of their friends (and brother for one of them), and one finally snaps. He goes wandering around in a daze outside in the snow during a cold snap. Most of the food is gone by this point, and things are looking bad. Another of the colonists nearly bled to death, as the only remaining ones have very poor medical skills. We ran out of medicine last week, so you guessed it: infection. He dies from infection.The wanna-be doctor wandering around outside is eaten by a pack of hungry wolves. Just one colonist left, and most of the food is gone. He’s going in and out of dazes, bodies of raiders and colonists are everywhere. Finally he runs out of food, and he does what he has to: he begins butchering the raider and colonist corpses for meat. Luckily they’ve remained frozen outside and in the half-destroyed buildings.In the end, it’s in vain; During yet another dazed incident outside, he is attacked by a bear and loses a limb, bleeding out in the snow. And so ended a colony which would have otherwise been just fine for the whole winter. The events snowballed and snowballed until there was nothing left worth saving.IV. A Whole World to Trade (Or Conquer)A more recent addition to the game is the ability to send out your own caravans to nearby settlements to trade goods. You can also attack them, andbethe horrible pirates that you probably hate by this point.The Wat?:I. Normally I would list a bunch of odd choices for system design or bad interfaces or missing obvious features. Not on this game!The Bad:I. It's still in Early Access, and thus it is not yet complete. Your savegames may occasionally break due to this, so don't get attached to any of your colonies.II. It can be horribly unforgiving and brutal."
76561197993373280,Recommended,294100,31780878,Posted: 15 May,all,Bac-On!,Writing this review takes away precious time I could be spending playing this game.
,Recommended,294100,24628105,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GANTRON 9000,"One day an angry monkey attacked my camp and my band of tribespeople had to fight him off, thus injuring the monkey's shoulder. After seeing the monkey in pain and incapacitated, Camblar decided he would help the monkey. A day or so later Camblar names the Monkey Baldy and he becomes the tribe's best friend/mascot.Time passes and Camblar develops a crush on Trout, a gatherer, and they share their feelings of love as the tribe continues to expand there village. However the tribe failed to plant crops earlier in the year and suddenly the food is running out. As everyone stuggles to survive and find a way to get more food, Camblar is taken ill with some sort of plauge due to malnutrition. For the next few days Camblar can do nothing but rest in bed while the rest of his tribe is scrounging the jungle around them for berries and animals to hunt. Trout tries her best to tend to Camblar, bringing him food and medicine, and Baldy sleeps curled up next to him every night...but he doesn't seem to be improving...As Trout goes out on an ill-advised hunting mission with her friend Scorpion, the healer, her thoughts still dwell on her love, Camblar. Unfortunately her fragile state leads her to sustain a nasty scratch on her leg from a capybara, and soon after as she lies in a bed next to Camblar, trying to recover, she develops an infection. Things are looking grim and the herbal remidy supplies are running out, so Grey does the only thing he can do and builds a statue with some marble they had cleared away earlier. He creates a fair likeness of Camblar and Trout, symmetrically lying next to eachother in bed. In hopes of raising their spirits he puts the statue right next to their beds.But hope is not lost! Camblar's condition seems to be improving, as though he has developed an immunity to the plague! As he recovers he starts to do everything he can to help Trout, who is still bedridden; he cleans, he hunts, he builds, and he brings her food every day. And amazingly, Trout begins to recover as well, surving the infection some how and regaining her strength. The tribe can now celebrate at last as the crops are almost ready to harvest, everyone is in good health, and Baldy the monkey helps keep everyone happy.All is well in the village of Antioch.[...]Until there's a heatwave and everyone dies of heatstroke in their beds because they don't know how to swim, except for poor poor Camblar, whoose heat tolerance and non-violence meant he survived long enough to watch all his friends and loved ones die. Finally, depressed and alone (except for Baldy), went out into the jungle and got bitten by a cobra.A raider comes to the empty village and sets the crops on fire, incapacites Baldy, and leaves.And then a panther finishes Baldy off and eats him.And at last, Camblar dies.The End.9000/10 Would live, love, and die again.(And believe it or not that's pretty much EXACTLY what happened, I had tears in my eyes)"
,Recommended,294100,24452125,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Amox,"Start a new colony with a son, his dad, and some grumpy old lady.Old lady keeps♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off.Surgeon shows up out of no where.Joins us.Son is gay, keeps trying to hit on the surgeon. Surgeon isn't interested.Son keeps getting in♥♥♥♥♥♥moods because of it.Raiders keep showing up and dying.Keep ordering the son to execute them.He hates it.Son keeps getting rejected by Surgeon.Surgeon keeps taming rare animals sucessfully. Get a Grizzly Bear on our team.Son has a mental breakdown. Starts punching the grizzly bear.Grizzly bear starts beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him. Random Alpaca that the Old Lady tamed joins in.Son is beaten almost lifeless.New guy shows up.MFW the new guy starts a relationship with the sons Dad.Hes now wandering naked around the potato fields.10/10 would push a teenager over the edge again."
76561197969941581,Recommended,294100,24819867,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lazarus,"Violet arrived at the colony approximately a year and a half after its founding.  Over the next two months, she helped build the space ship that would bring everyone back to civilization.  The ship was close to being finished when the wargs came...  A dozen of them... maybe more... started charging toward the camp.  The colonists knew the wargs would leave them alone if they just shut themselves inside for a few days.  The turrets though... They needed to be turned off or risk drawing the wargs inside.Violet was closest to the door... She sprinted outside and ran from turret to turret, turning each off.  The last switch was flipped before the wargs spotted her.  She raced to the door, but was caught by the legs.  She knew if she kept moving to the camp she would draw them inside...She turned and stumbled as far away from the camp as she could, wargs tearing at her back until she collapsed.  The rest of the colony watched her fall and lie there, alive, with an army of wargs swarming her.  They knew they couldn't go out and rescue her.  It would have drawn them inside and cost the entire colony their lives.  So they waited... and watched... as Violet bled and starved over the next two days.She died.  The wargs left. The colonists made sculptures in her honor before taking to the stars.10/10 would watch a gut-wrenching display of heroism again"
76561198067098003,Recommended,294100,30642436,Posted: 20 March,all,jacob smurftorius,"*starts making beer*all animals get alcohol poisoning within first day of beer making10/10 would alcohol againanyway i spent over 300 hours playing this game, thats enough to say the game is good"
76561197967326907,Recommended,294100,29295838,Posted: 16 January,all,Anomynous,"Early access????In short, if every game in early access was this good i would be poor."
,Recommended,294100,24471260,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CeSium,"I started off in the desert to see how it was as a change. We had 3 survivors, Bellerose, Roman, and Ramyn. AKA Noodles.Noodles was the greatest doctor in the game. He could patch up anybody, with a stick and a block of ice, probably. Sadly, we had few resources. The only steel we got was from steel walls all over the world and wood was not to be seen. We managed to build our homes shotgun style (one corridor with rooms on the left and right) and hoped for the best.We found an ""ancient danger"" which was a large limestone room, covered in darkness. We needed supplies, so we broke it down to see what was in there. It was cyrptosleep chambers. 4 of them. Despite warnings I had read from guides, I opened them.3 guys and 1 female popped out of the chambers, 3 of them in shock. The other one had an SMG. He opened fire at Bellerose, who fled the scene. Due to cyrptosleep sickness, the man started to spew his lunch all over the limestone floor. Noodles, being a brawler, rushed at him with a knife. He managed to kill the man, and we gave Bellerose his SMG since she was the only one who wasn't a brawler. However, during the fight, Noodles got his left foot shot.Since he was the only certified doctor in the colony, we had to put him through amateur care. Meanwhile, a mad animal was running around (Iguana) and was closing in our home. I sent Bellerose out with her Tec-9 and she shot the Iguana, but she got injured as well.While Bellerose was in bed, resting away her pain, Noodles, who got shot in his foot, crawled out of bed to get a medic kit and heal Bellerose. This hero. Sadly, he got a major infection in his left foot. Due to the lack of medical knowledge from anyone, we had to amputate it.When he recovered, we gave him a wooden peg leg. He was fine with it, even though he moved slower. When he woke up, everyone went back to sleep. He continued the freezer we were building at the time for around 4 hours before going to sleep. Around this time, a woman named Minla joined our colony.This man has done so much. But sadly, he couldn't help our food problem. We were running low on food. We had to grab the bodies from the cyrosleep chambers (they were still fresh) and poor Noodles was so hungry, he had to eat the corpses. Raw. Before they were bucthered.This obviously took a toll on his mental health. He asked Bellerose out, and got rejected. This was the breaking point. He stabbed his cat, and chased after Roman, who got cut up. We needed Noodles. He was a great doctor. I decided to make Bellerose melee attack Noodles. This didn't work out well. He chased after a rat, stabbed it, and finally stabbed Minla. He got over his mental breakdown, and rescued Minla. Due to his peg leg and his wounds over his torso, he walked at a snail's pace. This resulted in Roman and Bellerose slowly bleeding to death in the middle of a desert.Minla and Noodles rested. The wounds over Noodles chest got too much, and he got a major infection. Then, Minla woke up, grabbed a knife, and went berserk. She tried to stab Noodles for killing everyone else. Noodles was quick to take her down of course, and went back to sleep with a corpse in his room. When he woke up, he truly snapped. He wandered around the corridor, completely nude, and dropped his knife.Raiders attacked. They smashed the cooler, the solar panels, stole gold and a bunch of clothes, and lit one of the wooden walls on fire before running off. Noodles didn't notice this. He wandered around still, until he got downed from a heat stroke. He couldn't escape.The fire burned everything inside the entire house, except for a couple of human meat for some reason. Including Noodles.Rest in peace Noodles. You may not be thinking right, but you'll still be a hero."
76561198116443982,Recommended,294100,29496603,Posted: 25 January,all,Thekingdfn,"I downloaded a mod that removes cabin fever, and I have not since left my room."
,Recommended,294100,29965267,Posted: 16 February,all,Happytrees,like dwarf fortress for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me
,Recommended,294100,30974151,Posted: 5 April,all,heyyy,"""Chapter 8 - The Tale of Banastra, Former Chief of the Borne of Owl TribeAfter a couple failed raid attempts on my colony we were going strong and I decided we didn't need anymore people, but I didn't know what to do with the living but incapacitated attackers, so I built an organized prison.Eventually the prison became a dungeon.Eventually the dungeon became an execution chamberEventually the execution chamber became a torture chamber for my colonist, Veniamin, that liked to kill. No one was allowed in the chamber except for him and myself, and the chamber was purposefully kept uncleaned.After murdering so many Borne of Owl warriors, I started looking more into their lives, one in particulr was married to Banastra, a chief in the Borne of Owl tribe. I started to wonder what my motive was for caring about these savages before having Veniamin horrifically remove all of the organs from the spouse of Banastra I had held captive in my private chamber.Many moons pass, and we happen to be raided again...One of the raiders seemed familiar...His name was Banastra, male chief of the Borne of Owl tribe.As a smile grows across my face, I surmise that Veniamin, should he survive, will be quite happy later tonight.As expected, we repel the raiders with ease and minimal injuries, thanks to my turrent and wall system. I organize the collection of the spoils of war currently lying on the ground and clear Veniamin's schedule for the rest of the night, as he will have some work to do.After collecting the remaining live raiders and escorting them to what would be their grave, I call for Veniamin to begin his twisted ritual.Veniamin slowly works his way down the line of the Borne of Owl members, making sure to leave Banastra untouched as he will be our special guest of the evening.After brutally murdering all of the remaining Borne of Owl members, only one remains. I am sure by now he recognizes the corpse of his previous wife, Camisa. I decide to allow the sole survivor time to collect himself, as we will need him to be in a conscious state of mind for the dark ritual to have merit or meaning.Early that morning, I wake Veniamin from his peacefull slumber a bit earlier than normal, but I can tell he knows why. He was probably dreaming about this moment.I know I was.By now Banastra was a shell of his former self, cowering in his corner of my special chamber. Retrieving him was easy, but having Veniamin resist the urge to kill him wasn't.No, by now Banastra was very special to me. Killing him outright wouldn't suffice.Instead, I simply had Veniamin remove his legs and arms, without the use of anesthetics or blood-clotting medicine. He would surely bleed to death within an hour, if even that. I then had Veniam bring Banastra to the corpse of his deceased wife, Camisa and leave him there to bleed.I then sent Veniamin on his way and turned off the lights. He wouldn't be coming back for a while now.I finally took a break from my duties, my self-appointed quest and ritual now complete, and I realized something:Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just did that.Have I become a monster? Even if they're my enemies in this kill or be killed world, I had just done something terrible that took considerable effort to do.This world, it changes people...""-Excerpt from ""The Story of The Survivor's Following, A Colony"""
,Recommended,294100,35139669,Posted: 22 September,all,hOtTiE wItH a BoDiE,20 pigs took out my colony
,Recommended,294100,24387412,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Minnowmize,Don't ever start a game with a depressive pyromaniac incapable of firefighting who has a sister named Isis.10/10 would go up in flames again.
,Recommended,294100,31926998,Posted: 23 May,all,Made in-Human,"-New 3 man colony.-Map starts on mid summer, giving super short time to plant and harvest significant crops. (Boreal Forest)-Colonists rush to mine a full shelter before the cold sets in-Fall arrives and all crops die, yielding almost no food-The shelter is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and barely finished, with only a few rooms dug out-Suddenly realize there is barely any wild berries or animals on map-Situation doesn't look promising-A wild Raid appears-No one gets hurt-Prisoner is captured in the hopes of adding extra hands for work-Prisoner spends a couple of weeks in a room with no bed, no light and rubble still left in, without joining-Food starts to run low-No infrastructure to maintain a greenhouse and still little to no animals on map except for the ocassional squirrel, rat or rabbit-FLU EPIDEMIC OUT OF NOWHERE!-Colonists tend to each other, draining med reserves faster than explosive diarreah-Situations starting to look extremely dire-Cold snap sets in-There isn't any piece of warm clothes around-1 goes into hypothermia on top of his flu infection-Finally food runs out late Fall-1st day without food colonists stopped working, limiting themselves to curling up and crying-2nd day 2 of them get up to try and get some work done, the other is so sick he can no longer leave the bed-3rd day and the 2 still able colonists start to scheme about perhaps trying ''alternative foods''-Prisoner overhears their conv and decides to GTFO ASAP-Prisoner bides his time when suddenly he breaks down the door and makes a run for it-OH NO YOU DON'T!-Prisoner gets shot in the leg and incapacitated-The 2 still able colonists decide to waste no time and eat him as is, not even waiting for him to die first.-They devour his raw flesh while he screams in extreme pain and horror as the desperate colonists consume his innards-Blood and guts everywhere-Body is left out in the cold, they don't even bother to store it properly-After the horrible cannibalistic act the only female colonist has a complete mental breakdown, spending the rest of her days locked up in her room walking back and forth, scratching the walls and biting off her fingernails at the thought of what she had done.-Only remaining able colonist is the leader, who managed to keep himself sane after eating a person without even bothering to butcher him first.-Everyone is pretty much doomed by this point-Next day colony leader has no choice but to breakfast on the corpse of the former prisoner-Leader finally snaps and has complete mental breakdown-He spends the remainder of his time staring into the horizon with a blank stare. Higher thought processes are now an impossibility for him.-Sick guy dies in his bed-Leader dies of hypothermia, standing and catathonic-Finally girl stops running around her room and falls to the floor, still in mental breakdown. She dies.-Yorkshire pet dog procedes to eat his former masters...... ... ... ... ...3 THUMBS UP!5 STARS OUT OF 5!11/10!Would cannibalize and traumatize all over again~"
,Recommended,294100,25425448,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Evord,"This game is fun and addictive. The description is spot on. Its like Sims+Dwarf Fortress+Space. Totally awesome. Its dedication to making meaning out of the little things is truely exemplary. Running a colony is not easy and keeping everyone alive despite themselves is challenging.The game gives you a lot of tools and a lot of problems and you have to figure the rest out. Its a lot of fun IMO to do so. Every colony I start has new challenges, complexities, and dies a different way LOL.See, your colonists are flawed people. They have had hard lives and lived through a lot. Everyone has their preferences, quirks, strengths and weaknesses. They are also people, not drones. They want nice things... and get unhapoy when forced to toil endlessly slave labor conditions.Its just as much about the people as it is about progression.To understand, let me tell you a story.This story is mostly about a teenager named Fay. Once there was a crashed colony shop and it had 3 survivors. The other two colonists are Erin and Taya. But Erin and Taya are only important in that they are militantly opposed to cooking for themselves. Perhaps their parents only ever ate out and Erin and Taya deeply believe that they cannot even learn to cook.Fay though, Fay can cook. Not well however. She is in fact, terrible at it and will likely never be good. Despite this, Fay has to cook for everyone. Its largely self defense because Erin and Taya refuse to cook. So either Fay cooks or she eats uncooked rice and boar corpses.And so the colony lived on...or it would have of not for Fay's crucial addiction to alcohol. She is massively alcoholic in fact, but there's no booze at all on the crashed colony. Prolonged sobriety is intolerable for Fay and so, once a month, she has a mental breakdown from withdrawal. Usually this means she just flings off her clothing and wanders in the woods for a while.It also means that, once a month, Erin and Taya have no one to cook for them. I have no sympathy for their week long starvation. The lack of proper work getting done during that time is deplorable however. As Erin and Taya also have mental break downs after a week of eaten raw-rice covered frozen squirel corpses, I start to care less and less about curing Fay's alcoholism and more about just getting the woman a drink.The opportunity arises when a trader comes through with beer. Fay trades generously for said beer and her mental stability improves dramaticlly with every swig. For a while, meals get cooked and work gets done in the colony. I have hope for the winter.Until Taya's mom, Raven, shows up. Injured and crawling to us through the wilds, she is rescued by Taya. Even better, Raven can cook! The colony is saved! Stability at last!And then she promptly dies of a stomache infection....in Taya's bed no less. We tried to amputate her stomach to save her, but the operation failed. Not that success would have been success.Taya is destroyed by this event, understandably. In her grief, she steals all the colony's beer and drinks herself sick. Can you blame the poor lady?Immediatly, a deprived Fay plunges into withdrawal once again. She breaks quickly and runs off naked into the winter night. It doesn't end well. The colony looks doomed at this point. Taya and Erin stare at the stove that puzzles them so as they munch on a mad racoon that is dead on their table.But lucky stars above! A new cook wanders in and wishes to join the colony! It's a godsend. We are saved!Before the new cook can set down her things, Erin and Taya go nuts from eating frozen raw rice and dead bandits. Super nuts. The Shining nuts.Berserk with hunger and probably rabies, Erin and Taya kill their savoir chef before fatally mauling each other.Erin dies atop the corpses of her fellows. Inches from the unused stove and stockpile of food that could have saved them all. If only she'd believed in herself and tried to cook. Just once...So yeah, this game rocks. Its hard but hilarious. You'll be balancing the most ridiculous, yet natural, problems while constantly expanding your abilities and liabilites.Other important facts1. No multiplayer2. No victory conditions, you play forever and just have to roll your own win.3. Combat is simple yet strangly, deeply tactical and statisfying.4. There's also factions and regional politics to manage.5. The UI is a little intimidating, but ultimately its not hard to use once you grok a few critical tools (like zones).I paid $30 for this on early access, which I normally NEVER would do. Its been a great purchase so far. Many lulz and many facepalms. Goddamnit Fay, Erin, and Taya. ^_^"
,Recommended,294100,24423027,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DnA,"Fantastic space colony strategy game blended with elements of D&D and Roguelite.Game plays and looks beautiful especially the thunderstorms. The diversity in the characters traits, their mental states and comfort levels means you can't help get attached to them.Played through three scenerios so far in three different biomes and each playthrough has ended....not in the colonists favour shall we say. :*(With so much to do and the game offering so much replayability I can't help but to reccomend this title. :)"
,Recommended,294100,25619227,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pusheen,My dog got addicted to alcohol.
,Recommended,294100,24437679,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tanelorn,"First playthrough experience:Standard fare, survivors work hard to set up a camp, a few dangerous events but all in all everything is looking good. Then a massive lightning storm hits and all hell breaks loose.Half of my outer buildings are wooden and as the grassfires rapidly approach some catch fire. My crops are burning as well. I rush my 4 colonists out but I realize too late that one has a trait that prevents him from fire fighting. He catches fire and I return him to the medbay. I also learn that another character only will fight fires in the open and not in buildings. I'm struggling to figure out what's going on and how to save the base when what happens next: A RAID!My one guy who won't firefight (its in his character traits) is recovering alone in the medbay. Where are the raiders headed? Right to the medbay while we are on the opposite side of the base. One of the outside doors has burnt down and is gone, so the medbay is not protected. He gets out of bed and preps his rifle. One raider rushes in, runs by him drawing his fire, and his buddy knocks my guy on the back of the head, he's down. My second guy rushes in with a pistol and gets laid out almost immediately. My warg runs in immediately after, gets bonked, and spends the next 10 minutes wandering in a psychotic daze.I have one man left, the chef who has a knife, but the raiders are leaving. He chases them down with a club, leaving my engineer who refuses to fight internal fires behind. My chef chases down one of the raiders and finishes him off, claiming his great bow. I send him up to fight the building fires while my engineer tries frantically to revive my unconscious drifter and get him in a medical bed. My geologist is dead in the medbay room.My engineer manages to get the drifter up and in bed and runs to get a medpack. My chef puts out the fires which spread into our foodstocks. Food reserves saved (winter is coming).As my engineer reaches the stock room, the reality of it all hits her and she breaks down into a anxiety attack and cowers in the corner while my drifter bleeds out. My chef breaks and goes bezerk, looking for anything moving to shoot with his new bow. The warg wanders aimlessly into the area and gets a final arrow in him and falls unconscious to the ground to bleed out.I saved the game under another name with my engineer cowering in the stockroom and the chef roaming the base in a bezerk state...10/10 would experience the horror again."
76561198073721010,Recommended,294100,27299867,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bone,"First day, the planet overheated. All my people died of hearth attack.Second day I said I have experience now. I will name my people. One was my name, one was my girlfriend and one was a friend of ours. I tried to make a romance between me and my gf. I even forced them to sleep together. After one day she felt in love with our friend and I could not stop that. Me and my gf agreed that the right thing to do was to kill him, she could not accept that she cheated on me in the game. I killed him in the game, in his sleep. After, the character of my gf felt into depression and left the group. And after, I was bitten by a rat and poisoned all my body and no one was left to cure me. It was a very sad game.I dont recommend using your name or very close friends.I will definitely start a new story again."
,Recommended,294100,26175558,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FatAdvice,"Let me tell you why this is the greatest game ever made.-Be me.-Buy the game-Load it up-start tutorial-Build stockpile, great.-Build house, great.-build some beds, stove, research, etc. great.-Sandbags, oh yea.-raid... alright.-Shooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of raider, no prob.-Boomrat gets in the way, not good.-Everything on fire, ugh.-EVERYTHING ON FIRE, WTF.-Everyone dies except the dog.First half hour was amazing. Would die in random fire again."
76561198046416310,Recommended,294100,24670424,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dukasho,I was unsure of the purchase price to begin with.    It seemed too high for what was being offered in the terms of early development indie 2d game...I am happy to say it is worth every last cent.The depth and complexity of the systems in place lead to hundreds of hours of gameplay.Now if only I could learn to turn it off and goto bed...
76561198039745828,Recommended,294100,24835236,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Oktakon,"Rimworld is a young and beautifully seductive... yet cruel and exotic mistress with a severe case of “BPD” (Borderline Personality Disorder) that you’ll find yourself running back to night, after night, after night. Once you understand her language, her …ways, endure her pain and suffering inflicted upon you nightly, and start to survive her fiery and destructive emotional outbursts. You’ll start to see the heavens part and the Godrays pour in on the potential that you can have, sharing a life together in a blissful new world harmony.However, if you mishandle her, miscalculate or neglect her needs, or… even say just one wrong word to her… expect everything you have painstakingly endured and built to be torn down in front of your very own eyes in a blaze of uncontrollable psychotic glory. When that moment finally happens, when the realisation that this thing, this… monster, that you once held so close and dear in your arms with all your hopes and dreams invested into, finally breaks free from its mental restraints of care, stability and love… You find yourself dazed and confused … staring into an endless moment of emotionless hindsight.You face your final moments alive on whatever world you have tried to stake out a living on in silence… you watch as your cooks arms are blown off by raiders that have stolen some new GlitterTech incendiary weaponry that is now setting your whole map, base, settlers and outer defences on fire… but its ok you never liked his simple cooked one ingredient meals that gave you food poisoning anyway……. WATCH IN HORROR!!!….. as your newly hatched chickens are beaten to death in melee and your pet house cat “Snuggles” neck is cut in cold blood, just because one of your own settlers is in a psychotic mood that their room isn’t as beautiful as someone’s else’s….. sigh R.I.P Snuggles and baby chicken nuggets.And finally watch as your last settler alive succumbs to extreme heatstroke that your whole base was suffering from, and dies on the floor of his very own room, his last thoughts of wishing that he had laid better quality floor boards… but just never had the time to do it…as his vison fades to darkness…Because, you see, an eclipse has blocked the sun for last 2 days which has knocked out your solar panel farm and drained the backup batteries that was once powering all of your bases air conditioners. Just then a solar flare event takes place that wipes out all electrically powered devices, so those wood fuel generators that you just built over the last 2 days to compensate for the loss of power the eclipse caused… are now useless.Then the left hook comes out of nowhere, that one you did not see coming, oh yes… an epic heatwave just shows up to say “hey, how you doin” …. pushing your global temps to 55+ degrees Celsius even in the shade. Without cooling available it effectively and slowly turns all living things into a sack of sizzling seductive bacon…. Hmmm bacon.In the famous words of Private Hicks “Game over man .. Game over!.“9.5/10 - Current Alpha StateConsidering that this is still an alpha stage game, RimWorld shows a remarkable amount of polish and potential, however, whenever you do find a shortcoming with a game mechanic you don’t quite like, I guarantee you there’s a mod to meld this game into your style of play or aesthetic pleasure.The modding community on steam and the official forums is also very strong with new mods, updates and tweaks being added almost daily at the time of this review.A big plus for me also is that the developer listens to the modding community, and has quite simply stated that there are certain things he wants to expand in the final game content. And has announced to the modding community to focus creating those elements for it to be implemented into possible future alpha builds.As a student game developer I love this idea and will implement into my own game development plan when that time happens.Also for those that haven’t clocked like 50+ hrs on similar games like “Prison Architect” you will initially struggle. I’m not going to lie there’s currently a very steep learning curve even with the adaptive tutor enabled, but once you get over it, it’s pretty simple and has very enjoyable concepts to understand and master.These are all my reasons I have given RimWorld a Terminator 2 sinking fiery thumbs up."
76561198049849468,Recommended,294100,24338645,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheKingBEE,My hours played will never actually catch up as I have been being late to work and playing long into the night for a while.Personality and depth this game has in spades and it only gets better with time.To give a comparison you may know this game is like Dwarf Fortress in space.
,Recommended,294100,33547120,Posted: 14 July,all,SteveUK9799,This game is amazing. The look of Prison Architect with the difficulty of Age of Empires on a bad day and the cruelty of Binding of Isaac. An amazing survival game.
,Recommended,294100,24441974,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,sensibruh,"I really wanted to give this game a review yesterday, but I wanted to wait until I had 30 hours so I could give some good input.Let me start off saying that this game is beautiful. Even in a toxic fallout during winter, I still liked the atmosphere.The developer is amazing. You could go on any Reddit post that has a question, and you would surely see an answer from the lead developer.PROS:I usually don't play games like this, but with all the reviews, I just had to buy it. I haven't stopped playing it since I've bought it.Super fun when you get the hang of it.There's always more to do in your colonyMicromanagement is masterfully made.CONS:Can be hard to learn.You'll kill a couple colonies before you learn the game completely...Overall, I'd give this 3 captured pirates and 6.5 colonists that were injured by wild boar revenge out of 10.(9.5 / 10)"
76561198126303795,Recommended,294100,28150228,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bigchilly™,"This game is a simple do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want and hope you survive:You can be a band of shitler pirates, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ town in the middle of nowhere, a bunch of heroic military boys, cocky rich people, a ♥♥♥♥ing single dude with a pack of wolfs to do all your♥♥♥♥♥♥ a cult based off some ♥♥♥♥ing false god.Simply said you can do absolutly WHATEVER the ♥♥♥♥ you want to do.Awhile you are doing this you will be also attacked by other settlements or herds of nude people or tons of raging boars.buy it, have fun you♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,294100,24401911,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dongsweep,I can finally give dwarf fortress a try.
,Recommended,294100,24383609,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kinggimped,"Ignore my playtime - I have 1000+ hours since around alpha 7, this game is superb and an absolutely fantastic investment for the amount of time you can get out of it.To start, this game in its purest form is about controlling randomness. The planet is randomly generated. Your colonists are randomly generated. The events that transpire are random.You start with nothing - a few colonists with randomly generated abilities, personality traits, and possibly injuries or other health conditions. You have a handful of building materials, enough food to last a week, and some simple weapons. From there, it's your job to help them survive.However, you don't control your colonists directly. You give them orders, and they will try to carry them out. This isn't an RTS game - at its core it's a procedural story generator, and your role is basically to keep your colonists alive for as long as possible as their lives play out. You are like a mostly powerless god, able to guide your colonists but can never overcome their free will or innate personality traits for long. Things will never go exactly as planned, and that is part of the joy of the game. Traders will visit your colony, you will get raided by pirates and tribals and even mechanoids, colonists will get to know each other better and even fall in love, random disasters will happen, your colonists will get sick... their lives play out while randomness happens all around them.Once you get accustomed to the basic mechanics, the purest and arguably most fun way to play this game is 'iron man' mode - don't just reload an autosave whenever anything bad happens to your colony. When someone dies, they die. In some circumstances, that will mean the end of your colony. But sometimes you will continue, hampered by the loss of a colonist but hopeful for the future, eventually thriving without them. This is RimWorld at its best - a rich simulation that allows for some incredible storytelling. There are few games where you will ever find yourself so attached to what are essentially randomly generated pawns.A lot of people in the reviews are comparing RimWorld to Prison Architect, but it's only like PA in the sense that the art style is similar - the graphics are simplistic and representative. The game does not play the same way at all. It's much closer to Dwarf Fortress, but really it's a little unfair to compare RimWorld to another game because it doesn't really feel derivative of anything else. It's very much its own thing.I think it's easier to say who Iwouldn'trecommend this game for:- If you like to have tutorials and hand holding throughout, this game is not for you- If you don't like challenging games, this game is not for you- If you want action and constant battles and explosions, this game is not for you- If you like predictability and hate randomness, this game is not for youOverall, RimWorld might not be the prettiest game in the world, but what it lacks in looks it makes up for tenfold in replayability. Ludeon are constantly adding more content, they listen to community feedback, and even though it's Early Access this game has vastly more content and replayability than most completed indie games.I've invested hundreds of hours into this game and will probably invest thousands more. Couldn't recommend enough."
,Recommended,294100,25500265,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Raven,"This is what all Early Access games should strive to be!  Truly lives up to being playable, fun, and generally bug free (except forinsect hives).  The developer is active on the forum and subreddit and incorporates feedback into updates.And the gameplay itself?  A great mix of base-building with resource & people management.  A refreshing mix of having colonists with free will, strong controls for optionally setting specific priorites per person, and even being able to ""draft"" individual colonists for extreme micromanagement.  Lots of difficulty levels depending on how hardcore you want things to be, and plenty of big and little things to accomplish.  As a bonus, there are plenty of mods on the Steam Workshop.  All in all, well worth buying in its current state!"
,Recommended,294100,24606621,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bad at games,It's Dwarf Fortress in space!It's Dwarf Fortress that focuses on fun instead of accurately simulating the amount of hair on each Dwarf's teeth.It's Dwarf Fortress that tries to be vaguely well balanced instead of being filled with arbitrary exploits that make the game trivial.It's Dwarf Fortress where you can harvest organs and turn your fortress into a murderous hellhole full of cannibal reavers.It's really good.
,Recommended,294100,33447053,Posted: 10 July,all,Nick,"Incredible game.Rimworld has tremendous depth as a colony management simulation, You are in charge of your colonist's needs and keeping them happy and healthy is no mean feat.They will break, physically, you have to deal with raider incursions, whether it's 6 pirates with M4s attempting to pillage and kidnap your colonists, or raids of 30+ tribe members equipped with basic weapons trying to burn down your base.Mechanoids with devastating weapons arrive in their drop pods and crashed ships ready to incinerate you and sharp-clawed insectoids which spawn at the most inopportune times possible will attempt to decapitate your colonists.It's not just physical threats though, mental breaks are common on the Rim, whether because a colonist lost a family member in a raid, or because your ""Abrasive"" colonist insulted them at breakfast, social fights, berserker rages and depressed wandering (often in inclement weather) are all possible.To defend from the threats you have to build a secure base, it has to be fireproof, of course, lightning strikes are just one of the ways it can end in a blaze of glory.Your food will rot if you don't refrigerate it, making that elephant hunt you just wasted a colonist on less fruitful until you have a freezer room. Equally, frostbite is a threat in the Winter months, so you must craft warm clothes, even swaggy clothes like the bowler and cowboy hats to keep the colonists warm.Your colonists will have a set of traits which determine their ability or inability to perform certain actions such as hauling, mining, doctoring and crafting to name but a few of the systems. They will sometimes be passionate about these tasks, learning them more quickly than anyone else, but other traits can make them quick to mentally break if you task them to dangerous work in ugly environments.There are a hundred tricks you have to learn to survive in Rimworld, and you will learn more each time the AI storyteller you chose destroys you. And they will destroy you, Cassandra on a slow but ramping curve, Phoebe with big raids between breathers and Randy with multiple raids or diseases or toxic fallouts at once.It's not all gloom though, although every action you take to increase the survivability of your colony will make future raids against you stronger, you can use some of the wealth you generate to form makeshift alliances with other nearby Factions and call them in, to sell you more slaves  or weapons, or to assist in fighting your battles.The latest update (which are very frequent, despite this game being polished as hell already) made it possible to traverse the world in a caravan and collect treasures from around the world, providing you have enough food and weapons to make it there and back alive with the booty!There is a big modding community with many quality-of-life fixes for the game, as well as system improvements and even star wars and cthulu mods.But the vanilla game itself is exceptional and sells itself, I don't write reviews and Rimworld made me write this, it's that good.If you like trying to spin 10 plates at once and getting wrecked when you take your eye off of too many at once, buy it. This game is brutal, this game is frustrating but above all this game is fun."
76561197971724802,Recommended,294100,32104942,Posted: 1 June,all,Pontifex Maximus,"InRimWorld, it’s your job to manage the lives of crash-landed survivors, with the ultimate goal of living long enough to construct a shuttle in order to escape the hostile planet you’ve landed on.In order to do so, first, you’ll have to construct a base capable of withstanding the AI’s ever-increasing threats. Half of the fun is in designing your base however you want to, just make sure it has some sturdy defenses since the game’s surprisingly complex combat system takes such things as cover, concealment, and range into consideration.Your characters are randomly generated and have their own advantages, disadvantages, and even relations to one another in some cases. You also choose what type of environment you want to begin in: jungle, arctic, desert, and several other biomes. You must be aware that the more extreme climates are much more of a challenge to settle within. Although you will get raided from time to time, or perhaps attacked by some random animals, much of the fun to be had inRimWorldis just seeing how your colonists interact with each other, as well as how they deal with different situations.RimWorldis a fantastic survival simulation game and although it is still in Early Access, it already has a wealth of content to indulge in.It's an exciting new game that offers a highly unique take on the ever-growing survival genre. It combines colorful, detailed graphics, along with engaging game mechanics. Each game is very different from others and unfolds organically, allowing for virtually limitless replay value.If you’re even remotely interested in survival games, or games in which you actually begin to care about your little digital protagonists, then grab a copy ofRimWorld.THE GOOD- One of the best simulations in recent memory- Detailed graphics- Great game mechanics- A story of your own creativityTHE BAD- Still Early Access10/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING |MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,294100,33938260,Posted: 31 July,all,Dankest Darkness,"I absolutely love the game, payed 30 dollars, then bought name in  game, and I still feel like I ripped off the devs, endless amounts of replayability which is even more endless because of the massive modding community for the game"
,Recommended,294100,29457343,Posted: 23 January,all,baCOn_CaKe,"I tried this game from a friend, but they only had alpha version 11. I bought the steam version after seeing all that they've added over the years, and I'm so glad i did. I've already put in 21 hours in 3 days over the weekend. This game is the perfect mix of a survival/story telling sim.if you're thinking about getting this game,do it."
,Recommended,294100,24617536,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DexterAlenko,"Made my own Scenario with 5 dudes of fully equipped Power Armor, Rifles and more.Everybody got killed by a herd of deers."
76561198011300382,Recommended,294100,24442841,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tannumber17,random blights keep killing all my crops.nuclear fallout keeps killing all of the wildlife.one of my settlers got shot in the face and is a genius somehow.but the worst thing is that panthers keep eating my puppies.11/10 would lament loss of puppies again
76561197989293729,Recommended,294100,25107059,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lusicale,"Ok so, first of all I have to say I don't usually do reviews but believe me when I say this game deserves all the credit I can give it.Now, you gotta understand something about this game, you can't just buy it, hop in, play it for a bit and beat it, RimWorld will simply not allow you that, and that's good, that means more bang for your buck.When you start playing you'll mess up a lot of things and the game might seem unfairly unforgiving, but trust me, it's all about making for a good gaming experience. You'll lose more often than you'll win, heck I only beat the game after playing over 160 Hours, if that's not challenging I don't know what is, but in the end it still feels good, it feels like taking a punch and getting back up just to take another punch a few days (ingame days) later and get KO, RimWorld has no mercy, yet you know you can do better and believe me you'll strive to do better, the game manages to compel you.Ok so after this introduction let me tell you more or less the pros and cons.Pros:-Challenging-Hundreds of hours of play time-Active community making mods-Fun-New features added continuously, dev is really cool-Good bang for your buck-Adaptive AI that really works for any playstyle-Smooth performance, no lag or anythingCons:-Robs you of your life and sleeping hours-A bug here and there but nothing major-Still in alpha sure but this game is being developed properly so no worries-This game won't have a sale anytime soon so either buy it at full price or comeback in a couple of yearsExtra:Well with that out of the way let me just tell you a little bit of my latest story, which was the one I actually made it to the end!So I start on this planet a bit on the cold side but not too much, 3 guys right, everything starts smoothly enough, an easy raid now and then nothing too bad. Eventually I get 11 colonist, the most I ever had in any playthrough (it's hard keeping these little guys alive), so the AI decides those are way too many and throws down a sort of shipwreck that contains mechanoids inside, I prepare my colonists for the battle ahead and get some (guys with ranged guns) behind nearby sandbags I built near the crashed ship, and some (melee folks) really close to the ship, so the mechanoids come out and amongst all the gunfire, grenade tossing and punching I lose 4 colonists (funny enough I never managed to find one of the corpses, it wasn't anywhere to be found on the map, not in any graveyard or in plain sight, perhaps it was blown to pieces in the midst of the battle) and that wouldn't be too bad if not for in the next day I got 4 colonists with the plague and despite my best efforts they all died, so now I'm back to only 3 colonists. After this nothing major happened, apart the ocasional raid, crazy manhunter animals and infestations inside my base with genetically modified insect like creatures designed to kill, among other small things.So eventually I got back to 9 colonists and started preparing to leave the planet, bear in mind it took me almost 3 ingame years to get here, and you see, it takes A LOT of resources to build a new spaceship. So I started getting what I needed all while maintaining my base operational, and as luck would have it a new infestation spawned but this time was away from my base so I didn't have to fight it off in the meantime, although these bugs keep spreading and multiplying until there's no hope left, I tried using mortars to shell the multiple hives that had spawned over time but they were way too burrowed inside a mountain (and by now it was unthinkable to send my colonists in to fight these buggers), so now I know I have a deadline to get the hell off this infested forsaken planet. Now for the grande finale, as the spaceship was getting finished I got some colonists inside, and when it was finished and I was getting ready to get the last couple of colonists inside their cryptosleep caskets to blast off, and as I'm about to do it this giant raid comes my way with 30 raiders ready to pillage and murder everything that crossed their way so I hastily got my remaining colonists inside and blasted off just as the raiders were getting through my defenses. And this ladies and gentlemen was one story among so many others, the AI driven storyteller does a really amazing job, one of the best, if not the best, AI I've ever had the pleasure facing in any game.If you liked what you read please do buy the game, this developer deserves it and this game sure as hell does too.Thank you for your time.PS: It seems I might have stayed up playing for too long, the sun is rising."
,Recommended,294100,32877454,Posted: 27 June,all,Ainz Ooal Gown,This game has kept me occupied for well over 100 hours and it seems there is always a new series of disasters to strike my colony down.If you like losing things like me this game is for you.
,Recommended,294100,24356918,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JadeKat,"Add 300+ hours to the total played as I owned this before its arrival on steam. This is my go to game for some humorous fun. The variation in biomes is excellent. Extreme cold did mean crossing some lines of food choices. Prisoners in these environments should be more co-operative for their own benefit!There are relationships and pets, friends and enemy’s so plenty of dynamics. I’ve had hilarious adventures like starting a new colony with 1 guy, his lover and his ex-wife … (Only his ex-wife could shoot!).One tip for survival is an old video of mine about freezers! Having a stockpile will save your life and your animals!https://youtu.be/6E2k4JZ-5n8I think there should be a gun safety classroom … you will understand soon! My husband tries to save their lives I work on survival of the fittest principle. Unfortunately the mortar’s are so safe they rarely hit anything!No real tutorial but there are tons of you tube videos. Despite this the game is completely playable and has deep content crafting even though listed as Early Access. The best part is they continue to add more great stuff. This one ranks up there as one of my all-time favorite early access development success stories. Good work guys!For those having trouble ... let them die, learn from their death and then make a nice statue and a hat to remember them by.Fans of Gnomoria and Prison Architect should give it a go!"
,Recommended,294100,25715458,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Atomik Doctor,"Simply awesome. 15/10 thanks to the modding community and a dedicated developerEDIT #1:  The above review came at around 20+hrs of playing.. I am now at something like 282hrs... if you're like me and hesitant on buying games, particular early access, for 30$ and wondering if this is worth it... It so is, one of the best games and so worth it.  I've got a pretty nice catalogue of games and this by far is my favorite.and the mods.. oh god they are great.Do yourself a favor and GET THIS GAME.EDIT #2: Alright folks we are at 396 hours now and still LOVING THIS GAME. This whole process should be a case study in what happens when you do the right thing, the first time. Cheers to all those involved in this gem!EDIT#3: Well, here we are at the cusp of 600 hours, and damn ahs this game not lost any of its allure.  There's not much to be said that already hasn't been said in one of the 1000s of positive reviews.  BUY THIS GAME and LOVE EVERY SECOND OF IT"
,Recommended,294100,24779085,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Vultcha_,"this game was a pleasant suprise.i bought it at full price at the recommendation of reviewers and friends.  i was expecting a ""prison architect"" clone, and at that would have found the game serviceable.  what i got was so much more.the game shares the same art style and basic functions of ""prison architect"" but is a fundamentally different game.  i actually enjoyed playing it more than PA.  hunting, farming, mining, crafting, training animals, trading, basic diplomacy, inter-colonist relations, mood, object quality, random events, an ai ""storyteller,"" and an ""end game"" are what it adds beyond the ""build, plan, manage"" formula of PA; in the setting of a colony stranded on an unforgiving planet.at the writing of this review, i have completed one colony playthrough on ""hard"" difficulty at around 60 hours.  i could have completed it in about half the time if i didn't go for a ""100% complete.""  i'm looking forawrd to further playthroughs with mods, different start conditions, and harder difficulty at some point, as well as eagerly looking forward to what further content gets added to the game; so can say for me that replayability is high for the game.100% recommend for management/build game lovers, even at full price."
,Recommended,294100,26252631,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Banana Duck,"Made myself and my girlfriend as colonists, we had regular brawls until she knocked me out and fed me our dead dog.11/10 would rimjob again."
76561198128847254,Recommended,294100,25743953,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,awsomedude36,"crash landed on a planet, day 1become hobbit people, day 10eat my yorkshire terrier, day 30harvest organs from my prisoners, day 48Declare Martial law upon my people, day 60accidently burn down half the compound due to wiring mistakes, day 100execute everyone who cant use a firearm, day 113become addicted to yayo and sell kidneys to sustain myself, day 20010/10 would become dog-eating autocrat/junkie again"
,Recommended,294100,25841506,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Iron Leonem,"RimWorld: Losing is FUN! (TM)or... How I learned to stop worrying and love the boomrat.Crazy thing... about an hour in to your settlement, your chest will puff up with pride, a single tear will roll down your cheek, and you'll be filled with an urge to go tell someone all about it. This will be approximately two weeks in to your experience with the game.If you've ever loved Dwarf Fortress, or if you like the idea of Dwarf Fortress, but wish it was a little more accessible, RimWorld might be worth your time. While it certainly isn't without glaring flaws, I find over all, this game's brilliant successes more than make up for them.The gameplay, which, cards on the table, is the most important thing for me, is on point. I find most of their systems to be well balanced and interesting. Difficulty is extremely modular and customizable, and you should be able to find the right amount of challenge for yourself. Unfortunately, starting the game still feels a little cumbersome. Without downloading mods, you cannot control anything about the survivors you take with you on your expedition, aside from rerolling them randomly over and over until one fits your needs. EDB Prepare Carefully *helps*, but in my opinion, it's too far in the other direction; it allows TOTAL control over your settlers, with zero limits. If the random rolls were a little more playable, that would help, or maybe if you could save certain survivors.Visually, this game is a perfect example of aesthetics vs. graphics. The graphics for this title are pretty simple and plain, but aesthetically, it comes together very nicely. I do recommend some visual mods here- My favorite is one that recolors stockpiles. Excellent for organization!The best part of this game is its accessibility. I can't tell you how many people I've shown Dwarf Fortress, only for them to go ""Oh, that looks REALLY complicated. I mean, cool, but REALLY complicated."" RimWorld has a very well written tutorial to show you the basics, and then an exceptionally designed hint system, that warns you when you're about to shoot yourself in the foot because you don't know what a gun is. For example, I was building a sprawling apartment complex to combine my summer cooling units. The game went, ""Uh, hey boss, I know that LOOKS more convenient, but if a fire rolls through here, your lack of fire breaks is gonna make this place light up faster than the end of Burning Man.""And I was like, ""Oh, that's a good point, tutorial dude! Thanks!""Essentially, after the first tutorial, the game offers unobtrusive tips, tailored around the activity you are currently performing, with suggestions based on what the game thinks you might be doing wrong. I found the tips to GREATLY increase my enjoyment of the game, and it's the best handling of a help system that I've ever seen.So let's break it down.Good: Fantastic ""tribe management"" gameplay, with an emphasis on roguelike Die and Try Again strategies. Excellent tutorial system, and the mod community grabs this game from the ""Good"" category and thrusts it violently in to ""Unmissable"".Bad: While the aesthetic is alright, the sprites do feel a little too similar. I do feel like the difficulty curve ramps up a little quickly on your first couple play throughs, but you'll get the hang of it after a while.Ugly: Character creation. Dear god, just let us express some preferences instead of spamming reroll over and over again.Recommended Mods: Glittertech, Hospitality A15, Recolor Stockpile"
,Recommended,294100,25610526,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,/Remumarku\,"This Game is really, really awesome! I was slightly skeptical when i first saw that it looked similar to Prison Architect, but I decided to go for it anyway because the idea of building up a space colony seemed pretty cool. I am very glad I did. It really isnt anything like prison architect except for how the artwork looks and how you build but it plays totally different. Even though this title is still in early access, this proves that not all early access games are terrible or a joke. This is very well put together and each time you play, as the developer intends, it's a new experience, a new story, with different colonists. Since i've purchased this game, this is the only game i've been playing and my steam library contains over 100 games. It is addicting on the levels of Sid Mier's Civilization and the replayability is even higher. If you are unsure on whether to purchase this game but you like Sci-Fi, Tycoon/Management games, games in which you build something from nothing yourself, or if the idea of running your own tribe or space colony is appealing, i'd say one hundred percent get this game. Right now, it's selling for Thirty Dollars, and I think it's actually worth more, I appreciate the lower pricing range for the fact that it is early access and the developer knows that bugs can be found. My experience thus far has been seamless and bug-free at 35.3 hours game time when this was written. In addition to all the greatness in the original game, there is already a very large modding community turning out some great mods and scenarios for everyone to play and there is additional content coming every day! Final Rating for me , Five Stars, 10/10 / 100% love it. Thank you Ludeon Studios and everyone involved for creating such a great, quality game, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,294100,24384671,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,tictac?!,i've put 16 hours into this and i just got the game yesterday... somebody help me
,Recommended,294100,24390302,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DoGy AUT,"Insane fun game, the amount of stories what can happen to your colony/tribe is mind blowing with all the attention to the details.Example of one of my stories:Had a guy nicknamed Amigo, was a pyromaniac. That trait makes him randomly ignite stuff and he also refuses toextinguish fire. So one day he decides to freaking burn my whole farm and forest. A huge fire takes place which then additionally also burned half of my main house as it was made out of wood. Everyone helped to take ot the fire except that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ofc. Luckily before everything got too late it started raining which safed my colony.Some months later he tried to flirt with the married woman of my best colonist, she turned him down. He went full retard and wanted to burn something down - knowing the outcome I ordered my bodyguard to knock him down with a club. The fight made him mad so I tied him up and put him in his room. After a few days he was healed and could move again (my bodyguard really messed him up).I really thought that I have control about Amigo now back, but then that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goes mad again and ♥♥♥♥ing ignites his own room - while he was imprisioned there (must be really desperate for women, as he tried it with every female he could find), In the proces Merlen the bodyguard went off to stop the chaos, in the heat of battle (literally heat) he knocked him down again.Beeing mad at him I had no other choice than to execute him this time. So Merlen went with him into his repaired room and finished of his friend. After that drama he got burried and things started to went back to normal -1 worker.Sadly two days later all the other coloniest got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by raiders (ironically in that raider group Amigos brother was taking part of it too). Fun fact Merlen was originally from that faction too, but I captured him (while his mate got killed in the attack on the colony) and recruited him for my cause.Happy End.Don't get fooled by the ""Early Access"" tag - this game is fully functional and nearly bugfree."
76561197961372576,Recommended,294100,25187304,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Delor,"Rimworld is, essentially, a game in the Dwarf Fortress management/builder genre.  Compared to DF, however, it's much more tightly focused and scoped and a lot more easy to control.  It has a wide array of interesting encounters.  It even manages to serve up some reasonably compelling combat, frequently a weakness in these games, via the expediency of having combat be directly controlled by the player instead of relying on mushy indirect AI orders.Complaints?  Relatively few and far between.  It's occasionally a bit unwieldy to manually have something moved somewhere, units don't automatically override behavior/location based forbiddances when manually ordered to do something, and getting a unit to manually do multiple related tasks (say, build multiple segments of a wall you want prioritized) is awkward.  Hunting AI is poor- units will stand at maximum range and plink all day at something instead of closing to a range where they have reasonable accuracy prior to firing.  Medicine usage (none/herbal/good/exceptional) is per-character, which can force a lot of micro to ensure you don't waste you entire stock of medicine treating low-risk injuries like bruises.  Etc, etc.On a meta level, I feel like the endgame could use a bit tweaking- I got to spaceship building before I'd even fully exploited the tech tree, and once I got there the notion of sitting around griding time and resources to build the spaceship was unappealing.Still, my time with the game so far has been compelling and addictive.If you like the genre, I'd highly recommend RimWorld.  It is currently my favorite entry one of these kinds of games."
,Recommended,294100,26998836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,r0ner,"Makes you question your humanity.A really well polished game, going to comeback and sink more hours in to complete a playthrough and try different means of victory. The amount of things to do and ways to play the game is mind boggling.Shining example of what a survival sim should be."
,Recommended,294100,29044911,Posted: 5 January,all,Shogo,"This game will imprint Murphy's Law into your brain forever.As a veteran of Dwarf Fortress, there have been many attempts at cloning the legendary game's masochistic ""Fun"" that grabs you like you just did a line and slaps you in the face, leaving you to beg for more. While I have logged many hours in Gnomoria and Towns, and other such games, they just have not been able to keep my attention for long. Whether it be poor AI, a feeling of general disconnect with the world, or just simply, lack of enough ""Game"" to be interesting, it seems like Rimworld has finally hit the bullseye.Hell, this game might even captivate me more than dwarf fortress at this point. With its absolutely beautiful soundtrack reminiscent of both Prison Architect's (Same composer, I think) and poking a teeny bit at the nostalgia for Firefly, the world feels both alive, and interactive. If you want to and you think you are up to snuff, you can siege an enemy town, picking off bandits with precision down to the finger. But beware, however powerful you feel you are, the game will always, and I mean ALWAYS cut you down to size.While I've found Randy Random, ironically, to be the most balanced, and the easiest of gamemodes, Playing him on rough and above is just as masochistic as picking Cassandra or Phoebe. Beware their lulls, they can and will destroy you without a second though. And you. Will. Love. It.Oh, and Workshop! And mods! Did I mention mods? I probably should have!TL:DR This game is crack cocaine, and in its Alpha state, holds its own against the current king of Colony games, Dwarf FortressYes. Yes. And Yes. This was my best purchase of 2016."
,Recommended,294100,34315102,Posted: 17 August,all,Fried Chiggen,╱╱┏╮╱╱┃┃▉━╯┗━╮▉┈┈┈┈┃▉╮┈┈┈┃╱╰━━━╯
,Recommended,294100,25456783,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Urizen,I haven't been this captivated by a game in a long time. Rimworld is amazing.
,Recommended,294100,32964451,Posted: 28 June,all,Pankes,"Was waiting for it to be on sale during the summer sale, was a little mad it wasn't. I decided to buy it anyways because I heard since the game is pretty much done it will be going up to 50 dollars. Picked up, played it, and enjoyed the hell out of it. Its a suuuuuuuupppppppppper relaxing colony building game (well unless you like some really good challenge, you can do that too. This is my new late night relaxing game, and I have no regret at all picking it for the full price now."
,Recommended,294100,24472252,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Din,"Played Rimworld since Alpha 8, took a break for a while before Steam release and now back in action!This games is awesome, gameplay - Dwarf Fortress, graphics - Prison Architect, what could be better?You build, automate, manage your colony, trade, upgrade, expand, fight against the agressors.When i first played Rimworld, i found myself late at night, not willing to press ""Save & Quit"". Highly addictive, which is good :)After you're done with vanilla - try mods, they give the game a second breath."
,Recommended,294100,31832821,Posted: 18 May,all,Karadorn,"Game VersionAlpha 16 RimWorldPROSFunLots of VariationNot Graphic Intensive for lower end computersCONSEven the huge world is to tiny for me! Though I have a powerful computer.NOTESRimWorld is an amazing survival building game from an eagle eye point of view. It is fun to see your colonists run around trying to survive with little food, a cold winter, and a hoard of bandits coming right for them. This game has so much you can do! Do you want to be a bunch of cyborgs who kill anyone that comes near? You can do that! Want to be a cannible colony that takes prisoners and eats them? You can do that? Want to torture prisoners by removing their body parts for your own use? You can do that! With a vibrant modding community I swear I will be playing this game when I am 60 years old. This game should be on the top 100 games you should buy when you download steam. If you want to increase your fun go to Steam Workshop and download some of the great mods available."
76561197993697603,Recommended,294100,24834490,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,dphalen2,"I'm a very picky Gamer.  Have played hundreds or more games, but this one is truly a gem!  I have no doubt that RimWorld is destined for the classics category...Just keep up the positive momentum designers.  You Rock!"
76561198104204753,Recommended,294100,31947390,Posted: 25 May,all,Camdalf the White,This is how early access should be done. Absolutely wonderful game that just gets better with every new update/alpha build. Mods expand on it even more and many have even become part of the base game. Absolutely worth buying.
76561198070171287,Recommended,294100,28727586,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blessed,BUY IT. SHUT UP AND BUY IT.
,Recommended,294100,26634616,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,This game is great and has a huge learning curve to it. I haven't played Dwarf Fortress so it was hard for me to know what to do with my colonists in my first several runs. I played The SIMS and Prison Architect so knind of much managenet and free will are kind of similar. I had manage to get one colony with 14 members off a planet already!
76561198084433457,Recommended,294100,24579910,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ljones1986,i feed my enemies to my man eating monkeys . if that doesnt make you wana buy this game then nothing will
,Recommended,294100,25616340,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The holy mac n cheese,Never ever ever start a colony with people who cannot cook..You will end up wiping yourself out with food poisening  x.x
,Recommended,294100,25053801,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,G-Dawg!,"Where to start, well this is one of those sneaky little games that isn’t over hyped and you accidently stumble up on it while browsing the endless Steam Library. You read a few reviews and think well this sounds great. It was a little above my impulse buy for an Early Access title but I decided to give it a go anyway.I have to say I’m very happy with my purchase and I can see this game being one of those games that I just keep playing, unlike many AAA titles that I try for 2-3 hours and never return.RimWorld is a game of substance and is quite a solid vanilla experience from what I’ve seen so far. My first Colony only lasted 3 hours, before one of my starter characters Esme went mental and had a massive breakdown, deciding to burn the place down while the Colony slept, all because her cat had died the day before and she was in bad place. This left her all alone and she was unable to fend for herself, slowly fading each day.The gameplay itself is a little complex when you're first start, I’ve heard comparisons to it being a Simpler Dwarf Fortress (which is a title I’ve never played myself), yet I’m sure there are plenty of people who know what I’m talking about.I have to say though once you find your footing in this game, it becomes quite satisfying, at times it’s relaxing yet there are random moments of madness here and there to keep you on your toes, with mad animals, raids, and other survivors running for their lives from other tribes etc. all threatening the survival of your Colony.I’m now on my second Colony and I’m doing a lot better, I’ve got the basic needs covered, Food, Power, Shelter etc. I seem to have a good team this time and I’m hoping this one makes it a little further, I’ve started to do research and I feel that it’s starting to come together nicely.If you want to play a fun, challenging Colony simulator, that has a good amount of substance, even in early alpha, and can throw out some good stories to you, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,294100,25277966,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ithics,Colony got wiped out by a group of wild beavers....10/10!
76561197970014330,Recommended,294100,24464628,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Khaosmarine,"I don't really go for these survival sim type games, but on recommendation from a friend I picked this up yesterday.  Do I recommend it YES, WHOLE HEARTEDLY YES!!  Rather than a review (I'm terrible at reviewing stuff) let me give you a rough synopsis of my current colony.We crash land on a planet, slowly beginning to get our bearings and some shelter, storage and garden built.  All of a sudden we notice a Timber Wolf nearby, is it friendly or hostile?  Our resident Hunter would rather not take a chance, so breaks out his rifle and fires a number  of times.  Out of 6 shots, 2 hit their mark, but sadly all this seems to do is♥♥♥♥♥♥the wolf off, who comes charging at our Hunter, he fumbles reloading and ends up having to take off at speed to try and avoid getting eaten,  obiviously the Wolf is faster than our Hunter so he's constantly being nipped at the heals.ANOTHER ALERT!!A Squirrel has gone nuts and is attacking one of the other colonists, chasing her down until she collapses from her wounds far from base.  She needs rescuing, so I send out my final colonist to bring her home.  In the mean time our Hunter is looking a lot worse for wear and is slowly making his way back to base with wolf in tow.  He just makes it inside in time.  Wolf starts banging at the door trying to get in.Cut to the other 2 colonists, they're now helping each other back to base, after the Squirrel attack, unaware there is a Timber Wolf trying to get in.Oh no, he's seen them, just before they get through the door to safety he pounces, killing one and severely injuring the other.  Wolf passes out due to his injuries from the Hunter.Hunter heres the commotion die down and begins to head towards the door, completely unaware his pet cat, enraged by the smell of blood, attacks him and leaves him immobile on the floor.So now I have 2 immobile survivors and absolutely nothing I can do, but wait for the infections to set in and kill them.Just when I had given up all hope, a native comes to our area to join our happy little colony, he carries the injured to their beds, treats their wounds and feeds them, before going to bed himself.and that my friends is where I have left this story.  I can't wait to see what happens next.What will your story be?"
76561198293902115,Recommended,294100,25644908,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cheeesepotato,"Played about 50 or so hrs with just the basic game. Now that I've discovered mods, I'm afraid there might be no end for me."
76561198006216609,Recommended,294100,25353759,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hedgehog,If you haven't played this game you should.It is worth every penny!
76561198052170311,Recommended,294100,24348450,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[NCE]Kassutera,"This game has a learning curve (recommended you play on base builder mode or chillax mode to learn the game if you are new) but otherwise the game is awesome. Great mechanics, the AI is pretty decently smart and each colonist comes with a distinct personality. I couldn't have found a better game where your colonists can both get The Plague and food poisoning at the same time and I'm not even mad that my colonists died to it. There are suprises and events when you least expect them especially on randy random mode. I have waited a long time for this game to be on steam and can honestly say its 30 bucks well spent :)"
,Recommended,294100,26971154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,looz,"Like Dwarf Fortress but less intimidating to approach. Perfect for someone who isn't quite prepared to climb the learning curve of DF.Great developer too, this game has incredible potential - and even now it's good."
,Recommended,294100,27028181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Luke,"I nominated this game for ""The Best Use of a Farm Animal"" award. You'll just have to trust me on this."
76561197960694364,Recommended,294100,26284287,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Arctic Monkey,"Imagine this: take some of the crisis management of FTL and mix it with some open-world resource-gathering survival aspects of Don't Starve.  Add a research tech tree, enough tools to stretch your creativity with time/resource/task management a little bit similar to Prison Architect, and throw in some hilarious and often tense character interactions.  Make the game easy enough to build mods for that the community runs wild and adds tons of fantastic content.  Then try something totally crazy and have the *story itself* be procedurally generated.  This doesn't sound like a great combination ot ideas to put into a single game, but it works so well it blows me away.  Everyone likes to share the stories they experienced, and below is my favorite.I created the entire crew of Firefly complete with quirks and relationships, then over a few years of game time had them carefully carve out a massive cave in the side of a mountain in the shape of the Serenity ship hull, acurrate in scale and layout to the ""real"" thing.  I was overjoyed when Mal and Inara hit it off right away and eventually got married, and Kaylee eventually found some romance with a wandering native she helped rescue.  They were really unhappy for a while until the crew quarters were finished with double-beds so they could finalle snuggle together at night.  It was a challenge protecting all the livestock from bandits and keeping the forest from burning during those dry thunderstorms.  But in the end, I love my crew.Here are a few of the notes from that game (mostly how Simon is terrible):-Day 4: Jon wanders into camp and joins up, looking for big game.  Over the years he gets his fill while fighting some maneater muffalo and lost his hand, and later while fighting a mad pack of rhinos he lost his nose and left leg, and his left eye later on defending against some raiders.  Poor guy.-Day 17: Jon broke and threw a tantrum because he was cold, because he slept in the freezer, like an idiot-Day 41: The god****ed rabbits are multiplying so fast they are eating all the grass and starving themselves, so we're butchering all that are starving, that'll teach 'em-Day 66: Simon, when rebuffed by Inara, went on a rage streak.  He didn't cause much damage because he's so weak. But he lost his right pinky when he picked a fight with one of my huskies.  Mal came to knock his a** out.-Day 67: Simon showing signs of cracking mostly because he's been turned down by Kaylee and Inara (who is married, what a jerk).  Yep, Simon is a little child and broke because of hideous environment.  He started attacking River, who just recovered from her own mental break and was still naked.  Janye knocked his a** out.-Day 68: Simon, being the bbaby that he is, goes berserk and attacks a husky again.  Zoe has none of his crap, disrespecing Mal's party, and punches him to the floor.  He can heal in bed during the party.-Day 72: Middle of the night some bugs spawned and wrecked the crew.  Booke lost a leg, everyone lost some blood.  Simon, once again, went berserk because he's a stupid child and couldn't handle it.  I hate that guy.-Day 101: Overnight a dry thunderstorm threatened to burn our fodder and livestock, tried putting it out.  Simon is a tard.  He keeps catching on fire while trying to put it out.  He is so damn useless.-Day 131: The crew discovers they can capture bandits and harvest organs from the prisoner to transplant into the crew (mostly Jon) to repair battle damage.-Day 135: We are no longer worried about harvesting organs.  So Wash threw a party.  Too bad we're going to harvest some more.-Day 139: Captured a new victim to harvest organs from, muwahaha.-Day 200'ish: The Serenity cave is finished.  There was a new alpha relesase that broke my save game unfortunately, and that was the end of that story."
,Recommended,294100,24985974,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Josh,"Three Colonists and a dog, Colonist 1 goes crazy then proceeds to kill the Colonist number 2 and the dog. Colonist number 3 kills number 1 and then starts consuming their flesh10/10 will cannibalize again"
,Recommended,294100,24966585,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,♪ EvilSaltcracker,"So since this seems to be a common thing, I'll write my story so far!      v Summary Below vSoooo....  (I got screenshots of my building progress too and I used some mods)....I landed in an area that was a mountainous Jungle, one my people (Engie, Mie and Dusty (all girls)) started building a bigger wooden block, designed to become a Prison in the future, while one was out on the fields growing lots of rice and the last one was constructing a wall at a mountain preparing a food storage, stove and butcher table to make simple meals.soon they finished building the wooden block, turning it into a multi room place to live in.The days went by calm, till one day a single Raider decided that he wanted to be captured, since I already had 7 sleeping rooms I made one of them to a prisoner cell. He was useless though i thought what could go wrong and started recruiting him, days past by and a crazed boar attacked Dusty destroying her thumb and middle finger, after she bear handedly beat the boar to death she went into bed and slept for the day after being treated by Mie.While Mie finally got Ozog to join our colony Engie finished building a complete cooling system for our food storage.Then the second attack, some random guy and Tail attacked me, one died his brain being smashed to potato paste, Tail however, was captured and brought into Ozog's old Prison cell.Mie only needed one day to convince Tail to stay. As Ozog had been useless, I made him to a cook (He was passionate about cooking but had only 4 in Cooking), Tail was an artist so I built a Sculptors table for her in my lobby. Tail was already good at making sculptures so we filled our home with nice decorations making everybody happier about the place.The days passed by and Ozog got together with Engie, after only 4 Days they broke up because Ozog wanted to marry her.This made Ozog unhappy for a long time. He had mental breakdowns almost every 2-3 days...He was a Pyromaniac so he tried to set everything on fire, and as he was a cook he burnt down my food stock leaving me with no other choice but to quickly hunt animals to restock on food. Engie was my best shooter and so she stopped constructing and started hunting. our stocks were rising again and soon the next rice harvest was due to happen Dusty was sent to tame and train boars as they are able to carry. Things seemed great and everyone was happy then one day there was a Radio transmission asking for help, I had no defenses but I accepted, and brought her to safety. No attacker survived. Then I noticed that the one I saved, named Philly was actually Ozog’s mother, she abandoned the Pirate group to join me. Engie was again constructor and Philly took place for mining and hunting.Next up was researching, I put a simple research bench in my lobby. Mie started to research as she had nothing better to do anyways…Days passed by and soon I was finished with researching stonecutting and meanwhile another attack happened this time I captured a girl named Petra. She was good at crafting so she became my stonecutter.I switched all wood walls with Stone ones and made my cooling room bigger.Now Ozog and Tail were in a relationship- after a raid where he and Tail got injured (he lost his left lung and a finger) he asked her to marry him and she accepted. Great times were ahead of us!My base was ever expanding I started to build into a local mountain next to my cooling room. My item storage was set to be there, and deeper into the mountain were my sleeping rooms. I also built my first defenses.A long time passed my cooling room was expanded to have corpses separated from my Kitchen. My dining room was put above while also cooled so that my fine meals could be stored there.Mie cleaned when she was free, Dusty was growing crops and training boars like usual we also had a new prisoner, Squirt.He and his 5 Friends were caught in a crossfire but he had a Personal shield and survived.We now were armed with sniper rifles and survival rifles and no one needed a pistol or worse. Squirt however was a brawler unwilling to use ranged weapons he was good with medicine so he also became a doctor, what was good because soon after my people got sick and the plague was spreading. 4 of my 8 people were sick with it my before then only doctor Mie luckily we had spared all the normal medicine so I was able to build me some hospital beds and let them stay in my hospital,days later they recovered once again beginning to work.An escape pod landed nearby with Fleetie inside I rescued him and as a thanks he stayed with me, two weeks later It turned out that Tail started an affair with him. Ozog now hated his wife.As we were attacked we gained more people no one died as my defenses slowly expanded, my allied factions sent me people when I asked for help and as such no problems occurred. Until one day, we just survived a raid as a big horde of wargs attacked My allies were almost all killed I saved 3, two stayed with me (modded) because they felt gratitude for saving their lives (after almost killing them).Their names were Scotty and Cortez, Cortez got married to Engie.And Scotty lost his arm in a fight against an ancient alien ship, I replaced it with a bionic one.Soon all the people with missing body parts were fixed up and one of my newcomers Krieger was turned Bionic (still working on completing him) New legs and arms were added. Before him there were 1 girl (Zinaida) and 2 guys (MacDaddy and Merritt) they were all from the same batch of enemies- after him only Benway was recruited all other captured enemies had their needed organs chopped out so I could implant them into my guys that needed them (Ozog’s lung and eye) after that I let them go back home because I’m a nice guy.Day 243 – Tail and Fleetie broke up (Ozog now sleeps with her again)Edit: Day 248 - Krieger and Benway MarriedMy Base now is a secure place waiting for enemies but that can wait for the future…….// Aka. I now am were I am in game…. Except details at the end because I got bored and wanted to stop at some point (2 pages long already and maybe because it's 4am)(TL- didn’t read – the game is great at making story’s. If you let the game. And if you don’t suck because the game can ♥♥♥♥ you really bad if you’re not doing it right)Some other thigs to note -The good:-Nice game idea with a lot of potential-Mods make the somewhat lacking tabs good (Medical tab, Working tab, the manager mod)-Cool base building-Mix of economy and military management-many more things that are minor and I can’t be bothered to write downThe bad:-Steep price that turns off many people (for me worth it though)-lacking defenses-weak enemy AI-lack of endgame - I mean building a ship to send away people that you painfully cultivated ?! Never! (Edit 4: Wanderlust added new ways of playing your endgame, moving to a new place or building a second base for other things is now possible!)-YOU CAN GET LIKE 5 DESIEASES ON ONE PERSON IN LIKE 3 DAYS THAT’S FUFUUUUUUU-some other little AI crap that will sooner or later be fixedEdit 2: -No good soulution for removing Power conduits (Edit 4: now there is a mod for that tho!)Edit 3: - No good soulution for replacing walls (Edit 4: also a mod out there now!)---If you really can’t stand RNG based games and/or have the worst RNG ever then don’t get it, else if you like the good above, get it, you’re going to get your money out of it. (maybe not if you’re really bad at games though)---Summary:Get the game if you’re into base building, managing and aren’t a complete failure at playing games."
,Recommended,294100,26399603,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[GttC] Life,"RimWorld is a fantastic game. There's a lot of obvious surface similarities with Prison Architect, but that's no bad thing and it's also absolutely its own game doing its own things.Every game is different thanks to the complex relationships between colonists that range from hilarious to utterly tragic, and the random events that occur on your colony world provide a constant challenge, so there's a lot of replayability here. It's also very well supported and it is being actively developed and improved upon. I can definitely recommend it highly to anyone."
76561198072276180,Recommended,294100,27962994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lumbear,"Looking for an extra challenge I decided to start a colony in the ice sheet biome.3 unfortunate survivors land in the cold forbiding wasteland of the rimworld knwon as ""Still Warmer than Russia"". Mal was our hunter, cook and medic, she also took care of Cheetah; the colonies labradour retrivor. Princess was a pyromaniac that also had a knack for crafting and construction, last of all was Frank and he wasn't good at much but he was friendly and liked everyone. First couple days where rough as we tried to set up a base for when the temperature dropped, most of the resources came from mining and the few cargo drops.8 days since crashlanding. When food was running low Mal went out to hunt a herd of muffalo, at first it was going well 4 of the 7 muffalo went down without a fight but the last three went manhunter and charged Mal. She was able to kill one and fataly injur the second but in its dying thralls the muffalo crushed Mals skull and she died instantly. This drove Cheetah into a rage and he attacked the last 2 Muffalo with no thought of his own safety. After a epic struggle Cheetah emerged victorious; wounded and sad he returned home; no longer mad with rage. In the next couple days temperture started dropping and the Muffalo's were prepared into enough meals for the rest of the year and warm clothes where made from the leather. Frank dug one grave behind the house and laid Mal's body in it.26 days since crashlanding. All was looking up untill Princess decided to start a fire in her room despite the fact that it was already heated with an electric heater. Being a Pyromaniac she was unable to stop the flames from consuming her and she died leaving nothing but a pile of ashes. Frank dug two graves beside Mal's, he placed Princess' ashes in one. Looking at the one empty grave left he thought to himself who would bury his body when the time came... pushing the thought to the back of his mind he kept working. Frank, now alone with Cheetah, had to brave to cold forbiding winter with no help. However food was plentyful and the new geothermal power was heating the small house he lived in, as long as nothing went wrong he would be set until help arrived.32 days since crashlanding. Frank goes out to gather some wood from a cargo drop, apon returning to the house he noticed some dirt tracked into the dining room. DIRT IN THE DINING ROOM! HOW COULD ONE LIVE LIKE THIS! It was to much for Frank, this was the last straw, and he broke; running outside in -40c wasteland he stripped of his clothes and yelled at the stars for the cruel reality he was forced to live in. Death came quickly and in the morning nothing could be seen but the fresh blanket of snow that buried the events of last night.Cheetah lived warm and feed for the rest of the winter in the hut. Later another colonist joined that literally could do nothing but hunt and make art, his name was Min. A few days later a exotic trader came by and we were out of food so I sold Cheetah to preserve his life and let Min starve after buring Franks frozen body.This game is excellent, mods support is great, very few bugs, great sound track  and most of all it is replayable to the extreme. Just get it, get it now."
76561198019273223,Recommended,294100,25016868,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,halcyon328,The Dwarf Fortress style game you've always wanted. Fans of Prison Architect will enjoy it.
,Recommended,294100,27077096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paticus Roth,"As someone with nearly 3,000 hours in Dwarf Fortress.This game is better."
76561198038867851,Recommended,294100,25277665,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rhace,"I wish I could say my Rimworld story was like everyone elses, where a group of nobodies makes a name for themselves and lasts a few years until that badass Alamo shootout kills everyone in a blaze of glory. I wish I could say I raised my group of scavengers into a force to be reckoned with, with guns and turrets and state of the art facilities. I wish my experience was like that.It was not.My experience was, to put it bluntly, harrowing.I had chosen the start where you start as a single individual, with good equipment and a history of living a luxury life on a Glitterworld. I was a woman barely in her twenties, who had fought a war shortly and had a good hand at shooting while also being able to build fortifications in record time. My name was Engie, and this was going to be a great experience full of adventure and riches.I had landed near a mountainous region, and decided to make a highly defensible position based on single doors and lots of turrets. I only made rooms that were directly within the mountain, with my farms outside in the natural sunlight and weather. The first few months were quiet, with a few settlers coming in to join the newly crowned Daedalus Outpost and make themselves a home made by the sweat of their own brow. Everything was peachy and perfect, with an emphasis on helping one another and making sacrafices so that the greater good would prosper.After awhile the raiders would come and attempt to enslave or steal, but the sentries were always there to defend the settlers while Engie and a select few made shots with pulse rifles and slugthrowers. No matter what they did, the multi-layered defense system was always there to protect and keep the populace safe. Eventually, they stopped altogether. At first, we thought it was because our system was impenetrable. We were completely wrong, and we realized it when a green haze came over the horizon and everything in it's vicnity started to die out. A toxic fallout had come to our region, and we had no idea how long this was going to last.I won't say what happened during that fallout, because to recount such an event is to fill this story with even more dread than what is to come. I can only imagine the raiders who came in the dead of winter, noting how everything was cold and lifless around the mountain. They had come prepared for a fight against the sentries, but all of them were shut down from what seemed to be a lack of power. The raider burst through one of the doors, and started to try and find the residents, wary of an ambush or surprise fire. They found the door to the walk-in freezer, and opened it.One can only imagine what they thought, when they saw the last resident of Daedalus Outpost.In there sat Engie, the original survivor and the leader of this group of individuals. This wasn't the founder that the raiders had heard stories about, with her bravado and deadshot aim that was the bane of attackers everywhere. This was a much more harrowing version, covered in blood and clothed in a parka that was undoubtedly made from human skin. Surrounding her was a copious amount of blood and meat, which may have not been easily identifiable if one of the original residents hadn't been strewn across the butcher's table, missing limbs and body chunks.When she saw the raiders, Engie screamed and charged at them with only her bare fists. Obviously having been driven mad by the necessity to eat her friends, she went towards the raiders with a desire for more meat, more food to survive this decaying land of death. She didn't even make it halfway towards them when a bolt went straight through her eye and out the back of her head.The raiders left empty handed, running out of the mountain to go back to their homes where such a terrifying experience may be forgotten. Daedalus Outpost was abandoned, a once prospering settlement that turned into a dead zone of legend. The only clue as to what may have happened there was deep in the mountain, where a freezer room held the remains of a savage and the meat of her friends."
,Recommended,294100,24387360,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,HaWkz,Had 4 survivors.2 died during a raid.1 survivor felt terrible. (Accidentally killed a survivor).1 wanted to celebrate with a social party. (His ex-wife died during the raid).10/10 IGN.
,Recommended,294100,25220364,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dingo,"Rimworld is a very good game on its own, but is still being actively developed with additional content. Mods for this game are highly mature and expand the base game even more, making it a truly diverse and enjoyable simulation of running a colony.If you have fond memories of the early days of Minecraft and Terraria, enjoy games like Prison Architect or Cities: Skylines and want a game that tries to blend everything together, look no further. It might seem overwhelming but it really isn't hard to pick up and play right off the bat."
76561198015456313,Recommended,294100,25405649,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,hellbiter88,"I found this game had a steep learning curve. Thankfully the latest alpha release includes a tutorial and sort of an in-game ""wiki"" for different items. The game itself is beyond fantastic. This game is early access but honestly plays better than most stable live releases. Once you understand the game, you can customize virtually every aspect of your colony by setting gamerules--and the rich modding community allows for some truly epic possibilities.As for the gameplay itself, it functions as a 2D survival/base-builder game. You select a group of colonists who crashland on a ""rimworld"", a sort-of ""backwater planet"" on the edges of space. Your goal is to build a self-sustaining colony and ultimately construct another ship to leave the planet (although you can easily just sandbox this game and you really never have to leave). There are multiple difficulty settings, and there are even built-in debug tools if you enjoy cheating/pure sandboxing it.Gameplay includes building, hunting, combat, agriculture, production lines/crafting, trade, and even medicine. The latter is a particularly interesting aspect because not only can you treat injuries, you can perform surgeries on your colonists such as organ transplants, bionic upgrades--and you can even harvest prisoner's organs and sell them on the black market. Newest update lets you grow, manufacture and sell drugs, as well, if that's your type of thing.There really is no limit to this game. It's a complete time-sink and one of the most entertaining EA games I've ever owned."
,Recommended,294100,24539134,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sliced Ham 2012 (🤠 Ride 'Em),"In the almost 4 days I have owned this game, I've gotten so many stories out of failure or success. Rimworld is truly a good game. Now, I know it may sound copy-pasted that I mention Dwarf Fortress, but Rimworld never fails to make me miss the days of old when I played DF day and night. There are tons of things to do in Rimworld despite the fact it's in alpha, which took me by surprise honestly. I'm gonna chop my review up in to 3 parts to give you a better understanding of the game.You heard this is like Dwarf FortressIf you came here thinking either this would be like DF or something close, you aren't wrong. Rimworld seems to always generate stories comparable to it. This game is nowhere near as complex without mods, however. The lack of enemy types and events in comparison is also a bit bad, but to be fair Rimworld is in alpha and has consistent updates. The fights are more about player knowledge of the combat system; in DF it's more about stats than anything. In Rimworld the cover system plays a huge part in whether you win fights. Finally, Rimworld makes you reallyfeelfor your people and animals. That is due in large part to the fact that you tend to be limited to smaller numbers of both than in Dwarf Fortress. In all honesty DF is still much mroe complex and better than this game in many many ways, but Rimworld is truly something special and only serves to prove that these kind of games are simply amazing.Pros and ConsPros-Makes awesome stories-Mods are amazing and add very much to the game, with some even being incorporated into the game itself-Great dev-Very good controls-Can actually challenge you some times no matter how good you are-Tactical gunfights-Pretty meaty amount of stuff to doCons-Usually on the smaller side of max colonists you can have-Pretty steep learning curve, though I personally loved that-The mood system still needs work (ie A miner decides the mine looks ugly since it's made of stone and kills himself)-The raids can be massive with sometimes triple the number of people you haveA Tale of Love and RevengeThis review wouldn't be complete without a little story of my own from my most recent and best colony. This is the story of Seraph and his wife Whitney.They had both survived since the crash with minimal issue, other than Seraph's missing left index finger and Whitney's now mechanical arm, of course. It had been nearly 3 years since they built the first rooms, and all was well. Then one day Inga, our main negotiator, answers the comm to find out a space marine was being chased by tribals and needed help. I thought ""Hey, a good shot would be great for that minigun I have."" and decided to bare the assault of low tech savages. What I wasn't ready for was themassiveammount of them. With all my colonists AND the marine I only had 9 people, while they were attacking with almost 30. With our 5 cougars and 3 timber wolves as a reinforcement team in the event our technology proved not enough, I figured we would win with no trouble at all. Then Seraph lost his arm to a great bow and just kinda snapped. He went in with his trusty uranium longsword and hacked down as many as 4 of the damned locals before getting his skull bashed in. Whitney had been on the other side of the base and had just come through the door to see her husband get his brains splattered all over the defensive area. She was always something special in combat, wearing power armor and a shield in addition to a bionic arm with retactable claws; she was a melee godess using her masterwork steel gladius. I sent her out as I had no other melee users left and most of my shooters were down or running away. She charged forth with, what I imagine, anger and hate burning in her heart. She butchered all the remaining Tribespeople, sending arms flying, heads rolling, eyes to the ground, and bringing internal organs to the light of day. She had lost her right eye in the fight, the result of a spearman's attack on her. I may have lost my best hunter that day, but I gained the most badass warrior of all time.Overall I give Rimworld a solid 9/10 and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes these type of games."
,Recommended,294100,25721597,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Angry Hymen,"Watched Robbaz play this game on his stream, so far its the only game that I've seen him play and that I have purchased which wasn't a total mistake... 10th times the charm...10/10 game"
76561198135778694,Recommended,294100,29128724,Posted: 8 January,all,Grieve-tanRoss,"Ah Lovecraft mods. No matter what game they managed to slither into they always makes for interesting stories. This is one such story.The planet I ended up with was a desert with a large number of mountains and a huge ♥♥♥♥ing ocean. So I go the rich explorer and give myself a little boost in wood and cloth. I crash land into a tundra. There are pockets of rabbits and squirrels, along with some Elephants. So I build a little♥♥♥♥♥♥shack and get to work building into a nearby mountain. And after a few days my colonist (Wendy) suddenly runs off. I see her go towards this spooky lookin' monolith. She stands there for a second and then goes back to her room. She then makes an Occult Grimoir and takes a huge mood debuff. This is where things take a fun turn. I build into another mountain and mine out a giant church and occult research room. I get it all floored and lighted up and set to work. While researching weird symbols Wendy turns into a Cultist. Nice. She then names her cult the Esoteric Order of Dagon...fitting. I craft her up some robes and a Cthulhu mask. I then end up making an altar and sacrificing some rabbits for power. Then I get the message, two people join me in obsession of joining my cult... alrighty. I craft them up some robes and get them some beds in already mined out rooms.Now we skip to season later. I've held off countless raids from the local tribes and even some Deep Ones. Wendy is now head cultist and everyone has a good life. My mountain base is now a fortress equipped with untold eldritch horrors trapped within the stone. I am now fairly well equipped with some guns and a many melee weapons. My colony is now 7 strong and has no signs of stopping. Sermons are held for Great Cthulhu and father Dagon. But life is kinda boring as while the Lovecraft storyteller can be brutal it doesn't really give you a ton of events to work with. So I gather my cultists find a nearby coastal village. So I caravan up and gather my most loyal followers and set to work. We arrive to what can only be described as a shanty town. I draw a rune and wait. Now when the first thing you research on, on the forbidden research table is figuring out what all those ♥♥♥♥ing symbols are. And when done researching you can then make a rune that attracts Deep Ones. They will defend the rune with their life until they are all dead. The towns people put up a fairly good fight and even managed to take down a Greater Deep One. But that was all for naught as they were then slaughtered by the eldritch tide. Mopping up the Deep Ones was easy for me as Harpoon-guns work wonders against them. I then take all the coastal towns♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ back off to my colony. A great first raid, and there were still so many more to come. And while raiding coastal towns was fun for a little bit I got bored, but it was mostly because I killed all the coastal towns in my area. But something did come my way as one of the local tribes tried raiding me again, but this time...with an army. My guard of Deep Ones could only hold off the tide for so long before they got overwhelmed. My turrets did most of the killing, along with the more...unstable part of my colony. But they did♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, they killed the co-head cultist and Wendy's lover. Wendy fell into a deep depression and I had to straitjacket her so she wouldn't go off the rails and murder people. This lasted for some time, but Wendy did eventually get out of her stopper and started leading sermons and daily sacrifices once more. But she was out for revenge and as it turns out the tribe responsible for killing Wendy's lover was also the biggest tribe in the world. And thus began the war. It was easy at first as my tide of Deep Ones did most of the work for me, but the farther I pushed into their territory the harder the raids would get...and the wounded count would also get higher. Lucky was I that my underground farms has reaped a bountiful harvest this season and I had a plenty herbal medicine in stock. It did get tricky when a plague of insanity swept through my lands and rendered most of my colony null. It wasn't until Wendy herself died in battle that I was on a real disadvantage. She was there the longest and was friends with most people there. She also had some REALLY good stats. She did die fighting however. Taking many tribal people on her way out. I built her a special place of rest, right beside her lover.Fay the new Head Cultist took over and boy was she good with her social stats (it was the main reason I picked her). She was a non-violent soul however and would never engage in combat. This wasn't a huge problem, but I like a social leader more than one with a huge bloodlust. Our numbers grew greatly as we went from a mere 7 people to now 12, all of them cultists. I also had a pack of 4 people, all of them had the traits of, cannibal, psychopath (I forget what it's called correct me if I'm wrong), and bloodlust. I had them wear black goat heads and differing robes. I called them the Spawn of Dagon and they wrecked♥♥♥♥♥ All except for one used melee and the one who didn't was their leader. His name was Sven and he was a ♥♥♥♥ing monster in both ranged and melee. He also liked getting hurt so...that was a plus...I guess. But I used the Spawn for more ""covert"" operations. They did win me the war when we assailed their fortress of♥♥♥♥♥♥and mud. Well it was properly built for an NPC village, but the faction leader was there and blah blah blah. The final battle was to begin.The best way to describe the fortress is a wooden castle. But that's...slightly inaccurate. I began the siege with drawing 5 runes outside the ""walls"". The first wave of Deep Ones got ♥♥♥♥ing obliterated. I didn't really anticipate the number of arrows they were packing...the short answer is...too many. As the waves of eldritch horrors crashed upon their walls my cultists waited for the right time to charge in. The Spawn of Dagon however took a differing route. They dug into the mountain for a flanking assault. We did get the jump on a few archers held up inside a little shack. And with that we gained a small, but valuable foothold within the fortress. And with that I constructed not 1, not 2, but 7 runes. The tide of Deep Ones was spooky, but it would be worth it as Deep Ones now streamed into the fortress taking out many archers and guards inside their humble abode. And with the storm gate open, but overflowing. The Deep Ones did end up dying, but the damage they caused was massive to the point where I just sent my army to deal with the rest. And with most the damage done I took who I could prisoner including the faction leader. And while the war was won a larger threat came to my colony and destroyed it. An avatar of great Cthulhu came in the night and just ♥♥♥♥ing ganked my colony to an early grave. And with that The Chosen were mushed into the dirt.And thus ends our tale. I will be back with more tales in the future my friends, but for now. I bid you goodbye."
,Recommended,294100,25305472,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Proxava,Great game; one of the few early acess games not being corrupted with thousands of bugs.
,Recommended,294100,33163867,Posted: 2 July,all,Zaden,Great game!Better with mods
76561198054665394,Recommended,294100,28380438,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jjamjim,"I could not love this game more.. If you like strategy, survival and world building games, this game hits all of it and the depth of what is possible and the direction you choose to go is almost limitless. Best money I ever spent and it's not even done being created yet."
76561198082528056,Recommended,294100,31797236,Posted: 16 May,all,Lord McCheezy,"This game... oh my goodness, IT'S FAN-♥♥♥♥ING-TASTIC!!!Okay, I'm not one to write reviews often or in great detail, so take this with a grain of salt, but this sponge for my free time deserves the praise.RimWorld is a sci-fi colony management game about trying to survive on a randomly generated rimworld (roll credits). It basically allows you to take a small group of people, or pawns (1-5 with varying resources), and try (and usually fail) to make a thriving settlement for one reason or another, gaining more colonists and building the area into a sort of town. Before I deceide to ramble on about the game's mechanics, I'll give the short version: this is the best simulation game I have ever had the pleasure of playing, there are more cool mechanics and features than you could shake a stick at, and this is easily worth the pretty penny I spent on it with this much content already here with more on the way! Okay? Okay.Now for the long version:You can do a TON of stuff in this game. For example, let's say your town gets attacked by a group of members from the local pirate band. Among these attackers is the long lost brother of one of the colonists, Jenny, whom may become incredibly depressed if you kill him. So, you purposefully set aside a few people to flank him with non-lethal clubs and succeed in taking him and one of his buddies as prisoners. Naturally, you set aside the brother, named Fred, for recruitment by your best warden. However, his buddy, Dennis, having worthless stats and a severed hand (due to your poorly managed attack bear), is of little use to your thriving colony, aside from a nifty bionic eye, and is allowed time to heal in order to be sent back to his base as a sign of goodwill to improve relations between the pirates and your colony.While considering this, you soon discover that Fred has sustained a permanant injury in his eye, rendering him very ineffective in shooting long distances. To avoid a serious loss of his reputation (due to the 'disfigured' debuff caused by facial injuries) or possible usefulness, you decide to install a bionic eye to turn his disability into an advantage. In an effort to save resources, you opt to simply harvest the bionic eye in Fred's buddy, Dennis, along with a few non-vital organs, before sending him on his way to stumble back home. Fred, now new and improved, is soon recruited and you assign him to be the colony's main hunter, arming him with a worn assult rifle before sending him off with a Husky to bring in some extra meat before the approaching winter begins to set in.This is only scratching the surface of the stuff that can happen in RimWorld. So, I'm also going to tell you a (relatively) shorter story that happened in my last session in my Randy Random - Permadeath world. I just want to provide for those wierdos that look through RimWorld reviews for cool stories (A.K.A. me).The beginning was normal, the three colonists having been collectively sufficient for each job besides Research, which everyone was incapable of doing. There was Markus, Inessa, Valvara, and her dog, Nymph. Markus was the strong, heroic, military-type; Inessa was a pretty construction engineer with a passion for shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Varvara was a hulking woman that had a particular affinity for animals, gardening, and general outdoor activity, always caring for Nymph.Markus and Inessa were already hitting it off when Varvara's ex-lover, Bones, came begging for recluse from pursuing pirates, to which they had said yes. Bones was a greedy, jealous, neurotic nurse with a silver tongue. After the battle, the two pirates, Jenson and Wes, were captured as prisoners. Afterwards, Bones came forth with a secret: he was addicted to smokeleaf, a drug with one of the lowest chances to cause users to develop a dependency. Ashamed, he vowed to go cold turkey.As time went on, the colony of Jeweler's Ridge progressed in both size and fellowship. Markus and Inessa became engaged and Bones occasionally became enraged or dazed with his withdrawl symptoms, always refusing the option to take a joint for relief. Eventually, a terrible crisis occured: One day, while Varvara was hunting a pack of caribou with Nymph, a stray shot caused the entire herd to seek revenge on their attacker, Varvara. As Varvara ran back to the colony, Inessa and Markus thinned the herd's numbers as they approached. Unfortuantly, they had to retreat to their rooms before they could finish them off.While the caribou roamed Jeweler's Ridge for men to prey upon, Bones was still outside, near Nymph, wandering around in a beserk rage, due to his withdrawl, and attempted to fight the remaining caribou along side Nymph. It was only by sheer luck that the other colonists were able to kill the rest of the herd and save Bones, if only barely. Nymph was not so lucky, having been beaten to death by the maddened hooves of the caribou. Bones, after a slight patch up job, was left in his room as Markus and Varvara tried to clean up the mess outside and Inessa recovered from her own injuries. When Markus returned to finish Bones' treatment, he had already contracted an infection in his left shoulder with little chance of recovery. Markus desperately searched for medicine to amputate the arm and save his friend, but, sadly, he had already used the last of it on Inessa and himself. So, he did the only thing he could do: he put Bones out of his misery. He was later buried in a sarcophagus.But, soon after the burial, a man named Robert came crashing down in an escape pod, and Varvara recognized him as Bones' father! He confirmed this and, upon the recieval of the news on Bones' demise, he only said a few words before proceeding to what was now his room. Later, Markus witnessed Robert making various statues of Bones' achievements with tears in his eyes. He made two depicting the withdrawl induced rage that the others told him about, and one retelling Bones' successful trade deal that had greatly helped the colony through the winter. Although they have never shown it, Robert was very proud of his son and he, as well as Markus, would forever miss the devilish nurse that had once brightened their days and nights with the witty banter only found in the darkest crevices of humor that the world has to offer.(And yes, the events unrelated to characters talking all happened/are true. I still have no real idea why Robert had made the statues of his son, not only after his death, but also when he himself was never there to witness his son's achievements and only appeared after his death. I only made the little narrative additions to rationalize why certain things happened and to make the story a bit more interesting. Anyway, buy RimWorld; its awesome as♥♥♥♥♥♥)"
76561197967643963,Recommended,294100,33576543,Posted: 15 July,all,K. Penney,"This game literally SUCKED me into it, like the vacuum of space when your first colonists ship that ripped threw and forced them to evacuate to the harsh, pixelated landscape of RimWorld. I honestly don't normally enjoy management games. I bought this on a sale & whim in its first steam days, it sat around my library for some time before I tried it out. At first, it was still addictive if not simple & limited; but after many updates and huge improvements, the game is a vast world of exploration and hostile tribes. The most fantastic part are that mods don't really take anything away from your initial experiance nor replay, they only add more layers. Weapons, buildings, creatures, factions, world conversations, etc, etc! Add whatever and it simply just expands your possibilities and longevity of campaigns/colonies. I really haven't found such a time vampire of a title since rekindling my love with a title such as Civ. This game is a perfect blend of enough visuals, complex concepts, base building, world exploring, combat & risks associated, to foreseight of base dynamics to hindesight of your bases failures. After 30 minutes with your first colony, you'll either love this title or you'll be convinced it wasn't for you, and get your money back. Myself, I'll have replay value in this for years to come."
76561198125175834,Recommended,294100,27173619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ami Futami,An exceptionally steep learning curve gives way to a life-eating base builder/survival/roguelike.Seriously.  Play the tutorial.
76561198051906675,Recommended,294100,26365203,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Glimmy,"i will now recount a very tragic love storyour colony was thriving and we had just recruited a new member of our society, a woman which i named dracula. in her bio it said that she had a lover, james living far away somewhere. later i recieved a message that read that james himself was joining our colony. he must have longed for his lover dracula for some time and had finally decided to join her and be with her after all this time. truly a display of true love. after alot of planning and preparation james finally had the guts to propose to her but she coldheartedly rejected james and ended the relationship. after the soulcrushing rejection james lost his mind and went of a very sad wander to reflect over his life. he wandered for an entire night and when he came back she was waiting for him.....when he arrived she instatly insulted him and ofc he insulted back, that started an argument and that spiraled into a massive fist fight in which with one strong blow dracula murdered james, shattering his spine. then to avoid suspicion she hastily burried his shatterd body in a nearby open grave.after we reburried him in a sarcophagus as he deserved, what was he remembered for? his sad psycological breakdown..that poor sodmay you rest in peace jamesthis game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198071247184,Recommended,294100,28620048,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BatterieAAA,"Dont wait for a sale, this game is 100% worth its price"
76561198142800225,Recommended,294100,28657764,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BLamb,"Perhaps the best ""Five more minutes"" game"
,Recommended,294100,24374139,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GunnarRoxen,"My colonists had a party, got angry, had a punch up then binged on food after which one had a psychotic break, took off all his clothes and went and ran around in the rain for two days until he calmed down and sheepishly returned home.Love it!P.S. The game is great :)Update: it looks like the game is going to get more planteary activities - raiding other bases etc. I can't wait"
76561198094803132,Recommended,294100,29797804,Posted: 9 February,all,Inoue,Its a fantastic game if you play vanilla. But with the mods it will eat away your time.11/10
76561198029936369,Recommended,294100,32600719,Posted: 20 June,all,dek123456,"This game is awesome, good development team and a very in depth game."
76561197967223942,Recommended,294100,25458578,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MVBlake,"This is an Alpha 15c review, which isn't code, that's just the version.  Obviously.Yawn, another early access game primed ready to disappoint when the devs decide to go spend their hard earned money on wine and cheap hookers (hold the wine).  I can already feel the inevitable sense of betrayal in the air.I hope not.  I really, really hope not.This has quickly become one of my favourite games of all time.  Funny, sad, horrendous at times; few games have generated so many unexpected stories while I wasn't looking, and then slapped me round the face twice for not paying attention.  Like the time my bunch of colonists ran out of food in the middle of winter and ate the family dog, then a mad squirrel, then a lonely trader looking for some business.  We drank his beer though.  Like the time my colony set on fire and the internal temperature of the cabin hit over 2000 degrees, roasting my little minions alive while they desperately tried to put it out (please, devs, can we have vanilla fuses?)Graphically, it's reminiscent of prison architect, and you are a benevolent colony god staring down at your colonies burgeoning attempts to survive in this new world.  They cook, grow, mine, chop, and butcher their way across the map; hunting resources to build ever more complex stuff to vomit on when your 17 year old degenerate accidentally gives everyone food poisoning.Like all sim management games, there is a steep learning curve, so fully expect your colonists to perish a lot in the early game, and quite frankly the end game.  The devs have provided a menu based tutorial helper for basic controls, as well as an opening tutorial, but it barely taps the surface of what can be done.  Learning how to prioritise work is a necessary feature you joyfully uncover for yourself, which is for the best because winter is looming and all your people are running around in pants throwing horseshoes at a wall, while the storehouse is filling with cloth.There are even NPC traders and raiders to deal with.  The former hang around your base and charge silver for items, the latter charge your defenses with increasingly worrisome weapons.  Set up turrets early on.  You won't regret it.  Then loot their corpses and keep the weapons, just don't let your starving colonists anywhere near the bodies (not a joke).All in all, I love the game.  It's fun, weird, and horrific in a fun and weird way.  Do yourself a favour; put on your crash pants and descend into the wilderness.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,294100,24469914,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,i'd take a .22,"After 11 hours of playtime, planning to have thousands this, yet still Early Access Game, is extremely fun. I looked at the game and frowned upon it, but pushed my self to buy it and test it out. I do NOT regret it, I've had so much fun already. The game can be quite challening at times, especially on the higher dificulites, but it's all a learning progress. The funniest, most chaotic moment I've had on this game so for would be during a storm and raid at the same time. I had 4 colonists and a medium sized colony, all buildings very close to each other. Lighting strikes 1 building and fire breaks out everywhere. A lamp also explodes catching crops and another building on fire, then a raid!!! 4 raiders are coming in from 2 different sides and my base is burning down, my AI is scrambling everywhere, when boom, lightning hits again., and we have more fire spreading. We manage to kill 2 of the raiders, and damage a 3rd pretty bad, whom later bleeds out, while the 4th raider gives up and leaves, By this point almost everything is gone, and everyone is bleeding and we have 1 without eyes..... He dies of infection very quickly, a second gets a major infection in his torso from gun shots, another has infection in her legs and the last bleeds out. We have no food, no shelter, and only about 2 things of medicine left, sadly we all died. ):I reccomend this game for a blast!!"
76561198042263702,Recommended,294100,31904488,Posted: 22 May,all,Brahmin Herder,"This is, without a doubt, one of my most favorite games. If you are like me, and get that itch to play anything in the vien of base or settlement building, this might be the game that you sink hundreds of hours into. The first time you play will be all about exploration. You'll see how long you can make it, but most likely everyone will die eventually. Every playthrough after that will be about opportunity. You'll know how to turn that cliff face into a thriving colony, or convert that empty wasteland into a formiddable fort. You can customize the difficulty in many direct and indirect ways, from choosing an AI director to choosing a biome and elevation to start in. You can decide to  raise a calm, peaceful colony or throw yourself (and your people) into thefirefrozen wastes by settling an ice sheet with three alcholic cannibles who are incapable of social behavoir.One of the biggest selling points for me is the story you create. Every single pawn comes with their own story. That raider you killed had a family and a past. It's actually possible to run into one of them later on, in another raid group or caravan. Your colonists can develope relationships with eachother. They may get married, and at some point one may cheat on the other. Eventually get divourced. Or, one could die and you'd see the other mourning at their grave. You may have a colonist who's brother is a member of the raid. Let's just say that things can get very dramatic very quickly.Please note: It is mandatory to name your colonists after your closests friends and loved ones and watch their eventual demise.The game in it's current state is very fleshed out, and with another update on the way (A17) I'm very eager to see what's in store for us. While I am satisfied with the game right now, I feel like there's always more elements that could be added. In particular, diplomacy and traveling.The price might intimidate some of you. I know it seemed high to myself. I decided to give it a try anyway and let me tell you: the price is worth it. I've gotten so much time out of my investiment that I would have paid more had I known how good it would be.The modding community is excellent. Once you play through a few times, you owe it to yourself to grab a few mods. They turn this already great game into an extremely customizable experience with everything from major expansions to asthetic changes to reworked gameplay."
76561198173373675,Recommended,294100,31936926,Posted: 24 May,all,Yodalyuk,"Me: This looks like a fun gameBrain: Youre poor, we dont have this money for a 2D gameme: yeah youre right*Uni Loan comes through*me: ♥♥♥♥ itI havent seen sunlight in so long, this game... Perfect"
76561198048267053,Recommended,294100,31936978,Posted: 24 May,all,Gut cunt,"I have never written a review of any game. If you look at my profile you will notice that I play the video game more than the average fellow.This is by far one of the best games I've played to date. I started a bit later than some, around alpha 12. This is the kind of early release that has you wondering why it's not finished already because of how complete and immersive the games feel. Even in the earlier alphasI felt an intense connection with each town that I impulsivelycreated and played. The developers do an amazing job of putting out quality work and responding to the input of the community. Every patch brings significant changes, enough to feel that the game is exponentially better."
76561198123349418,Recommended,294100,35501235,Posted: 5 October,all,Kebab Lover,10/10 would make human leather sofas again
76561197964683676,Recommended,294100,26619866,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Heeya,"I'm not great with words so i will let my play time do most of the talking. Game difficulty can range from an easy base builder to ""going in dry"". Tons of replayability, no colony will ever be quite the same. I know it may seem like a stretch, but for me, this game was well worth the $30. As for the RPS article that has come to light, dont let shotty journalism keep you away from trying this gem."
,Recommended,294100,24743475,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,WarMage,"AI storytellers that will look like they wanna help you to non-players (sending supplies and rain when a fire is blazing the forest) bur players know they want you dead. Last gane I had Volcano eruption (area super cold and plants die), toxic fallout (everything not under a roof dies), a flash storm (lightnings ignite an area to burn the map down), and an eclipse (makes your silar generators useless), my n.1 shot got insane, and to finish me off, a pack of war hounds that were berzerk came to eat my colonists alive.The game is brutal.....As a fan of prison architect, a game where I build stuff and FIGHT is awesome!"
76561198075111357,Recommended,294100,28196069,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Niko,Don't make the mistake I made buying this during finals. There will be no studying.
,Recommended,294100,31615135,Posted: 7 May,all,sugarbunnylet,"I played this game 12 hours straight. The sun rose, I glanced out my window, and shrugged.Only the best games make you behave in this manner."
76561198108936961,Recommended,294100,24417485,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ShutUpAndTakeMyXP,"Great game so far, just make sure to watch a tutorial! :D"
76561198039438475,Recommended,294100,24338506,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DamienEdele,"I am very happy to be the 35th person to review this game on steam, it is purely amazing, everything in it! 9/10!"
76561198252350972,Recommended,294100,26021367,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Orangetrim,"It's all fun and games until one of your colonists is ripped to shreds by a fox then another strips naked and runs away while three more come down with the plague.I debated on getting this game for too long, if youre debating it, do it."
,Recommended,294100,25536315,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Svardskampe,"I love rimworld. Even for being Early Access, in this case it doesn't mean the game is buggy, but could just use a few added features; which are easily added or supported at the moment with the incredible mod support in the workshop.RimWorld is the perfect balance between deep like dwarf fortress, but still usable in terms of UI and options. The UI notably is a lot like Prison Architect, and it is not a bad thing. It definitely serves its purpose.If there is anything I'd like more, it would be more handles for support in terms of mods and custom games. Let's say I'd like to play a scenario that is Star Wars themed; I'd like with that scenario to be included that it would be possible to have a set of characters with the famous names, maybe a visual themepack and custom occurences using the assets in the game.Update: Added in Alpha 17 with some modpacks that allow this.As well as maybe more ""gameplay"" ways. Like it would be possible to send my troops offmap, and load in a new map where I'd actually be raiding other nearby tribes in real time. Maybe a way to infiltrate as a sole pawn in an existing tribe and working my way up in more of an RPG perspective of things where the AI handles the colony. (I'm pretty sure looking at the manager mod could help in creating an AI).Update: ALSO ADDED IN ALPHA 17, WTF :o. Well mostly in talks about raiding other maps. The pseudo-nemesis shadow-of-mordor idea hasn't been (yet?!) implemented.Though these are mere suggestions. For as the game goes, it's one of the only games on Steam I bought at full price, without regrets. Certainly the best game ever from Early Access."
,Recommended,294100,33168088,Posted: 2 July,all,Lazy Tango,Had a thriving colony with impenetrable security until a pyro burned it down a killed everyone.10/10
76561198067505128,Recommended,294100,24353940,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,itsmes3,Like dwarf fortress but I actually understand how to play the game!
,Recommended,294100,24455710,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Swordz,"The One and only! TRUE PAIN SIMULATOR! You think it is about survival? Well, it is, but partly. It is a game about suffering from whatever your new narrator friend Randy throws at you.-Play as a early-medieval tribe, lost in the mountainous jungle-Find a good, spacious cave. Okayz, it is our home now.-Start making all the settlement stuff: rooms, beds, tables, corn farms, chess tables for the most clever of your tribesmen...-A small group of three peaceful travelers passes nearby-THEY HAVE A SHOTGUN, AMBUSH THEM! KILL THEM ALL, THE SHOTGUN WILL BE A NICE TROPHY FOR THE CHIEF!-Your chief now has a shotgun. And a kevlar vest. His tribespeople look at him in admiration-Start digging your cave's walls. Maybe you will find gold!-But you found a hidden, spacious room with two strange things, that say ""Cryosleep casket"" in the description.-And... OH MY GOD, THERE ARE 2 HOSTILE ROBOTS WITH CHAINGUNS NEAR IT! RUN!-Your tribespeople hid behind a corner, waited till the pursuing robots appear and bashed them to death with wooden clubs and spears. Those few blasts from the chief's shotgun have also helped-Found out you can't loot anything from the dead robots, carry them to the dumping area-Also found an ""open"" button on those cryocaskets in that room. All right, loot avaits!-Your chief, with 2 of his most trusted mates, open the cryocasket...-And find an angry, angry dude, with a shotgun, who instantly blast the chief to the stomach! Your chief's stomach is destroyed, but he is still alive, somehow-Chief's mates punch the man to the death, looting another shotgun.-Carry the bleeding chief to your dedicated hospital bed and treat his destroyed stomach. He will keep on living, somehow. Just have to get used to that hole in your belly.-While you were doing that, you find out a bug infestation in your storeroom, along with two bug hives.-The bugs near it were tiny, but were chipping away on the walls. Noone eats your walls and gets away with it!-You are confident. You killed two damn chaingun robots, you surely can deal with a few bugs!-All your tribesmen gathers near the storeroom and open the door. The chief's most trusted mate, now also with a shotgun, makes the first shot, killing one of the small bugs...-WRONG MOVE, MATE! Three huge starship-troopers-like bugs emerge from the hives and, disregarding your two hard-earned shotguns, slaughter the whole tribe-Experience butthurt10/10, shoulda bought some insecticide instead"
76561198065796658,Recommended,294100,24801622,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ZakAtlas,"Starting a new run,1st colonist: Skippy, incapable of violence.great, but maybe my next colonist is better.2nd colonist: mrs White, incapable of violence.Oh ♥♥♥♥, This is going to be impossible.3th colonist: Grehun, Ex-spy, melee skill 16.Oh boy, this is run last probably 10 minutes.3 hours later: Greyhun is the hero and saviour of the colony, he kills raiders and hunts with only a sword.4 hours later: Our saviour and only hope Grehun goes berserk during a wedding, stabs the whole colony and walks himself into an armed trap, game over.9.5/10 Want to get betrayed again."
,Recommended,294100,24598742,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mike,"Rimworld is an overall fantastic game that really makes you feel like you got your money's worth after all is said and done. The game has a small learning curve when you're first getting started, but with the aid of their helpful tutorial and all of the publicly available walkthroughs and fan-made tutorials on the internet, it should be an easy curve to traverse. If you're on the fence about buying this game, I would highly suggest watching a few playthroughs on YouTube or elsewhere. It really is a ""play your way"" kind of game that is centered around basebuilding and colony survival. The developer continues to release amazing content month in and month out, and I believe he deserves all the support he can get.9/10"
,Recommended,294100,34365452,Posted: 19 August,all,Trojan,"One of my colonists shattered their spine in a raid once so they became a paraplegic, the next day a swarm of thirty man-hunting rats broke into the hospital room and ate her alive instantly resulting in her husband going beserk and murdering two other colonists. RimWorld is a great game."
76561198042282685,Recommended,294100,35056859,Posted: 18 September,all,Caesura,Be wary of pirates being able to steal your stuff. Be wary of ancients dangers you should not uncover. Be wary of your own colonists' mental states. But most importantly..Be wary of uncontrolled chicken populations.
76561198057400646,Recommended,294100,25790124,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mipato,"I started a colony with the lone wealthy survivorThis was under the unstable drugs updateSeemingly from the heavens, a crate of smokeleaf fellMy survivor was keen and ready to chillAll went well for a while and recreational use proved positive reliefUntil the flash stormMy weary colonist, in fear of the elements, lit upHe fell asleep under the stars, and in his catatonic stateWas engulfed in flames10/10, would self-immolate again"
,Recommended,294100,25500667,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,rotiking(warg),My only regret is not buying it sooner.
,Recommended,294100,26402688,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Droid (87th),"Counter Recommend, this recent ""Controversy"" is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, hes loved and nurtured this game, can take criticism, and deserves your respect much more than RPS.This game is in early access, so one coding error should not bring down the house of a game that is a perfect example of early access done right, I may change this review later and bring up some more positive points, but I just want to say that its a non-issue and you should buy the game if your into the genres surrounding it."
,Recommended,294100,34971149,Posted: 15 September,all,A.T.O.M,Just cool game :)
,Recommended,294100,32075506,Posted: 30 May,all,Wintermute ✉,A TOTAL TRIUMPH OF GAMING
,Recommended,294100,25388431,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,versus,help
,Recommended,294100,24696547,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JawsBite,"-Starts game for first time-Spawns in-Gets immediately annihilated by alien creatures-Great game 10/10, SeriouslyIn all seriousness, this game is great. I bought it for 16.99 when it was on sale. Sadly I ended up getting bored of it considering that there is A LOT (Ended up doing most of it). This comes in to play because it is still early access, but don't take it from me. Look at all the other reviews that say HOW AMAZING it is. And I agree, its amazing. If you want this game, then get it. But if you're not sure, wait for a sale. :D"
76561197970882585,Recommended,294100,30191247,Posted: 26 February,all,clawilewak,"A game so deep Adele is rolling in it.Seriously, there is so much in this game, from the simple (looking) town planning, to the individual character stats and xp, along with the social interactions between your colonists. Everything can seem fine until you find out one of your guys has malaria... then comes the panick and planning to save an 8  hour save file!So much fun can be had in this game, even when you never really get anywhere. The mods can add a lot as well, although some do feel like cheeting. But the base game is solid, and expanding."
76561198152915274,Recommended,294100,25126044,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jay,经过一段时间的试玩，这个游戏非常让人上瘾。目前阶段许多内容还不够完善。模式稍显单一（发展你的殖民地，并试图建造飞船）。许多材料无法直接获得，必须通过交易来买。生成世界的时候有一大片世界，而你只能在其中一小块落脚，我目前为止不知道如何到其它区域探索。希望后续能推出更多好玩的模式，更开放的世界。
,Recommended,294100,24649563,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bandit King,As a guy thats been trying to learn how to play Dwarf Fortress for around 2 years this games pretty good. Deep and has a high learning curve. I like Sims and games that you make your own storys in and this Is that game..GG. If you dont have $30 bucks to buy this but want to play a game like this (only deeper) then go check out DF for free but its a tuff nut to crack at first..GL HF.
,Recommended,294100,26556136,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,McPingu,"I could write a lengthy review on why RimWorld is a good game. But it simply is, if you want a technical detailed overview look elsewhere.Time flies when playing RimWorld, it's a great game even on its current EA state, features are being added and the game is being updated regularly, there is a ton of mod support adressing issues, QoL improvements or implementing things that Tynan hasn't got around to (or doesn't want to)It's really fun trying to see your colonists survive and eventually escape, the stories that come up withing the game feel organic and meaningful (even if some aspects do need tuning)I know the price seems steep for a PA re-skin, but it's totally worth it, it's a genre defining game,  I mean it."
,Not Recommended,294100,33760228,Posted: 24 July,all,Tha Pink Guy,"Rimworld is a fantastic game and has so much potential but because of an early design decision by the devs I cannot recommend this game. Rimworld is single threaded which means ultimately it has a hard cap on what it can do before it grinds to a halt.You can easily get 30 hours out of a colony but the game will start slowing down immensly. Now if you keep everything small and hard cap yourself to 1-10 survivors and regularly optimize the game manually or have a mod that does it for you then this game would be fun.I have a lot of respect for the devs especially Tynan. I understand that it would take a lot of work and would have to change rimworld at it's core which Tynan has said he is just not willing to commit to.This thread pretty much sums it up:https://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=17357.0To quote Vas:""How exactly do you come to this conclusion?  Lets say you have a 4 core machine at 3.6GHz like mine.Single Core/Thread: Game starts to lag behind because you have a massive base, it's too much data for one core to handle.  Everything gets queued up to run in proper logical order of events.  Game slows down to handle that slowdown in processing queue.MultiCore/Thread: Game is able to offload some work to different threads.  Thread 1 handles temperature changes.  Thread 2 handles pawn hauling jobs.  Thread 3 handles Pawn Cleaning jobs including snow and calculates whee they should go next each job.  Thread 4 handles pawn hunger and tiredness levels, beauty calculations and other such.  Thread 5 handles mental levels and thought defs.  Thread 6 handles power grid states.  Thread 7 handles random event calculations.  Thread 8 handles Animals and Plants on the map.  Game runs at normal/fast speeds because there is nothing waiting in line to be executed.And don't give me that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about buying a single core 10GHz CPU in order to play games.  No.  Unacceptable.  This game is one of those that has too much data for a single core to process."""
,Recommended,294100,24361418,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Bhikku,"As a long time player of Dwarf Fortress this title piqued my interest.It definitely is heavily inspired by DF and i think does it justice.   There is a level of detail that is definitely appreciated, and the difficulty can ramp up pretty quick.There is tech to be researched, food to farm, booze, exploding livestock, the whole works!The soundtrack is nice, and the effects are mostly fitting.  The graphics are basic, but coming from ASCII it is a breath of fresh air.My only regret is letting Horace the yorkshire terrier get eaten by a panther in one bite."
,Recommended,294100,25593204,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kipsune,"Ahh Rim World. Such beautiful stories you tell. You've earned my recommendation wholeheartedly. The following story is from my first playthrough. I’ve done about 5 now, each with their own beautiful character and story arcs, complete with social challenges. It’s amazing to watch it unfold and I’m excited for the future of RimWorld.Freedom Colony:It was a nice day in Freedom. Hammer the Oaf, freshly stranded had met up with a few lucky other colonists. Silver, the fiery, genetically grown combat medic was the first person he met on this god forsaken planet.. She was a after the war geneticist, and Hammer was in love with her. Unfortunately though, Hammer was ugly.Hammer loved people and animals the most out of anything in the world. His true love however, was Silver. He tried to talk to her almost every day, but his voice was so annoying and he was so ugly, that she became very irritated and would insult him. He felt bad so he went off to find an animal companion to cheer himself up. Hammer, the Oaf that he was, found a playful adult cougar. NOT THAT KIND OF COUGAR KEEP READING. He wanted to be best friends! But the cougar mauled the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Hammer, and his right arm was shredded as ♥♥♥♥.The other colonists tried to save his life, but because of the severe infection, it was deemed his right arm would have to be amputated. Silver the Combat Medic/Geneticist( and far over qualified to save Hammer), horrified by watching hammer be mauled and also already on the edge of mental breakdown due to Hammers repeated advances, finally snapped. She ran off into the night, leaving all her clothes behind. She took the pistol, however. Hammer the Oaf lay on the operating table. The operation was to be performed by the only person qualified to operate……. José.José, the agriculture and architecture extraordinaire took it upon himself to save Hammers life. So he got to work. Hammer emerged from the operation to find that somehow his liver had been punctured (wtf José really???) and his torso was badly cut. He soon died, and the other colonists minds broke as well.It was chaos and for one night, the were all…...free….…. Running off into the wilderness they somehow found themselves, lost out there, among the wildlife. I wept for Hammer. For Silver. For José, you beautiful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. For the less important characters without names, many of whom died horrific deaths as they lost their minds snapped like twigs with the weight of the void pressing down on them.10/10 I didn’t know if it would be worth $30.It is."
,Recommended,294100,25455952,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,charliechuckleberry,"Review on September 10, 2016,Worth every bit of the $30 I spent on this game.I've been playing over 35 hours and haven't even scratched the surface.  It's a huge improvement for Dwarf Fortress fans, and casual enough for the below average dummy to figure out.  It truely is a simcity meets the sims type of game.  Except these sims are trying to survive in an apocalypse type setting, which means they are going to die.  Unless you figure out how to survive.There's rumors that building a space ship and escaping the planet's violent animals is a way to win the game.  I kinda wished there was a way to conqure the entire planet.  Alas, you cannot attack the enemy bases (would be a huge improvement if possible).  What's the point of the huge map anyway?I could go on forever explaing about why I like this, or how big of a nerd I am...Game recommended."
76561197983105124,Recommended,294100,25166940,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Extremophile Elite,"What a great little fun game. This has all the management you could want and it goes for realism. After a few failed games of my settlers dying to heatstroke, pirates, and starvation, I finally had the hang of it. I had one of my founding colonists get her jaw and leg shot off in a pirate raid, she was in bed for days, until I gave her a peg leg and a denture. Now she can walk again! Her husband is a little repulsed by her disfigurement, but at least she's alive.It's pretty difficult, even on the easier settings, but you learn quick how to survive. I'm growing hops to make beer to keep my people happier. You have to hoard food once you have a few extra people, it will go fast. Build a wooden storage room with 2 ACs. Keep it cold so it doesn't spoil. Power is important. There are many ways to generate it.I was finally able to get a leg up on the raiders by building a single Assult Rifle once I had the means. This rifle tore into these thugs like butter, in the right hands. I also had sandbags placed outside of my base to defend. I lost people and had a few injuries and scares, but I survived and expanded into a large compound with steel and stone walls. In addition to the assault rifle, I now had a shotgun, sniper rifle, incendiary weapon, pwd (smg?), plenty of pistols and shivs. Made a longsword for the guy who prefers brawling up close. I feel OK when 4-5 pirates come knocking on our doors.You forget this is an early access game because of how functional it is now. I'm sure they will work out the few kinks and bugs I've seen, but as it is, it's a hectic fun survival strategy game. For now, there is still more to do..."
,Recommended,294100,24381714,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Disodium,Itisreallygood!Great game.
,Recommended,294100,24383367,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,krwachir,"I'm not always write a steam review. But when I do it's for a great game!I brought this 3 days ago out of curiosity, it's Friday. I thought I would took 30 mins to skim it a bit.. so I started my first colony of 3 people, Lumi - the Hunter, Andy - engineer and a girl, Rose,  she was a scientist. It was going pretty well at the start.. we found a steel structure and made the main building out of it.Andy was basically a slave worker, he did everything from building to hauling potatoes. Lumi with a rifle hunted small animals but after awhile we realized that hunting is not a reliable meal source so I assigned her to help Rose in farming.One day, the wanderer name Vector came to join. From his bio, he was a kingpin. I was sure aware that he cannot be trusted but at that moment, we need some protections, a guy who can shoot. I also gave him Lumi's rifle, the best weapon we had. He spent most days standing and walking around, not helping at all.We got raid for the first time by a mullet girl name Rani. Vector easily shot her down, she was injured but we didn't want to kill her so instead we captured her inside a 2x3 square blocks room. I asked Rose to take a good care of her, she then convinced and joined us.It's all good, 5 people in this small community. But... Vector, that guy complained about our only one shared bed room. My intention was only to protect everyone, it's the a building!! we simply can't afford the somewhere this strong. He didn't get me and went berserk and hurted Rose so I made Rani shoot him. both got badly injured. It's so sad that we cannot help them, they infected and need a medical care. Andy and Lumi tried but nothing effective.Rose died 3 days after that, Andy buried her on the other side of the hill. Few days later, Vector died but no proper grave for him, not after what he did, we dumped his corpse on the field and let it rot. It's a sad time, the first 3 were close friends, Lumi and Andy often visited Rose grave. Rani was surprisingly good to us, she also not helping the labour works but she was a good friends who dealt with traders and travellers.Our colony was advancing, we got a solar panel, the electric stove and a full set of dinner table. Lumi's not a good cook but at least we didn't have to eat raw foods anymore.The happy period was short, raiders came to attack, 3 guys with bow and rifle. I knew at the start that we couldn't defeat them but decided to fight anyway  because this is our home!!!! We fought well indeed, Rani killed 2 guys, the bowman and the one with a club, another one ran away. But all 3 got injured from the fight. We had no medical supplies and Andy.... died from blood loss.Why him? he was the only who endured all the pains, he lost a friend and yet still keep fighting for the community without complaining. I just...  can't play it anymore.Then I checked the clock (in real life), It has been 14 hours straight.Ok, now let me conclude,The game is so additive that you can easily lost track of time. While playing, I find my myself more and more connected with what I built. I love how the game let you write and enjoy your own story.It's say ""EARLY ACCESS"" but doesn't feel that way, it looks optimized even on the largest map. The devs sure to have future plans for it and I'm looking forward to that.just buy it already!!!!!"
76561198030050751,Recommended,294100,24773847,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BluApples,"Princess went bezerk because Sally had a nicer bedroom than her. A short-circuit set the farm on fire and starvation ensued (it was nearly harvest time). Desperate for food, Mike tried to hunt an elephant, triggering the whole herd to attack. After the dust settled, Princess was the sole survivor. She attempted to rebuild her life, in a cave, away from the elephants, and living on the corpses of her friends. She died of an infected foot two days later. 10/10 - buy this game."
76561198119204901,Recommended,294100,25174289,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Skanz,I can't beleive how amazing this game actually is. So good this is the only review for steam I have ever written.Best survival game I have played to date.
,Recommended,294100,24955654,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CoreZone,Rimworld is a fun game that I think anyone will like and it has dev tools and godmode witch most games do not have so I think you need to get it and with godmode you can build anything with nothing
76561197970553586,Recommended,294100,24340334,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,keenbs,"This will go decently in detail, for basic reasons why to buy and love this game look at the second block of text.Before I bought Rimworld today on steam, I have been playing on my friends account for a few months. I swore to myself that as soon as Rimworld came to steam, I would legitimize the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child that I had grown to love. Why did I buy this game when I had a perfectly working copy? Karma? No.The fact that Ludeon Studios is one of the best dev teams I've ever had the pleasure of playing for. The game, no matter what your playing style, is at it's heart fun and infinately replayable. I must have played over 500 hours on my other version, so I know what I am talking about.This game is for all lovers of RTS, Sandbox, Colony builders, and Simulation games.The possibilities are endless: with the different scenarios, terrain generation, and modding.The new workshop is very compatible and the mod menu has no clunkyness (that I've noticed yet).There is a difficulty for everyone: New to managment games? Don't worry humble noob, there are variations in difficulty and difficulty type which allow you to learn the game while still feeling challenged. Also; hardcore players, don't you worry you can also want to grind your eyeballs out through digital pixal hell if you so desire.Stories:This game is depressingly funny, as a small infection on the pinky toe of the doctor can cause an eventual collapse of an entire spacer colony, ending ultimately with a rat nibbling on the scorched bodies of the aftermath.The game is not just depressingly funny.Sometimes things can just really go your way, RimWorld is a game filled with hope and hilarious moments: everything is looking like it's burning from the toe-infection-apocalypse? Suddenly you get a beam of light come down from the heavens, your last man left has 1 point in doctoring and a package arrives. Orbital mail is so confusing nowere days.... a new explosive sniper rifle was accidentally dropped on your front door step. ♥♥♥♥ the rats, your last man is somewhat of the Klegain bowl hype with rifles this leads to multiple amusing snipes and exploding rats... what more could a man want?Perhaps you were being raided by your step-sister in law's gang, PLOT TWIST! She's also your chiefs unknown lover and the father of his brothers children... (for more of these moments get the extended family mod)A mortar you have fired at 100 plus enemies misses... how does this work in your favor? IT DOESN'T!!! Poor Maskinen who was just cutting a tree down-on the other side of the map- gets their legs blown the ♥♥♥♥ off! HOW EXCITING!!! The horde of savages then continue to beat Maskinen to a pulp, but decide to capture her because they think her organs could sell well....People don't have morals so why should you??? As the savages try to run away with poor limp Maskinen, you decide that it was really her fault for being hit by that mortar, like duh her bionic arm must of had a magnet in it! This leads you to repeatedly fire bombing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the savages until they look like human candles... EXCITEMENT!!! After extinguishing the remains you find Maskinen's charred body... give her a burial you say? ♥♥♥♥ YOUR MORALS THATS VITAL SPACE. Maske, the now widow of Maskinen, is a cannibal ...he goes crazy from grief and continues to mourn by butchering then sauteing his beloved wife. WHAT A POOR GUY!"
,Recommended,294100,25530442,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MysticVaultBoy,"Very nice with mods, but the game could have more like, more weapons, more fruit and vegetables, and a real mood system, if i was stranded on a planet, i wouldn't complain and even kill my room mates, just because our house has no decoreation, or my bed is to cloase to others."
76561198012243851,Recommended,294100,25473730,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Matt,Please give me my free time back RimWorld :(
76561198080712723,Recommended,294100,24780349,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,sigma7,"The gameplay ofDwarf Fortress+ the graphics ofPrison Architect.  It's that simple.  Usually those kind of formulae are unfairly reductionist, but it fitsRimWorldperfectly.  If you're one of those tortured souls who loves ""winning"" in DF and have been longing for a version with a slick UI and slightly-less-abstract graphics, stop reading and buy this now.  If you've never played DF but love minutiae and incredible flexibility in micromanagement as depicted by Colorforms, give this a shot.  It's less a game and more of a narrative simulator, but it's no less fun.  Everyone will die, brutally, repeatedly, and it will befantastic."
76561198013879847,Recommended,294100,24894192,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MonolithicBacon,"Although I doubt this game needs any more positive praise, I couldn't resist spreading the word just a little further. For those of you who adore games in the same vein as Age of Empires, Prison Architect and Dwarf Fortress, stick this on your wishlist.One particular event that stands out in my mind was the tale of Barry. Barry was a colonist who needed rescue early into the development of my settlement, and by coincidence he was the brother of an existing settler - how could I say no? But Barry, Barry was a nightmare. He hated everybody, caused fights, was greedy and spoilt, to the point that only a huge house of his own would sate him and keep his distance from the others, who spent most of their hours working to survive, while Barry wasted time on tantrums and alcohol.Then, a season down the line, Barry's sister was shot through the lung. Without good medical facilities, she was going to die, while Barry, the turd, would survive. Needless to say, anger took hold, and the next time Barry started a fight, I refused to tell my settlers to put their guns away.One dead Barry and a transplanted lung later, and everybody carried on happily as if nothing had happened. Even a Barry can have their uses on the Rim.Deeply challenging AI, sporadic and captivating story events and a character system that is just as frustrating as it is fulfilling, this game just burns the hours away."
,Recommended,294100,24358049,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mrjanthropy,"The desciption that this game plays like Dwarf Fortress crossed with Firefly is pretty much spot on. I've spent countless hours playing Dwarf Fortress and when I saw Blitz Let's Play this on Youtube I eagerly awaited it's release on Steam and I have not been disappointed. This game is so much fun and if you can get past the steep learning curve in the beginning you'll find a highly rewarding expiereince with weeks worth of replay value. And when you take into consideration that every update adds even mre fun, 29.99 is more that a fair price."
76561198089432898,Recommended,294100,25167158,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sunday Sadist,"I have less than 20 hours in this game and I can tell you that I really love it! It has taken me this long to start getting an understanding of what all I need to look for (and what to avoid) in potential colonist. That's the first step. The second thing is to use their abilities to build shelter and storage that they won't end up hating and eventually enjoy life.Some amazing things happen at random including my pet Warg bonding with a colonist, only to murder my entire colony when said colonist dies of a heart attack.One thing I can count on is that any character I start to depend on or really enjoy will die before anyone else to any number of reasons including an Alpha Beaver attack, revenge Deer attack, fire outbreak, etc.One final note for any beginners: When the game tells you there is an ancient evil behind a wall.... DON'T BREAK THAT WALL DOWN."
,Recommended,294100,25201036,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Equinox,"Really good, super attictive and good replayability. Can't wait to see what else is gonna be released!"
,Recommended,294100,25231919,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,darkpriest667,"Kyle wasn't having a very good day, well make that life.He crashed in the desert with 2 female companions. Kyle was never in a very good mood either. He was always being pessimistic, but he had low expectations so that was ok. One of the girls that landed with Kyle, Eu, caught his fancy.But Eu kept turning Kyle down... Kyle's rage built inside him.  He decided instead to friend one of the huskies native to the area. The husky was a good companion, but lacked the kind of affection and physical touch that Kyle longed for. Kyle continued to pursue Eu, but she kept saying no.One day a traveller from far away asked if he could stay and the group decided one more set of hands couln't hurt at all. Palt was a good man, he came naked with no tools or food, but he was a hard worker. Palt and Kyle became good friends.A few weeks later a group of jerks attacked the complex and Palt was tragically maimed and killed. Kyle buried Palt himself. Later that week Kyle's dog also died. Kyle was taking this especially hard.Perhaps it was love, but it was more than likely out of sympathy Eu finally decided maybe Kyle deserved a chance. Kyle and Eu were enamored with each other. Many other folks joined the group and now there were 6 of them. Kyle decided to propose and Eu said yes!Later that month another group of raiders came and Eu was killed while standing next to Kyle near a mining quarry while they defended the complex. Again Kyle buried her himself. Kyle was struggling to cope really.One day while Kyle was mining the stains of blood on the ground next to the mine Kyle lost it. He had had enough and he went into a psychotic rage, Kyle began shooting every person in the complex. He killed everyone and with the dogs the group had adopted attacking Kyle he finally had his peace."
76561198074113844,Recommended,294100,25402280,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nat Pagle,"At first glance, this game might seem a little frightening. I mean, the expansive UI and numerous orders and structures awaiting your command are no problem after a few minutes. But what's REALLY scary is watching in horror as your colonists starve, go insane, die off one by one, and freeze to death. Once you get over the ethical dilemma of eating your pet cat and dumping all the corpses behind your house, you sit back find yourself with an immersive and enjoyable game."
76561198131674926,Recommended,294100,24820744,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Potato Lord,"whats this? a herd of chickens have entered the area and want to join my colony? SWEET!  I continue building my base unaware of the plague that is growing within. A season goes by. I realize that my chickens are breeding quite quickly. I am impressed. The chickens begin to starve; their appetite is insatiable. I make fields upon fields of haygrass...but this is not enough. its never enough. Before I know it the chickens amass larger numbers. Chicken 57 starves to death. Soon I own 187 chickens. They are too much. I release the locust  horde known as chicken unto the lands, wreacking havock to all vegetation in its path. my colonists run out of food for there is no food to be found. I begin slaughtering the chickens, first tens then hundreds. It becomes too much and I desperately begin working on my ship. I need to get off this godforsaken rock before it is too late. I leave behind 5 colonists but I have no choice.10/10 would ruin a planet again"
,Recommended,294100,24959748,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,=GRG=Xbwalker,The typical pattern with owning this game.1. I can't wait to build the best base ever!2. Wow this game is fun.3. Look at my awesome base.4. WTF EVERYONE DIED AT ONCE!! OMFG#@(%(*&% I HATE THIS GAME.5. Uninstall6. Hmmm I think I can do better this next time7. Reinstall.8. Repeat step 1-7.I am on my 8th uninstall.10/10 would ragequit again.
,Recommended,294100,24592979,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TheJarago,"Four guests visited my colony. One of them went berserk and attacked its nearby faction mates.His friends incapacitated him, then one of them took him and left the colony through the open main gate.The other two guests in that moment mined their way through my walls to leave after him, ignoring the opened entrance.After they left, i got a message that the faction blames me for their berserk friends injuries, loosing some goodwill with their faction.10/10Now for the serious part---> EARLY ACCESS REVIEW - described content may change in the future <---Welcome to the deepest sci-fi colony-builder game, i ever played. Rimworld offers hours of gameplay over just a single colony. You control your colonists in form of job priorities - you pick your best constructors to focus on constructing houses, cooks to prepare meal for others, artists to produce sculptures to make envinorment prettier for colonists. You will have to help your colonists survive through tough challenges game has prepared for you, including occasional enemy faction attacks trying to capture your colonists, surviving the sudden heat waves or dealing with some weird space ships crashing next to you...Colonists form storiesColonists always come with stories, that are interesting to watch as time passes. Everyone (even enemy attackers) have their ""backstory"" which informs you what the person used to be before landing on rimworld - these backstories may sometimes affect their skills levels and traits.All characters have traits that change their behaviour. You can have ""lazy"" colonists, that work slower than others, ""slowpokes"" moves slower than the others, you can have ""pessimist"" whose mood is always a bit worse...During the game, your colonist form a friendships and enemies among themselves, colonists may decide to get married to the ones they like or to insult the ones they dont like, which may lead to some injuries as well... (I had one colonist ""insult"" another one, which led him to cut his middle finger off - yes its THAT detailed!)Easier said than doneGame starts in the empty land with some mountains and trees around. Your first colonists arrive and youre ready to start building. Game offers frequent ""hints"" during first few days telling you what to do, but there is no actual tutorial - which makes the game hard to learn. Prepare to have your colonies wasted during first few playthroughs, as surviving in wild is harder than it looks - unless you look up some guides, be ready to learn from your mistakes (and to restart few times).Official goal of the game is to survive long enough to research and build a ship and leave the planet. This will hovewer take few ingame years and even if you manage to build the ship you may not want to leave the colony and you may just want to keep expanding.Community adds a lot of varietyDid you finally had a succesful run and done everything you wanted to? No problem - game offers three different ""storytellers"", which differs in the way random events appear. There are also 5 difficulty levels to beat.And if you feel like you want to see something new, check out steam workshop - community is currently very active with mods, that adds a lot of new unofficial content. You may decide to try out Hospitality mod, which adds interactions with guests or Zombie Apocalypse mod, which will unleash zombies against you.+ Long playthrough+ Insanely detailed information about everything (e.g. you know EXACTLY where colonists was hit..)+ Active community in workshop- No Decent Tutorial - Learn from your mistakes- Official end-game goal is not interestingGame may seem a bit overpriced on the first look, but the hours i spent and going to spend in this game (and i have much more hours off-steam) makes it worth for me even more!9/10"
,Recommended,294100,26393743,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ishpot,"Great game.Which keeps getting better as they continue to work on it. Not sure exactly where time goes when you start a colony in Rimorld, but you will laugh, you will cry and more than likely your pet cat will consume human flesh."
76561198016047267,Recommended,294100,26212208,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dawg,"This tale begins with a small colony of three as they start building their base. Within the first 20 days of their perilous journey they recieve a notification that a lone woman is nearby running away from some pirates and is looking for protection. Not only that, but she is the mother of Alice (one of the three colonists!). The colonists gladly accept her plea and valiantly give her solace in the base while they manage to fend off the pirates with their shoddy weapons.Alice is sent to tend to her mothers wounds hoping her mother will join the colony. As her mother wakes up she is startled and begins to run away. Alice begins chasing after her mother desperatley trying to convince her to stop but with no avail. In a last desperate effort to stop her mother from running away Alice attempts to arrest her mother and bring her back to the base. This breaks out into a fight and now Alice is fighting her mother with her bare hands. They exchange punches but Alice gets the better of her mother and gives her one last punch which ends up destroying Alice's middle finger. Her mother lies there...dead.Alice now finds it difficult to do any tasks which require her to use her hands... every time she does... she is reminded of the horrific tale which destroyed her finger.10/10 - would send Alice to arrest mother again."
76561198096765013,Recommended,294100,29238907,Posted: 13 January,all,Meme War Lt. (BACK IN ACTION),Went down as a rich white boy and stole the local tribes people's land and forced them to grow weed for me. 10/10 would roleplay european conquests again!
,Recommended,294100,25557322,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Bevso,"If you like having nothing and creating something in a totally epic way, whilst getting destroyed constantly. This is the game for you, it took me a few hours to get a world where i lasted more than 1 hour. I love this game now and spend all my gaming time on it. You don't need a space station to power this either, low end graphics but still looks detailed.Watch a few youtube videos, like most do, to see if you like this game. I watched a few hours worth and then bought this, haven't looked back since. This game is still in Alpha which means it will only get better.The mods for this game make it amazing too, some of them really should be added to the base game already. E.g. Base Defense and Colony Manager"
,Recommended,294100,29488868,Posted: 25 January,all,Korinis,"This is the fastest 100h in game I've ever got.At first I wasn't sure if I'm going to like this kind of game. I'm not a strategy or management gamer. I wondered so long, watched some streams and still wasn't sure. Then I just bought it and despite all the doubt I had, it was the best purchase I could ever make.Now what I love this game for:First of all - everything is random. Every event (there's good amount of them) can happen at every second of your playthrough, which creates hundreds of different possibilities and even after playing a while you still might be surprised. These events further create different problems you encounter - from starvation, diseases and raids to freezing to death or simply your colonists fighting against each other, cutting their legs off and not being able to harvest that rice from a field and that's only the top of the iceberg.You also have to take care of your colonists needs, which can be a tricky thing early on, depending on a nature of each one of them. Like I said - there's a ton of things to do and you can set everything the way you like - It's kind of a sandbox, where you play the way you enjoy the most.The best thing is that it's early access. The game is pretty much completed at this stage, but it will still get couple (?) more updates adding more to already big Rimworld. There's also even better thing than early access: There's a fantastic modding community and it literally can change your game a little or make it brand new game: Lots of overhauls or simple mods and it's still growing. This adds another hundreds of hours to play and trust me you're going to spend at least dozen of them learning the game.Later on, when you know a bit about the game it gets much easier with a bit of luck in your random playthough, but still you can set the game pretty much the way you like and still create a challenge for yourself.Well, this review got quite chaotic, but it's hard to explain the possibilities you get playing this so basically to summarize:Rimworld in current state (EA) - 100h+, then whenever it gets an update - probably another 100h+ and last but not least: Mods - 1000h (?)Worth every cent and if you enjoy this, you should try free Dwarf Fortress, which is way more complex game.Good luck and may Randy be merciful for you :)"
76561198200462487,Recommended,294100,29075162,Posted: 6 January,all,Catmaster09,"Warrning: Sr for any overeasy Puns and Mis-spelling in eggvance :)Best strategy game I've seen in a while. My favorate part of the newest update, the Wanderlust update, would have to be the abillaty to look at the world in a Circler form/3d instead of a Flat form/2d, and the ability to now form Caravans to attack or trade with your Neighbors. The ways that you can build your Colony('s)/Base('s) is endless, weather you want to tunnle into Mountains like Dwarves or build a Village surounded by walls. Would recomend this to anyone who has a Creative spirit and or wants to make digital life suffer.-Catmaster09"
,Recommended,294100,29142864,Posted: 9 January,all,Gankdalf,"I started building my base in a forest biome. Easy access to wood made it simple to get a proper base up and running. Each person had their own room. The colony mood was good and my traps had finished off lots of raiders so I had a good inventory of guns.When winter came a pack of boomalope manhunters attacked my settlement and even though I finished them off easily the explosions set fire to the part of my base where I had my batteries. The fire made the batteries explode in a chain reaction spreading the fire further and killing people in sickbeds on the inside.Once the fire was out there were massive holes in the base, I had no source of eletricity since the fires also destroyed the solar panels and only two of my settlers were still standing. One of them was hurt and went to the sickbed. With the other settler I setup a campfire in his room and traded food and medicine with a trader but it wasnt enough. Hypothermia had already put the hurt settler into a dying state. When he passed away the last guy went to bed next to the fireplace and slowly died due to an infection spreading in his burned hands.This game is very similar to Dwarf Fortress so if you enjoyed Dwarf Fortress you will most likely like this game. There's a lot of mods on the workshop to alter the gameplay and updates are quite frequent.TL DRIt's a real time strategy/survival game that can be paused. It's a sci-fi themed game in 2D top down view. You will most likely fail every single time it's just a question of seeing your ""story"" come to an end."
76561198060275569,Recommended,294100,33172577,Posted: 3 July,all,Astrofox115,"There are those who've put 300+ hours into this game and to be honest, I wouldn't be suprised if I make that mark too (Currently 216 as I type this). The vanilla version alone is very fun and immersive but the installation of mods adds so much more to the overall experience. Believe me, this game has many postivie reviews for a reason.It's a game where it's kill or be killed, even in biomes you wouldn't expect to have a lot of problems in. In other words, this game WILL find a reason for your colonists to lose hope, suffer for long periods of time, and above all, die. This is a must-play for those who enjoy both basebuilding and survival games. It's a harsh game, I won't sugarcoat it, but the moment you get offworld (the endgame) is a great feeling.A 10/10 game. Would be overrun by flesh eating ostriches again."
,Recommended,294100,33178948,Posted: 3 July,all,Garresh,It's like Dwarf Fortress if it was actually playable. 10/10 worth every cent.
76561197992033267,Recommended,294100,33232430,Posted: 4 July,all,The Bug Man,"This game is really good! The game and features itself could keep you entertained for hundreds of hours, and the options for difficulty and different modes of challenge make for a really good time. Rimworld works for those of us who  just want to methodically manage a colony, and it also works for those of us who want a brutal combat system and harsh conditions keeping you on your toes. World exploring is a blast and the character interactions are always fun - This game is even more fun if you employ a bit of imagination.With the mod support, frequent updates and great community, this game quickly goes from really good to life-stealing. Pick it up if you like the idea of a colony simulator. This game is simply the best one out there. Takes inspiration from lots of games but does it better than all of them. 5/5"
76561198154581749,Recommended,294100,33159745,Posted: 2 July,all,Evan Cothren,Have you ever wished Dwarf Fortress/Prison Architect and Firefly/Dune made a baby? Then this is the game for you. The game allows you to colonize a terraformed alien planet and manage this colony through everything that comes at it. Highly enjoyable. Bought it a few weeks ago and have loved every minute of it. If the first sentence caught your attention then you need to buy this immediately.
76561198017007860,Recommended,294100,33206864,Posted: 3 July,all,<TP> DarkNavari The Eternal✪,Dont let the early access tag put you off the game is amazing constant updates from the developers and a huge mod community to add even more cool things to the game.10/10 will continue to play god.
,Recommended,294100,26946298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jamsspinle,Great game.
76561198008580090,Recommended,294100,32571941,Posted: 19 June,all,Rinkhals,"This game consumes time like Galactus consumes planets, with an ever present and unstoppable hunger.... Be warned -  this will most likely eat you alive if you suffer from OCD Base Building / Management tendencies. The back stories and ongoing development of your colonists is mind blowingly deep. It is freaking awesome though and the modding community and support is just fantastic.PS. For all the H.P Lovecraft fans, there are also terrific mods out there where you can bring the Old Ones and cosmic horrors right to Rimworld... start a sinister cult they said, build a cyclopean temple they said,  Cthulhu fhtagn they said, now I am being sacrificed to He Who Waits Dreaming in R'lyeh..."
76561197979756445,Recommended,294100,25325328,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BlezzDK,"Amazing game wich is really not nice to you.Story:Simon was a surviver who crash landed with Elina and Marcus, Marcus was Simons little brother.This strange area was luckely warm and plesant, lots of trees to build a new home and lots of animals to feed them, they used most of the days by building and collecting resources.A nice warm morning a new survivor showed up, a pretty girl who wanted to join the colony. Perfect timing because its is hard work to build a new colony with only 3 people, they needed the help.they welcomed Julia to the colony with a party and a feast in the kitchen that night, we started bonding very quick, it was a good evening. But no one would have expected that raiders was coming the next morning to attack.We all gathered quick to try and protect our new home, Marcus picked up a gun and started shooting! But to late did he see Simon crossing in front of him and accidentally shot him in the back of the neck. He died instantly by brain shoot. Marcus had just killed his big brother and went crazy, dropped everything and just walked around in a trance.Julia and Elina got the raiders away after long fightings, all was wounded expect for Marcus who was wandering around, because of his very traumatic experiance he went crazy and one night attacked Elina, he stabbed her and sadly she died that night by her injuries.There was nothing else i could do than go to Marcus sick bed after and killing him in his sleep.Me Julia is now the only one left and i can hear the raiders are comming. i will say my goodbyes and share my friends short sad story, and hope you who find this story will do better. bye to all and thanks for reading.RECOMMENDED :-D"
,Recommended,294100,28818121,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Telekinec,"RimWorld is one of the best simulation games I've ever played on internet. You can choose between three scenarios and three AIs which allows A LOT of replay value. The AI is always throwing at you different events (positive and negative) which keeps you on your toes. It's one of those ""Let Me Play Another 5 Minutes"".It's one of the deepest games I've ever played in terms of simulation (take for example the electricity wiring). There is a lot of things to build, to craft and to do. Most of the times you don't have enough survivors to complete your To Do list, which is the whole point of this game: micro-management.I still think there is a lot more that can be added to Rimworld, but the dev made a super good (see those two adjectives? It means it's that great) job of this game. Although it's written EA, it's already a fully playable game which I strongly suggest for gamers who like games such as Prison Architect and  simulation / micro-management genres.There are a few Cons though. Even though you have a Learning Helper that shows you how to use your controls (you cannot tell your survivors what to do, they decide based on the priorities you've given them), it's quite difficult to assimilate everything in one go. Expect to be doing a lot of errors in the beginning (which is part of learning to play a game) and to go through several trials and errors. Guides found on Reddit / Steam and any other place will turn out to be quite helpful. Rimworld even has it's own proper wiki. When everything will have settled down, the real fun will begin!ALSO: It'd be awesome to add Steam Achievements, there are a lot of ways this could be implemented. I forgot to add that the Steam Workshop is worth a look. The modders in this community are insanely creative :)"
76561198129033384,Recommended,294100,24787066,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Rain,"An absolutely infuriating game.Fifteen cats randomly join the colony and start eating all the food. The doctor gets depressed and goes on an eating binge because his room isn't luxurious enough, then catches malaria. Meanwhile the 69 y/o farmer with dementia goes on a delusional walkabout and angers an elephant who comes back to the colony. It wrecks the place and badly injures the rest of the population. Doctor ends his pity-party and gives the entire town malaria while healing them.11/10 would binge eat the entire food store and become a crazy cat lady again"
,Recommended,294100,24342263,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kelthar,"Before this game was released, I had at the very least 300 hours in the DRM-free game.Although the game is in early access at the time of writing, it is still a fantastic game. It is, however, quite deep and rich. It is not an easy game to learn, and you will get punished, harshly, for apparently no reason. You think everything's going pretty damn well, you finally got your new farm setup, all that's left is setting up defenses on that si--- aaaaand massive raid. Half your colony is dead. Your lovely farm is on fire. Raiders kidnap your main doctor, and shoot your dogs. They also blow up your generators, and it's mid-winter, temperatures are -60ºC outside. They survive for the season, feeding on their dead comrades. The remaining few step out of their destroyed shelter as Spring comes, but it's in the middle of the ice sheet, and even though it's Spring, it's still -40ºC. Everyone dies to the cold.Editing this review to mention that the modding community is great. They manage to take the game a step further and really cover all the bases."
14489553421138532,Recommended,294100,25861721,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ahura Mazda,"This is the story of a new colony of three people.My first colony started out pretty ok. It was just three guys and a vast open landscape for them to build. I started off with chopping down almost all the trees in the area. Once everything was cleared up, I made an area the stockpile zone and another one the growing zone for rice. I built a nice large house for everyone. I slowly expanded and researched more technologies. More guys joined the colony. Everything was going nicely for my new colony. Then one day, a female joined my colony. My guys instantly fell in love with this newcomer. The thing is, this woman would reject my other colonists all the time. They went from happy and content, to major risk of breakdown. I knew from that moment that something had to be done. I spent an entire night thinking of every possible solution. I twisted and turned in my bed when suddenly, a brilliant, shining solution popped into my head. I started Rimworld and began phase 1 of my plan. I took the town psychopath and the woman and drafted both of them (drafting makes them moveable and allows you to give them orders. Plus it makes them into soldiers that stand guard and fight). I took both of them into the dense forest. There I ordered the psychopath to shoot her. Being the psychopath, he didn't care. He shot her without any regret. I got him to bury her. After this grisly deed was done, I expected everyone to be sad. To my surprise, everyone was happy again. They were already pretty happy, except for constant rejections. Now with just a minor dead colonist mood modifier, everyone was happy again. All was well.That day, I learned a valuable lesson. Homicide is an excellent solution to all problems."
76561198040595704,Recommended,294100,27601181,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Happy baby,9/11  would amputate arm to stave off infection only to accidentally amputate head again
,Recommended,294100,25133360,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cmaxster,"My three colonists started off ok, but being new to this game, I was still rounding the learning curve, and times were tough. Vladamir, the least useful of my colonists, was a medieval lord trained in the subtleties of swordplay, gunnery, nobility, and er... not much else. Lumpy was a former slave, and Soarna a fledgling artist. All pulled their weight while vladamir just sorta wandered around a lot, breathing all creepy like (no joke, creepy breathing was one of his traits). One day Lumpy came across a mysterious steel structure, of course I ordered her to take down it's steel walls, and lo and behold behind it was a derelict cryopod and a giant spider for some reason. Naturally I sent in vladimir with his gunnery skill and lumpy to dispatch this beast. It got ugly fast and lumpy suffered a nasty gash on her neck, but even more curiously, during the firefight the cryopod somehow opened and a space soldier emerged to help battle this beast. He was almost immediately mauled, and I tried to rescue him, but apparantly you can't rescue someone who is designated as an 'enemy' by the game. So I just left him in a pool of blood in shock. According to his character profile, he was a massochist and loved pain, so I assumed it was probably for the best. Meanwhile a hungry bear began to terrorize my colony and killed Vladamir's beloved pet fox. Upon return I had vlad kill the bear, but he took the death of his fox pretty bad. Furthermore the colony was very low on food and I didn't know how to butcher animals at this point, so I instructed vlad to eat the bear, assuming he would make the proper preparations, but no, he literally dragged the bear corpse to the nearby kitchen table and chowed down. About 1/4 of the way through he appeared to become disgusted with himself for eating a corspe raw and his mood dropped even further. Meanwhile his friend Lumpy's neck wound became infected and she almost immediately died. All of these misfourtunes, coupled with poor living conditions seemed to be too much for vladamir, so he promptly grabbed his rifle, and went ""berserk"" and ran off into the forest, I can only imagine, babbling incoherently and breathing creepily all the while. There wasn't much I could do at this point, so I shrugged and returned to my last remaining colonist, and attempted to get the colony in order as best I could. Days later I had completely forgotten about Vladamir and went about finding him to make sure he wasn't causing too much trouble in his frenzied state. Well I found him.. or what was left of him.. his corpse was lying in a giant pool of blood, and his rifle was a couple meters away.. using my superb detective skills, as well as the games combat and health logs I was able to piece together what had happened. It seemed that Vladamir had come across the path of a warg.. a very large warg.. and in his berserk stupor, had decided that this was a great target to unleash his fury on. I'm not even sure if he managed to get a shot off because according to his health log, both arms had been ripped off, as well as both of his legs, his torso mauled, his head decapitated, and his actual cause of death was listed as ""massive bloodloss"". I could only assume the warg was probably ok. And apparantly Vladamir was kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥because my remaining survivor appeared to have a mood boost resulting from Vladamir's death. In fact my colony is doing better than ever since Vladamir died.Great game, 11/10, would berserk again."
,Recommended,294100,24397425,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BroQ,"I've played RimWorld since Alpha 7 (It's now currently on Alpha 14). I've seen this game take shape through the hard work of the devs and the beyond supportive community. It has everything you could possible want from a base building/micro-management/survival style of a game. Here's my take on the game if you're on the fence on buying it:The end game consists of you trying to survive long enough to build a spaceship to get your colony off of the planet you crash landed on. Along the way you'll have obstacles like diseases, wild animal attacks, pirate raids, solar flares that hinder your power, storms that destroy your entire harvest, and tons more. There are endless possibilites on what can happen at any moment which creates this constant fearful mindset: ""Will I be ready for it?"" Well odds are you won't be. I've never had the same experience twice in this dynamic game (And future mods developed by the community will continue to keep RimWorld refreshing).On top of all the crazy dynamic events, every single colonist has special traits and passions that make them effective towards certain tasks, such as hunting, cooking, growing crops, crafting, mining, etc.. As you grind these tasks the colonist grow in levels which then allows them to produce better quailty work. But just like life, everyone will have a weakness alongside their strengths. For example, there are negative traits that will effect a colonist such as cannibalism, being a nudist, the need for bioinic body parts, greed, being anti-social.. Both the stengths and weakness' will effect the way you play out the situations thrown at you.If you love survival games with a challange, I'd recommend this game 100%."
,Recommended,294100,25123356,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,God Bless Jon Mess,Prison Architect + Dwarf Fortress +  Don't Starve + The Sims + Factorio + Space Station 13 = RimWorld10/10
,Recommended,294100,24356216,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Wh00pAss,"Look out! This game includes a time displacement field, where did that last 10 hours go? So So addictive. Get it at your own peril ;)"
76561198030733621,Recommended,294100,24604818,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cyrus Deacon,"What an amazing game! If you like roll playing and feeling immersed, this is the game for you. Long story incoming.We crash on a habitable world. Scattered trees and deer. Our crew consists of Tanya the hunter, Navarro the doctor and Esper jack of all trades. We built a shelter, rather slowly as nobody has great carpentry skills. But it works. Tanya went out hunting and man is she good with that rifle. Nobody is a decent planter but we plant some crops(potatos, cotton and corn).We encounter a passerby named Pyrra. She is extremely intelligent but does absolutely no work. Won't clean or haul anything. She has ner nose is books the entire time. Grant it, since she is borderline genius and she will be coming up with research projects left and right.A single raider attacked up with nothing but a club. His name was Lynx. We put him down easily. His nose and arm were shot off, and we captured him and threw him into a makeshift cell. He wont be happy when he wakes up.The next day, not only did blight strike our crops (100% of them were destroyed), but raiders attacked. Twice. This was a group of 3 tribesman armed with bows, pikes and other primitive weapons. We put that down easily as well killing all 3 attackers. We have technology on our side. The second group was looking for their friend, but we were not so lucky with them. They were armed.... well. Much better than us. They stormed us and we took heavy fire. Dr Navarro had a grenade go off next to her and she immediately fell into shock. We managed to kill two of the others and chase off the last guy. Esper caught up to him as he was already shot in the leg and beat him to death with the butt of her pistol.This next day was even more of a nightmare. A heat wave set in, A raider snuck in behind us the day before and destroyed our generator, while we have our Dr laying in bed trying to recover from the grenade. Her wounds have turned into infection. Esper is bedridden from heatstroke. We are scrambling trying to fix this damage that has been done....Well our Dr didn't die of heatstroke. She went berserk in the middle of the night from all the damage our prisoner has brought upon us. She broke into his cell and attacked him. In self defense the cell mate beat her to death. We should have killed him when we had the chance. Immediately after this, more of his buddies showed up. They blew a hole in his wall and broke him free. Pyrra was injured in the blast and lost two of her fingers, but she will be fine. Esper recovered from heatstroke and tried to treat pyrra, but is not very skilled. We are running dangerously low on medical supplies.Two days have passed since Dr Navarro was killed. Across our coms came a frantic voice searching for salvation. She(Emminent) has raiders on her tail. We agreed to help and I have no idea why. We were already in a desolate situation. Luckily it was tribes people again with low tech weapons. Tanya was hadling these invaders easily enough until one tribesman got close and cut out her eye. Our only soldier is now missing an eye and we have no doctor. As the tribe ran away, they set all of our crops and storehouse on fire. But we got lucky and it immediately rained!We sifted through the debris and were able to salvage about 90% of our potatos 0% of corn or cloth.The rain continues. We worked through it. Tanyas eye healed the best it could. Esper and Emminent rebuilt the store house and Pyrra researched some more technologies to possibly help us with our endless raider problem. We are starting to run into a food problem. We were relying on the meat that Tanyas hunts were bringing in. But with her missing an eye, she is bringing in less than half of what she used to. Nobody else is good with a gun at all. We can't hunt animals with clubs and spears. Is this how the tribes people turned into backward technological barbarians?And this is where my story ends. A small group of tribes people attack doing very minimal damage. But:Pyrra gets a small cut on her arm. We have no medical supplies. It festers. She dies.Esper gets grazed by a bullet. We have no medical supplies. It festers. She dies.Tanya and Eminent cant cook what little meat is left and there are no crops. They are forced to eat raw meat. They both get the plague. They had no medical supllies. They both die.The end. Buy the game."
,Recommended,294100,26972266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mot,This game has me more worried about imaginary characters then my real friends and family
76561198076039746,Recommended,294100,28266307,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Cerberus,"Not sure I can say enough good things about this game.  If Caesar 3, Civilization and Stardew Valley had a menage a trois, whoever the chick is, Rimworld would pop out of her.  For anyone who insists that 'graphics make the game, dude', screw you, and you're wrong.  The quaint sprites and animations are fantastic and perfect for the platform.  The creators thought of everything when it comes to simulation the human condition, and it's executed very well.   You love to micro manage a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of things at once? This game is DEFINTELY for you.  Buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198168024088,Recommended,294100,26454349,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,swh13c,"I start a nice little colony and work my way up to 5 settlers.  For the first few months, everything runs like clockwork: a freezer full of food, a nicely decorated home base, a plethora of resources, and good morale all around.  Everything was beautiful, and nothing hurt.After a few seasons, I start getting bored with the beginner setting.  So, stupid me, I decide to up the difficulty by one level.The next day, four pirates invade, two of which are armed with explosive ordinance.  They kill 2/5 of my colonists and burn 2/3 of my settlement down, along with 90% of my food.  My yorkie also bites the dust after bravely attacking an invader wearing body armor and wielding molotov cocktails.  I send one of the survivors to dig graves and take my attention off the dog's corpse for 20 seconds, and when I come back to order his burial, my resident psychopath has already butchered the yorkie's remains and cooked him into a simple meal for future consumption.  Waste not, want not.Luckily, the next morning, a wanderer shows up out of nowhere and offers her services.  Unfortunately, she is a pyromaniac, but we'll get to that later.Another two days go by until the next pirate attack.  They've gotten smarter, deciding to bypass the locked doors by blowing up my walls.  No one dies, but I have several nice holes that I decide to take care of later.  Big mistake.Three days later, all hell breaks loose.  I send my hunter out to bag some deer.  That night, they [the deer, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not] decide to get revenge, and they launch a coordinated assault of my compound, coming in through the holes in my walls that the pirates from the previous day left.  My colonists are scattered, and the deer kill one settler and cripple the three remaining.  They politely show themselves out while my colonists writhe in agony on the ground.After starvation and exhaustion start to set in, the pyromaniac's mother coincidentally crash-lands in the area.  This gives my pyro (also a doctor, go figure) the motivation to heal up, enslave her mother (I was short on colonists, sue me), and start to treat the other injured (who cannot walk).  Unfortunately, she's been in agony for so long, she suffers a mental break in the middle of surgery and begins torching everything.  She collapses almost immediately afterwards, and the rest of my colony goes up in flames, because I'm stupid enough to build everything out of wood.In summary: everyone I ever loved burned to death.10/10Would play Space-Pirate/Deer-Invasion/Pyromaniac-Mother-Enslavement-Genocide Simulator 2016 again."
76561198024080920,Recommended,294100,24628605,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Inzu,"Great game.  Be prepared to invest some time into learning the mechanics.  Sure you could read a guide, but it is more enjoyable to stumble along and have your colonists die in horrible ways.The game designers have a perverse sense of humor.I started one colony as the only male with two nubile female colonists - one of them a former sex slave.  Just as things are starting to warm up, my man-hating, ex-wife joins the colony and becomes good friends with the other two female colonists.  In the interests of restoring harmony, I send my ex-wife out hunting for food with a knife against large carnivores.  Ex-wife's body is found by the women and dragged back to the colony causing both to go into deep depression.  Thus begins a downward spiral that ends with the colony starving and then wiped out by raiders.Great game !   Would send my ex-wife out hunting carnivores with a knife again !"
,Recommended,294100,24539803,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TenDozenZombies,"Day 1 - Became lovers with beautiful, psychotic slave.Day 2 - Set up a rudimentary camp. Bed, crops, even some walls and a floor.Day 3 - Beautiful slave gets mad I make so much noise coming to bed.Day 4 - Slave sets camp on fire. We are both devoured by the flames.10/10 would be burned alive again."
76561198083415891,Recommended,294100,25500056,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,forestfey,"Rimworld: Mastering the art of getting screwed over big time by either yourself or the storyteller-AI. Or as the community likes to put it: Losing is fun.Oh the drama, oh the suspense!One wouldn't necessarily expect that from a scifi colony simulator, but it's all (over-)delivered. Due to their behavior and individual quirks, your pawns easily become more than moving spreadsheets with a bubbly avatar (No feet or hands, adorable potato-people!).I guarantee you will experience SOME sort of story when you pick up this game: It could be a soap-opera with pillaging space-pirates or something explicitly more dark than getting afraid that your stocked up food will last through the winter. -One of my first colonists was mauled to death by a hungry bear, because she was wandering around in the wilderness -naked, during a blizzard- in a psychotic haze that was triggered by her former lover cheating on her... And I was actually quite upset, a lot more than any given time a colonist died in Banished (which is an awesome game aswell, don't get me wrong).Not to mention the feeling of accomplishment once you launch your finished spaceship and reach the ending screen with credits-Even though it is a lot more about the journey than the take-off, admittedly.5 difficulty settings, 3 so-called ""storytellers"" and editable aswell as creatable scenarios offer a custom-tailored experience catering to (almost?) everybody. The new tutorial makes the game much more accessible, but leaves out enough stuff for own discoveries of the nuanced mechanics.The game also features an elaborate drugs systems, but since an addiction-mechanic is present and intoxication comes with side-effects, I cannot see it as ""glorifying"" drug use in any way. ...Looking at the sometimes hilarious, sometimes sad events unfolding during or after a binge, it might be even realistic in a simplified way...A huge plus for this pre-release is the lead developer Tynan Sylvester being very active in, and engaging with the community (on reddit, too). It happened more than once, that a former mod-only mechanic was implemented into the core game. So, indeed a game the community helps to develop :)All in all I can recommend this game very much! 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,28473473,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,OneloneZanzibar,"Playing the Hardcore SK global project 4.1: Hell Effect mods.""Well they kept trying to break out of jail so I removed their leg..."""
,Recommended,294100,27590513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,microdragon153,"An amateur's review of RimworldRimWorld is one of those games that can treat you right one moment then sucker punch you the next - but what makes it so good for me is that it doesn't always. It has three storytellers with their own pattern, and those each have their own difficulty. If you want casual play, there's Phoebe Chillax on Basebuilder difficulty; mistakes are easy to recover from. Or you can also choose Randy Random on Extreme Permadeath for a real challenge - What happens is random and once it's done, it's done. Good luck surviving a huge raid on day 3. RimWorld gives a rather strong range of control of challenge right from the start.The real fun is in the gameplay. You manage a colony (or a tribe) of 1-5 colonists, or pawns, and are tasked with their survival and the ultimate goal of building a ship to leave the planet. Defend them from raiders, killer robots, insect infestations, blights, eachother, and yourself. (We all get fed up with thatonepawn eventually.) These pawns each have different traits, skills, and backstories that change how they function, like nudists, psychopaths, optimists, medieval lords, medieval slaves. Injuries also play a big role. A sick colonist will have to spend time in bed recovering or risk death, and a colonist can have their hand, arm, head (yikes!), organs, and more removed and that will affect them adversely. (Who needs a head anyway?) Not to mention that where you choose to build will affect growing seasons, clothes needed to survive, and diseases.One final feature of RimWorld is the modding scene, and it is huge. A large variety of mods exist on the Steam Workshop and are a click or two away from being in your game, and even more unique mods await you in the Ludeon forums. Just like games like Skyrim, mods can make you spend yet another day managing those wacky pawns. The developer is also active and still polishing and adding more to the game, pushing it bit by bit to its final, grand form.Final ThoughtsI didn't expect to love RimWorld as much as I did, and it was a bit of a hesitant buy. However, I fell in love with the game. I struggled to build my first functional colony. I waited on edge to see if my pawn would recover from disease. I felt unease from my first ancient danger. I swore when my pawn kept missing an easy shot. Every colony is a rollercoaster of emotions, and I love every second of it."
,Recommended,294100,26256385,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ｓａｄｂｏｔｓ 👌﻿👌,"if you like sim management games, building really nice work orders and taking care of your people's needs and wants, and feel like supporting a SUPER solid game that is in early access, then this game is for you. i've sunk a lot of hours into it and i love it. not to mention real good mod support."
76561197990813087,Recommended,294100,27440686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xXdolceXx,good game  :)
,Recommended,294100,26159514,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Suspect,11/10 I just finished the tutorial.
,Recommended,294100,29344286,Posted: 18 January,all,Col. Hooligano,"Worth every cent and every update.A very deep experience of logically balanced features and gameplay. Smart and rich with theory, filled with that old-school complexity, seasoned with simple graphics (which were never required for this type of games).All you needed from old-glory stategy games of the past, plus some new age survival feeling enveloped in a modern, very promising project."
,Recommended,294100,24446024,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[JAWA] WonderBread,"I'm pretty sure this is the first review I've written for a game on Steam in the 10+ years I've used it.RimWorld has been a fantastic surprise of a game. Within 3 or 4 days of owning it, I've logged almost 40 hours of gameplay.I never played Dwarf Fortress, so I can't exactly compare it, but it reminds me of an expanded followup to FTL when your crew fails, only now we get to see what happens after they crash land.Community support and culture on Reddit has also made this game a blast."
,Recommended,294100,24946921,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,BA,"I have run this game for 97 hour, in 4 days.It's GREAT!"
,Recommended,294100,24426241,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ultric,"I'll be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of this genre. I haven't played much dwarf fortress, games like Towns, Gnomoria and Craft The World usually elicit a single long playthrough that, though enjoyable, usually concludes my time with the game whenever I have everything unlocked.RimWorld has been pretty much the opposite. I've played about 5-6 times already, lost my colony to various things, whether it infection wiping out my people, raiders gunning down all but one of my colonists and leaving the surivor to wander around the compound with crippling depression or whatever...it doesn't matter. I just start up a new colony and go at it again.A little reccomendation: If you play games like Xcom or stuff like that with iron man off, don't do so with this game. Go in the way it's meant to be played, it's surprisingly easy to go through with restarting, and I haven't had any bugs so far. Honestly, I think the best thing this game does is remove character creation. Clicking random until you get people who generally fit what you need kinda detaches you from them, meaning that when they inevitably die, you're fine with just going again (at least for me). I still haven't had any playthroughs that I'm incredibly proud of, but so far, every loss has taught me something and I feel like I now have a really efficient method of starting thte game.One universal piece of advice: Build graves as soon as somebody on the map dies, friend or foe, and get all bodies buried ASAP. Just trust me."
,Recommended,294100,24802132,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,swanbaby,Best game ever.
,Recommended,294100,24963718,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Varghund,"The highlights of Victor ""Martin"" Martinez.Shoot your pet warg by mistake, wound gets infected and it dies. You eat him.Get a new friend by saving him from an enemy raid just to see him die of a heatstroke a week later.Imprison a survivor from an escape pod, change both legs to peg legs and harvest organs just for fun.Rescue your own brother Viktor Martinez from an escape pod, heal him up just to see him run away without saying thanks. That ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Thwart a raid, take a prisoner and recruit him to your colony, get a new friendBoth you and your new raider friend get trampled by a Thrumbo.You bleed out knowing no-one will rescue you.10/10Will avoid Thrumbos next time."
,Recommended,294100,24994455,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Fidelfc,"I was reluctant to buy this game, being an Early Access game with simple graphics and a hefty price, but i'm so glad i changed my mind.Trying to explain what the game is really hard, due to all mechanics it have, so i'll focus on what i would want to know:This game is what I've been wanting to play my whole life and didn't knew, this is the beautiful son of Dwarf Fortress and The sims, in a very awesome way.The mechanics are deep,but not drag the game down, the learning curve is sometimes brutal, but lovely, the colonist have a lot of ""personality"" and the most memorable stories are created by how faulty they are, as i said, think of dwarf fortress but focusing more in your dworfs as single beings.Also, while this is an Early access game,this development is more like a Don't Starve EA, the updates are very ""feature complete"", you won't get a bunch of features that don't work or need a lot of balancing, you get one or two per version, but they are solid, tested and pretty much bug free, with a  few hotfixes solving the problems, this make the game looks like a complete game that is always evolving.The updates come in a steady way, 2 or 3 months per big update.The modding community is healthy and very active, the developer is very present in both the official forums and in the Reddit subreddit, implementing some suggestions and ignoring the ones that didn't fit the game."
76561198158458912,Recommended,294100,25000902,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tacocat,Can you name another game where you can build a golden sarcophagus for your pet llama that got bitten to death by a mad tortoise?Didn't think so.
76561198004311298,Recommended,294100,25001111,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Miradus,"Rimworld. Kept hearing about this game from my friends but wasn't sure it was for me. I'd played countless hours of Dwarf Fortress over the years and I couldn't see anything this game provided that DF didn't already have.Never have I been so wrong.There's a lot of goodness in the way the game plays out. The interactions between your colonists or ""pawns"" as they are often referred to is deep and interesting. Like many other games, you collect resources and build with them but the similarity ends there. There's also a rich faction model and a moderately well-designed combat system. You can expect your colony to be visited by traders, raiders, orbital trade vessels, and even survivors crash-landing in escape pods who need your help to survive their injuries.The modding community is going strong, even though the game is still in early access. There's medieval mods which turn it from a pure sci-fi game (though the sci-fi is admittedly weak on laser beams and high-tech staples) to a deranged Renaissance fair gone horribly wrong. There's even a mod which puts you square in the middle of a zombie apocalypse, as if dealing with raiders, toxic fallout, and the occasional volcanic winter wasn't enough. Sounds too hard? You control the threat level by picking a ""storyteller"", which is a great new thing I have not seen in any game before. The difficulty level also can be changed from where it launches exploding antelopes during a solar flare that destroyed your electronics down to where free food reigns down from space in cargo pods.The game has a lot of replayability already, new mods are being added every day, and the game is STILL in early access. I'm very keen on getting my money's worth out of video games, and with the wealth of choices available today there's no reason the discerning purchaser shouldn't be. However this is one of those gems you will play a lot, particularly if you're a fan of building and colony sims ... or a Dwarf Fortress fanatic like me."
,Recommended,294100,25351509,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hawthorn,"Wow. I have left reviews for other games before, some good, some bad .. but not one can I remember where I was this excited and happy with a game.It starts out so simple. Me and some buddies crashed, landed and made this planet our ♥♥♥♥♥!Dug a cave, set up some beds, killed some creatures .. then WTF?My doctor is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and eventually starts taking off his clothes and wandering the woods until he is killed.Hmm, Apparently everyone hates the dirt cave. Clean it up, wait, now they are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the food? Okay, no cooking skills, hmmm .. wait! Now tattered clothes? Wait! Fire? Wait!Argh .. restartArgh .. restartArgh .. restartsleepRead Forums,WTF? Undermountain roofs? Raiders in Base? God damn infestations?Arghh .. restartBliss"
,Recommended,294100,24992236,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Angeleek,"So I've only really made a couple of colonies in easy mode so far..BUT oh man. I have watched a lot of hours of people streaming this game as I fell in love with the storytelling aspect! I don't normally like these kinds of games as I find them stressful, however, this is actually really enjoyable! The fact you can pause and adjust your strategy etc etc, adds an interesting element to the game.For an early access game, I have by far had more fun than some of the major release games (The Division comes to mind...). I appreciate for some, the pricetag is a little high, but you will get a lot of enjoyment out of this game for your money.The pace can be slow or fast, depending on what kind of story telling AI you choose. It can be a little intimidating to start as there is so much to do, but it reminds me of a cross between the sims and terraria! (I haven't played such games as Dwarf Fortress or Prison Architect that it gets compared to..).I'd recommend reading guides/watching videos/streams on this game before purchase as there isn't much of a tutorial in the game yet!I cannot wait to see more content added to the game. It'd be nice to have more things to craft etc, however there are many mods I haven't looked into yet, so I might find something there!TL;DR this is a really fun game, complex yet simple! The story building is excellent and very entertaining. Once you get a flow, it's quite addictive, waiting for the next disaster to occur and how best to tackle it!"
,Recommended,294100,25238558,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Phatboy,"Reasons RimWorld is better than Real World:- Wearing clothes made from fur is acceptable, no matter the animal- Artworks are useful and have purpose- You can eat your prisoners- Friendship can be quantifiedThis is a great game!"
,Recommended,294100,24799907,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DoctorMikeD,"A tragic story of survival, friendship, and love on an unknown planet...Crash land on a flourishing landscapeBegin the grueling task of gathering resources and building shelterRescue multiple survivors of fallen rescue pods and convince them to join the causeDespite all the hard work, two survivors declare their love and are planning a wedding!A chapel is built specifically for the occassionThe wedding night is upon us, and everyone gathersALERT! Raiders are incoming!The bride, a skilled gun slinger, rushes off with the others to defend their homeIn a blur of gunfire and smoke, the bride takes a shotgun blow to the chest and is instantly DEAD!The dust settles and one of the raiders remains alive in the dirt, barely breathingThe groom quietly walks up to the fallen raider and empties his gun, avenging his would-be wifeI stare at my monitor and quietly exit the game - holy sh** what just happened?After only 20+ hours of gameplay, I thought this was just a basic build-n-survive type game. But you start to become attached to your survivors and then it becomes personal. Fiona (the bride) will not be forgotten!8/10 - No regrets buying this game. Will definitely play again! Looking forward to updates/patches that will enhance the game further."
,Recommended,294100,30934103,Posted: 3 April,all,xX_BacıDestroyer_Xx,"As of right now it has been around 24 hours since I bought this game and steam says  I have ""21.3 hrs on record"" Definitely reccommended if you like management games."
,Recommended,294100,29146362,Posted: 9 January,all,Vox,My bonded animal was a 8 year old dog. (Granted my group had him for a few years) Died last night to a heart attack. Nope. Reloaded to the last save. Not today dog.I'm personally more upset when the animals die than someone in my group.
76561198044298152,Recommended,294100,31978582,Posted: 26 May,all,Ebin Nisti,"First colony, Build a wooden shelter with beds and stove. After that a wild bunny apears and goes on full berserk on my only guy who could cook after that he gets an infection no one was able to heal it and he dies. After that everyone else died too because they couldn't cook.Second colony, Build a house decided to check a stone building by breaking a wall it was full of some aliens and one big maggot with a minigun. Everyone died."
,Recommended,294100,24381968,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,{BHC}Pvt.Hell-Knight,"Is the enemy the ones outside the walls, or in them? Are you really safe in your holds of steel? Is Janet going to kill Dave after Dave started sleeping with the new girl in town? Yes, yes she is. 10/10 would have the base go in lockdown after Janet found out when she had grenades."
,Recommended,294100,26638348,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Docdra,"I liked the base game just fine, but similar to Minecraft - it is the mods that will give it longevity.With the mods I recreated my immediate family - me, the wife, and three kids.  Customized appearances, behavior, etc.We crashed and on the first day got to work surviving.While clearing a structure the ceiling caved in - wife lost her nose & daughter's left eye was crushed - her cat was killed.My daughter could no longer shoot straight, but we struggled on.Days later wild beavers entered our territory.My daughter and I went out to kill them.Shot my daughter in the arm by accident, but thankfully she still could use it.  Beavers all dead.Ignored a survivor in an escape pod, they died - oh well, they were psychotic.Then my dog died from a snake attack - sad day, but still had a pet warg.Daughter caught malaria, was doing good, and then we ran out of medicine and she took a turn for the worse...Visitors showed up, but they didn't have medicine, only malari-block - useless after the fact.Daughter died...Cursed the mods for allowing me to recreate my entire family, but struggled on.Warg died during a raid...Started up the save I made right when the game started - not without my warg dammit!"
76561197993652404,Recommended,294100,28565317,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Greggbert,"This game, even in early access, is the ultimate evolution of the dwarf fortress mechanic.  It's like the developer played DF, Craft the World, Towns, Gnomoria and Prison Architect, and elevated the genere to a new level.  Intuitive, smooth and  polished, each iteration of the game shows the Ludeon team's skill and dedication to perfection and a positive gameplay experience.There is somehting very authentic-feeling about these procedurally generated characters and I get reallly broken up inside when they get hurt, sick or killed.  Highly Recommended."
76561198137430756,Recommended,294100,24947368,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Bigler,"By far one of my favorite games of all time. Get the game! Great story that you help create. Great shooting/fighting mechanics. Great depth for wounds, mood, art, building, growing, trading, taming. you name it, its in there. (yes including a black market organ trade) Countless hours of fun."
,Recommended,294100,32698171,Posted: 23 June,all,Ricky Baby,"When one of my Alpaca's nuzzled a colonist, who decide to call this cute herbivore 'Murder', little did I know the fate that had been bestowed on this creature.Not a few day's had passed when the klaxon's blared, Raiders to the north it was, and so I dutifully drafted the defence force. Soon the smell of cordite filled the air, and spotted in the distance was an alpaca and 2 downed raiders."
,Recommended,294100,25087088,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Iridium,"Marty Villegas only wanted peace and solitude when he landed on that strange distant world, with only a handful of pre-prepared meals, a truckload of silver and his trusty dog Kiko. He quickly set to work building his mountain fortress, since he knew the galaxy was a rough and tumble place. Marty wasn't a violent man, so he set out to arrange things such that he wouldn't ever have to fire his blaster rifle in anger.It looked like his preparations were coming along well when one fateful day, a man fell from the sky in his escape pod. Marty thought for a moment about leaving the young man to his fate, but something made him venture out into the jungle, bring him back, and tenderly heal his wounds with what little medical supplies he had. Maybe it was a perspective built on the over two millenia of human history he had seen pass by in his fifty-odd biological years. Maybe it was simple human kindness. Whatever it was, he did his best to heal the stranger. The man was built like an ox, and with the bandages applied and antibiotics taken, he looked to be improving in just a few short hours. With that done, Marty set back to work on his power systems.It wasn't long after that when the battery short-circuited. A fire started in the electrical room as he was working in it, lighting Marty ablaze. He quickly ran back to the storage room to catch his senses and pat out the embers. But he knew he would have to go back, or the whole compound would burn up, leaving him with nothing and quite possibly killing his poor unfortunate guest. So Marty charged back in, and right then, the second battery exploded.Marty ran into the main hall, where the makeshift medical bed had been set up, and ran about in front of his bedridden charge, floundering here and there desperately trying to put out the flames. But it was no use. Marty collapsed on the floor, his flesh searing with fire and battery acid. Without aid, Marty would soon perish.And it was in that moment, my friends, that Marty's earlier kindness proved totally and completely in vain, because just then, the little puke got up from the bed, calmly walked around the burning form of the man who had saved his life, and left out the front door, without so much as a glance over his shoulder. Marty finally died just as the door swung closed. We will never know what horrible fate awaited Kiko in that dark Jungle.If the above sounds like the sort of scenario you would enjoy getting irrationally angry about at 1:00 AM on a Tuesday morning, then RimWorld is definitely for you. Also permadeath mode."
76561198007661257,Recommended,294100,33063608,Posted: 30 June,all,Quicksilver,A gem of a game with excellent vanilla stability and a strong modding community.
76561198232907908,Recommended,294100,32757365,Posted: 24 June,all,Hershal721,I made the wife of someone from an ancient danger execute her husband despite us capturing him. Then killed a dog because he got a luciferium addiction. 10/10 would make wife kill husband again.
,Recommended,294100,32987801,Posted: 29 June,all,DesiredRep,"Love this game, I play it from time to time! Wish there was more to do though late game : )"
,Recommended,294100,32965062,Posted: 28 June,all,Brogin,This game is so much fun!Reminds me of a sims with rpg elements and trading. god i love this so much
,Recommended,294100,31127076,Posted: 13 April,all,Charles_Butt,"A building game, a survival game, an RPG, a management game, a crying game, a raging game, and lastly, a great game."
,Recommended,294100,24339356,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Krell,YEAH.
,Recommended,294100,27012764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,X-RUSH.OwnZ-,"There's always one person in bad mood doing nothing, except beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of his fellow colonists"
,Recommended,294100,26930073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,petunia,"This game is amazing! I was looking for a game like Banished because Banished is not for Mac and I found this gem! Oh man! I love it, it's a bit frustrating but challenging and you just keep learning."
76561198380787005,Recommended,294100,32970718,Posted: 28 June,all,Sloth the Indolent,"This is pretty nice. 8/10 vanilla, 10/10 with mods."
,Recommended,294100,32967528,Posted: 28 June,all,Specter,"I don't write many reviews but I had to on Rimworld. This is one of the most amazing games out there. I don't know why it took me so long to bite the bullet and buy it (FYI, I have much more than the stated time played).If you are hesitating on buying this, don't.You will not regret it. The amount of time you will get out of this crazy, plus there are so many great workshop mods out there as well."
76561198055389997,Recommended,294100,32857043,Posted: 27 June,all,OakenSteed,by far one of the best games I've ever played. every group can be different in so many ways. Well worth its cost + amazing modding community
76561198073036845,Recommended,294100,32704729,Posted: 23 June,all,MrShady,"If you are looking for a fun colony builder/RTS game then you have found it. Though what is really special about rimworld is how is so uniquely crafts stories which you will remember time and time again. Moreover, mods really improve upon this game. While it is a masterpiece, similar to bethesda games, it is so much better with mods. 30 dollars is small amount to pay for what you will get out of this game. However, don't mistake this game for thinking that you will never get burn out of it. You will and I have a few times in my almost 300 hours of playtime. Though, the cool thing about this game is that you can come back to it and try and do something different, create a new story, and try out a new mod from the amazing modding community. Stop reading the reviews and seriously buy this game."
76561198095931581,Recommended,294100,29782766,Posted: 8 February,all,Bence,Good game
,Recommended,294100,24384527,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Red_Rover,.
,Recommended,294100,24393381,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ZombieBisque,"I already had hundreds of hours in this game before it dropped on Steam, so let me just say right away that it's definitely worth $30.00RimWorld is a game about managing the survivors of a crashed spaceship as they land in a hostile, unexplored wilderness.  Similar to a (less detailed) Dwarf Fortress with a Prison Architect aesthetic, RimWorld is a very comfy game, while also being challenging and addicting.  My only real complaint is how easy vanilla is, but the game has a very healthy mod scene and there are a lot of ways to expand the game or increase difficulty with mods.9/10 and gets better with every update.  Pick up a copy today!"
,Recommended,294100,24410994,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,EuphoriChemist,"This game has been worked on maticulously for the past three years and it shows. The level of detail associated not only with the look of the game, but also the mechanics in unparalleled. It is worth every penny and its replay ability is bar none. Get this game!"
76561198065538768,Recommended,294100,24387830,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jguynup,"I saw this game and read about three reviews before I bought it without hesitation.I started playing at around midnight, thinking, hey! I'll just play for a half an hour before I go to bed.What feels like 5 minutes later I look up from the screen only to realize the sun is coming up. I played for 5 hours without realizing.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,294100,24392035,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,LHunt,"This game is so satisfyingly deep and feature rich. If you are not fond of this graphical style, do yourself a favor and try it out anyways. There is much, much, much more than meets the eye. In just over a day, I've spent 17 hours and have barely scratched the surface. This game is worth Triple A asking price of $59.99."
76561198049732429,Recommended,294100,25216898,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GreatAdam,"This game has more content and replayability than most complete games, and its still in Alpha. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,294100,24384613,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,firesoul,"Great Game in general, I wouldn't call the fact you HAVE to randomize characters to get a decent one, but the fact that randomizing the character randomizer can seriously give you a Cannibal Masochist Gay person. ♥♥♥♥ING. AMAZING."
,Recommended,294100,24403252,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Backbite,"I don't know how I sunk so much time into this game.I guess I just got attached to the colonists I was playing.Gameplay is challenging and rewarding... It does lack variety.For an early release this is excellent.If you prefer more polished work, I will say wait.[edit]The AI story director lacks variety at the moment, the same / similar events keep happening.Same with world generation.Workshop integration gives this potential endless playability."
,Recommended,294100,24393062,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Captain Claymore,"I have been playing this game for a while now, before it hit the greenlight, and what I can tell you for sure about Ludeon is that updates come frequently and they always have a ton of content.  It's clear that this game is going to be kept alive.  And to think that in it's Alpha stage it's already so hugely complex and fun, I can only imagine what the full title will be like."
,Recommended,294100,24384403,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ellye,"Pretty good take on the Dwarf Fortress style of base-building games.Despite being in Early Access, it's already perfectly playable with a good amount of content and procedural challenges."
,Recommended,294100,24385106,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,_Jolly_,Was given a Mother and Son and a fat russian apocalypse survivor. The son couldnt do labor or fight but he could tame animals and was a psychologist.....right. The russian dude was really usefull but he had a eating problem and the mother could only build and cook. After 3 days the son had a mental breakdown and was beaten to death by a lhama. The mother asked the russian for sex was rebuffed then had a mental breakdown because the russian wouldn't share the only bed and made her sleep on the ground. She attacked the closest rabbit and was nibbled to death. Right as all seemed to be lost a a russian female wanderer arrived and they both hit it off. Neither of them can do medical care though so it probably wont last long.10/10 would watch a psychologist have a mental breakdown again.
,Recommended,294100,24408932,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,teabagjohn,"This game is perfect if you want to create your own story.I made this beautiful colony with four people in it. Everybody was doing their job, every now and then someone had a mental break down and ran around naked for a while - nothing major. But suddenly I lost control: In order to cool meat (and other food) I placed a fridge thingy in the wall, powered by my battery which is connected to the huge solar panel in the middle of the colony. It worked fine for days until suddenly the battery decided to blow up. Usually not a huge issue but the blast killed the dude sleeping next to it (he often had mental break downs so I placed his bed in the small room next to the battery).Now, because I like to live cheap I build most of my stuff with wood. Explosion + wood is not so good, as you probably know. So suddenly half my colony was burning to the ground while my other three colonists were sleeping peacefully in the only steel building I ever build.When they woke up in the morning the fire was gone - but so was my battery, solar panel, all of my supplies, workbenches and even my crops. ""Thank god I still have some potatos."" I thought. So I started some repairs and decided to bury that one guy who was sleeping next to the battery.The next day I get a message ""Heatwave incoming."". Now, because I had no steel left from the repairs I could not build the fridge thingy again and as a result my colonists had to work at ~55°C. Didn't take long until my best dude fainted. Then the other one. Followed by the elderly lady (who is the only one in that shi t hole who knows how to plant potatoes). One after another died - my precious work of was destroyed in a matter of minutes. If that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ battery didn't blow up I could have saved everyone from the heat by putting them in my cooled storage room. But god wasn't on my side this time.Great."
,Recommended,294100,25216242,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"This game is amazing, i pieced this story together from my characters backstories.3 people crashlanded on a unknown planet codenamed ""Italia"", these three were members of a military organization and were travelling on the same ship.Dmitri (male)the Mech War Veteran, it states that he fought in the great Mech War that recently ended (the ship was probably returing after the war). Dmitri was a soldier that fought in the frontlines in the 2nd Mech War, during his childhood he lost his entire family in the 1st Mech War (its called the mech war since it was robots against humans from what i can understand), this left him socially scarred, he didnt want to bond with anyone since they might die.Kim aka ""Kimmy"" (female)was the ships Doctor, she patched up the soldiers onboard this unknown militarry warship, she probably patched Dmitri up a few times but never caught his name, she was a ace student that was top of her class before joining the Research and Health Department of the Military Corp. (not much else is know about her).Ana (female)was one of the ships cooks aboard this unknown military warship before it crashed, her brother was also aboard the ship as a military engineer. she was an art student during her childhood and was born into a noble and wealthy family, it is unknown why she chose to be a cook, especially a military cook, but she too will share the same fate as these Dmitri and Kimmy.StrandedDay 1The three woke up in wreckages of escape pods next to each other, they were surronded by money and steel and survival food packages, they quickly regrouped and Dmitri collected the the stuff and lead them into a destroyed alien ruin, there they spent the night sleeping on the floor.Day 2The three started building up the ruins, patching up holes in the roof, building outwards with wood, they even managed to a bed room that they all shared, they spent the entire day building a bedroom and beds then sleeptDay 3The three woke up and ate and started constructing a dining room aswell as a butchers room since Dmitri knew that they needed one.Day 4Dmitri woke up early in the morning from nightmares from the 1st Mech war, he was restless so he went out hunting and shooting animals, he brought home a deer like looking creature, the three ate this deer.They lived like this for 4 more days before something happened...Day 8While Dmitri was out hunting he spotted another man, he quickly ran to him and he introduced him self, his name was Vandeim and was the ships engineer and brother to Ana, he joined the crew and even created electricity, he made solar panels and wind turbines as well as batteries.Day 9Kimmy started constructing a infirmary since she was scared Dmitri would wound himself.A few more days passed by...Day 17Dmitri brought home another man while he was out hunting, it was Colten Volt aka Colt, Colt was one the ships pilots and confirmed that no other survived the crash since he traveled half the planet searching for us.Day 19A band of native tribes started raiding the ""colony"" but it proved no match against Dmitri and Colts fire power, sticks and stones doesnt beat fire and steel.Day 27A native was captured her name was Jude, Vadeim started educating her and learning her language.Day 31Jude joins the merry band of survivors.Day 35Jude and Vandeim marrys.For the past few months the survivors lived happily and propspred, they built into the mountains the ruins they where in, they built a farm in front of the ruins, they built a pool table where Dmitri, Vandeim and Colt spent their days, they built seperate rooms for everyone, thay had truly come far...Day 112A man named Antonio was running away from a band of pirates, Dmitri took up arms and rushed out to protect him, he slauthered the pirates and the survivors fled and vowed to return... Antonio was apparently a Survivor of another crash, according to his backstory he was an explorer.Day 121/122It seemed that pirates wouldnt return but they did... they returned and brought death and destruction with them, they built mortars behind the mountains and started besigeing the make shift base of operations inside the northern mountain, Vandeim, Colton, Jude and Dmitri went out to fight them... The fight was bloody and long, the battle lasted the entire night, the pirates all died but Vandeim was severly injured, Dmitri grapped him, and carried him to the infimrary.Day 124Vandeim died from his injuries...Day 125The colony is mourning and it hit Dmitri hardest, his memories of his childhood and the war returns...Day 128While out hunting Dmitri froze and that nearly cost Colt his life.Day 131Dmitri looks very bad... he stopped talking to the others...Day 135Kimmy tried to calm Dmitri but he became angry and injured her. Antonio and Colt where forced to calm him down.Day 139It looks very bad for Dmitri, he is getting worse and worse...As time passes more and more pirates and tribes started to raid and attack the survivors, Dmitri fights them off valiently and screames ""die you scum... THIS IS FOR VANDEIM!"".Day 157Communications are up and Antonio has taken over as Engineer.As time passes the survivors start getting used to live this life, and accepts its not that bad, Dmitri gets worse and worse, and to stablize it he drinks and sleeps in the days... The only time he leaves his bed is to hunt or kill raiders. Hopefully the mood will improve amongst the surviviors. (this is how far i have come)This game is beautiful and very detailed, the start is harsh and fun, its randomized so its diffirent everytime, i would recommend this game to people that like survival games, management or strategy. If you like games like Prison Architect or Banish or Factorio or games like that then this is definetly for you!This game is in Alpha yet it is more complete then ever..."
,Recommended,294100,24393532,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nordkapp,"Honestly one of my most played games since Alpha 5 or so..Incredibly fun, if you are into games like Dungeon Keeper, Dwarf Fortress etc.Also make sure to explore the mods! When you are done with the game in its vanilla version, download mods from the workshop. I guarantee you, you will be hooked again, bacause some mods/modpacks rework Rimworld to all whole new game :)P.S.: DON'T BUY BEFORE FINALS :("
76561198025014100,Recommended,294100,25216824,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kennfusion,"This is the story of Alex ""AB"" Bucan.When I first arrived at the new colony location with Alex Bucan and Mitch, the later like me was young, it was conforting that AB, the former Galactic Officer was with us. He was as handy with a rifle as he was with a hammer, and I don't know if we would have ever gotten the base of the ground without him.  It was just 3 guys, working, toiling and sweating and getting things done. And then the twins came...and changed everything, escpecially for AB.Fab came running into camp one day and showed us right away how good he was with animals. He tamed turkeys and rabbits and llamas for us right away, and we welcomed him. But it was only a week or two later that his twin sister, Noriko, came running into camp seeking shelter....with raiders in persuit.AB and Mitch grabbed their guns, and I awkwardly grabbed my hunting knife and we went out to meet these raiders head on. We saved her, but Mitch...he took some bad wounds. I tried to heal him, but I just could not stop the infection. He died a few days later. AB took it bad, I think he looked to Mitch like a son. He doubled down into his work.He was working on stone blocks a lot in the same room as Noriko a lot. She told me he would often flirt with her, she thought it was harmless, I did not think much of it.  But then Noriko and I fell in love, that was when we realized that AB had a serious crush on her. At our wedding later that season, he left right away to go back to his work.He was out hunting, recklessly a lot around the time the Alpha Beavers showed up in our lands. Before the rest of us even knew they were there, was already taking them out...until one of them took off his right arm.  We did not have the medical technology to help him, and he did not believe in bionics anyway, so it did not matter.Somehow he still managed that rifle, even with one arm.  And when the raiders came the next time, he was still out there, shooting them down.  He took a hit to the arm, but it should have been ok...except we were out of medicine, and it got infected, and if we did not take the arm, it would have killed him. Maybe the hardest thing I have ever done is take AB's other arm off.But he lived. And while he had no arms, it turned out he was really good at research. It was a new found passion of his. So much so that he basically filled his days by eating, spending all day in the lab, sleeping and then doing it all over again. We did not know what to do for him, so we just let him go this way. Until the day he went crazy, probably partly from cabin fever, but it was his choice. He somehow managed to strip off all of his clothing and ran around trying to attack us all. But he could not really do anything to us, so we just had to sort of let him tire himself out.Now we make him take some relaxation time every day at sunrise and at night to watch the stars. It seems to have helped a lot. He still does not bother to ask for help for things like eating, so he just eats like an animal in the freezer right out of the containers...but we just clean up after him. He keeps discovering all sorts of new scientific improvements for us.Noriko died recently in an explosion, and with the new drug colonys I have heard about, I am moving on, but I imagine that ole AB will just keep soldierign on in his lab for a long time to come."
,Recommended,294100,24387467,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zondag,The best thing about chickens in the game is that they are the first line of defence.just set the animal zone around your camp and just shoot the enemy with snipers.10/10 easy defence
76561198039128467,Recommended,294100,24457368,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tramadol,"""Prison Architect meets Dwarf Fortress"" couldn't be more accurate.  If you're looking for a game to play forever, you've found it."
,Recommended,294100,25284467,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Strategy Simulation survival sandbox game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is an ingame Tutorial!There is a Sound volume slidebar available.There is a Music volume slidebar available.There are some resolution sizes available.You can play this game on fullscreen or windowed mode.You are able to change and customize the controls on your keyboard.There is MANY LANGUAGES available! There is one for each country!There are some different scenarios available.There is a different Storyteller with each of their own effect INCLUDING a difficulty settings.You are able to download Mods.About the game.You play with some colonists and you have to build buildings, supplies, generators, turrets and many other things. To make it short, you have to rebuild everything. You are able to research and learn better things, Like television or other things. Your colonists has random attributes and skills and you are able to order them around to build and work. They could be connected to someone else or a pet. If something bad happends to the person and it may die, then the colonist will get a penalty debuff. There are alot of ways to make the mood high and low. But whenever they are too low, they will go nuts and might end up killing your colonists or destroying things. You could get attacked by mad animals or raiders. The higher the wealth of your base, the stronger the raid will be. You have to gather food, getting resources defend and do whatever you can do to survive.You can put a Seed or choose a randomized Seed.You can change the size of the world.You can choose your starting location.You are able to name your own character.You are only able to randomize a character and you can't choose their perks.Very Addictive.Game has Random things. Events/world/seed/etcAble to pause at anytime you want and speed the game up by 3 times.Has Permadeath option.There are traders and you can take people prisoners.Winter/Summer Season and Day/Night Cyclus.Save and load game is available.Other things.I am not a huge fan of early access, In fact i do not buy a game really from the EA. But I have checked some videos and this game got my attention. They update and they are still active. This game has a huge potential and super entertaining and it is worth any penny.-------------------I Give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,294100,27074162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Obvious,"Wow. i started playing this game when it came out, and ive been happy ever since.with good updates and a good range of difficulties. if you enjoyed games  like prison architect and cities skylines this is definately the game for you."
,Recommended,294100,32836204,Posted: 26 June,all,dansqubansku,"This has got to be best money I've spent on a game in my life. Even without mods I can see myself playing this game over and over again, just doing all kinds of weird things and having my colonists killed by something I could've prepared for but decided not to, or something of the likes and the amount of mods that the rimworld community makes just make it better and sometimes unpredictably hilarious.If you have the money to spend on this game, which at the time of this review is still in Alpha, you are spending money on an already stablished, stable and fun to play game with a lot of room for growth, both for the developer and private modders. You will surely enough get many hours of play time, just learning what to do and how to do it is a very pleasant experience if you are patient enough. The replayability is incredible, I can't get enough of Randy Random.You should get this game if you ever considered playing, or did play, Dwarf Fortress. It is not as intricate as DF right now, it doesn't have all the features, we don't know if it will ever get to that point, but for me DF was kind of unplayable, as I found it too unfriendly and a bit hard to understand. RimWorld on the other hand has a much more modern and friendly UI and allows for a more personal and direct impact over the game, without the need to learn much or dedicate many hours into it before you can completely enjoy it.I can just hope that the game will continue it's current path and see it grow even further, my expectations were met and I can't put to words how happy I am I bought this."
76561198021057668,Recommended,294100,33060922,Posted: 30 June,all,wizzard,"While the term ""dumbed down"" its usually bad, a dumbed down Dwarf Fortress its exactly what I was longing for."
,Recommended,294100,29239738,Posted: 13 January,all,☮Thankful☮,"Aw gee, what can I say about this one? How about...""Epic, a true adventure, not the faux ones you see today, that take only five hours.""""You get attached to the characters, dispite the fact they're almost all made of basic shapes.""""You'll love the way your base looks all day every day. Don't like that room?♥♥♥♥♥it, that room goes! What I'm trying to say is you've got a lot of freedom.""I highly recommend this game, 10/11"
76561198076620690,Recommended,294100,32960180,Posted: 28 June,all,Ramachandra,"Look good, play good, feel good, fun. Rimworld is a unique game on steam, not because we have not seen 2d base building or survival games before. It is because the creators are obviously hardcore gamers themselves and have the sense to create from the players perspective. Graphic is noting special yet done in the right style. Content is the spice and the path what the player have to take is making it shine."
,Recommended,294100,28901090,Posted: 1 January,all,Super Harold,Just hook it to my veins!
,Recommended,294100,28551528,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,JeffAmentSlash,"I don't often write reviews for games but this game derserves a review. This game is best described as a colony building survival game with a similar play style to Prison Architect. Its great. It's unforgiving on ironman mode which is what many games lack these days. Most games baby you through and let you just go back and fix your mistakes with no consequences. You will have to start again multiple times, you will rage and swear to never play again but you will always be back. This is the most unique in depth survival game i have played with endless playablity. Unpredictable weather or events (raids , solar flares) keeps you on your toes. There is so much to talk about with this game but ill let you discover the awesome experience for yourself. Easily worth the 30USD and id imagine itll go on sale this xmas, if for anything less than $30 , its a must have for anyone into stratergy, survival and RTS games. Many updates, tweaks and fixes. Workshop capability.9/10 would watch my colony burn to the ground again."
,Recommended,294100,25345944,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Skel1,"The trailers and screenshots of this game do not fully do it justice. What follows after the review is my experience with my first full game.The game is played very similarly to games like ""prison architect"" where the majority of your time is spent building infrastructure and economy with only minimal control over your autonomous denizens, only it adds multiple layers on top of the formula. The game is part base builder, part ""sim city"", part ""the sims"", and part ""factorio"" to compare to other games. Failing at any aspect of this game (villager happiness, resource management/logistics/crafting, combat, infrastructure) will end in the death of your settlement. Life holds on by such a thin thread that you might even say it's part roguelite.Add on top the concept of a ""digital AI storyteller"". Instead of the game throwing random disasters at your efforts, you choose a type of story teller that will progress your story with various events. These events are everything from visits from other villages, space ship parts falling from the sky, wanderers who join your village, to complete disasters.My experience:My three villagers landed on the planet, and were able to quickly build a small functioning village. Despite a few easily put down raids life was good. There was potatos, rice, fresh turkies, and hobbs was a gourmet chef. One day Eryl noticed a steel wall and felt it was dangerous, thanks for the heads up Eryl! As the fledgling colony grew so did its power requirements, and the villagers ran out of steel building a powerline to the freshly constructed walk in freezer. Well, there wasn't much steel on the map, but that ominous steel wall had plenty. The villages were dressed like cowboys, high on smokeleaf joints, and had an assortment of guns and maces, what's the worst that could happen?Senthia went down to the steel wall to deconstruct a chunk VWORP VWORP, immediately exposed and enabled were three ancient war robots. First they killed Senthia, then they started making their way to the village. The bullets fired on them did no good and were no match.  As the villagers fall one by one, a pirate raid happens at the same time. The pirates rush in with torches to set the village ablaze until they see the ancient robots. The ancient robots kill one of the pirates and the rest of the pirates flee. The village is in flames, the villagers scattered on the ground. The game ends with robots destroying every chunk of the settlement chunk by chunk.This game is amazing. 10/10. Would suffer sci-fi apacolypse again."
,Recommended,294100,24719966,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MADDEHN,"My guy Brawler was married to a ""Pretty"" engineer. I decided to equip him with all prosthetics including dual cyther blades and power armor. She divorced him due to ""disfigurement."" This drove him berserk and lead to the death of his now ex-wife, Doc, and the beloved labradors. During this time, the batteries blew up a conduit which sent the rest of the colony freaking out to put out the fire. I was then raided with no power. The end. Thank you Randy Random."
,Recommended,294100,24994148,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Shasta,"My longest standing colony finally met it's end when the badass viking looking guy died fighting off a pack of alphabeavers, so his pet timberwolf went mad with grief and literally tore apart the surviving colonists.This is Dwarf Fortress Lite, but damn if it isn't the same fun. If you like a game that's an ocean wide and an ocean deep, this is well worth your money."
76561197993482276,Recommended,294100,25265109,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ash,Having played this game extensivly I have to say that it is one of the most fun and engaging games that is currently available at the moment.  Despite the obviously basic graphics that are very reminiscent of prison architect the amount of engagement that the game offers is not found in many other games that I have played.  If you want a engaging colony survival game then this may well be what you are looking for.
76561198020182039,Recommended,294100,25356993,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cifer,"I've never actually posted a review in Steam, and I've never played a game like Rimworld. By that I mean top down view, that and side scrollers just aren't my style. I was even nervous purchasing it. Then I realized I will never regret it. This game s amazing, the stories that come up just from normal gameplay are amazing. My pig farm, was struck by lightning, most of the herd was killed instantly, the fences caught on fire, and my house almost went with it. I sat there in amazement that my entire heard just died from a freak accident in less than a second, as my colonists enjoyed their last pork dinners for a long while. The complexity of Rimworld is extremely deep, the basics are easy to pick up, and the story of what happens to your people will be unparalleled."
76561198124092294,Recommended,294100,25356390,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DeVita7,Dwarf Fortress lite. That is not a bad thing at all.
,Recommended,294100,24519743,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,icE,- Spent 15 hours building the most majestic (AS ♥♥♥♥) base you could ever imagine- hmmm whats behind this granite wall?- proceeds to get anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 3 giant rocket weilding maggots- everything burns- there were no survivors10/10 great game just be prepared to have everything go to hell Game of thrones style
,Recommended,294100,26925615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doc Harrop,One of the best time sinks I've played in recent memory. Can't recommend this game highly enough. Longer review incoming.
,Recommended,294100,31489037,Posted: 1 May,all,BubblegumCake,"Well. What can i say? Im not a famous reviewer, but you can trust me with what im about to say next. This game, Is amazing. For those who love games like Prison architect, or dwarf fortress, This is the game for you. Its a whole new level of gameplay, and throws in so many options or ways to play. When you start, you get a globe, and where your colony will be created, is up to you from there. When you land, you have to put survival first by harvesting wood, mining steel and putting up growing zones and farms. You must then designate a stockpile, and put down beds or sleeping spots. From there, the story is yours. Will you flourish, with farms as far as the eye can see, and enough colonists to populate the world? Or will you suffer, when a dry-thunderstorm or heatwave fries your people? You can only hope that whatever storyteller you chose, is feeling mercy. Anyway, i would deffinitly reccomend this game. The developer, tynan sylvester, has a few youtube videos that show the progress, however they act as very good tutorials if you are new to the game. Then again, you could just play the built in tutorial! Have fun, and survive! Peace."
76561198010957168,Recommended,294100,33627025,Posted: 18 July,all,baaam,Good bye my real life
76561198060301780,Recommended,294100,28692833,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rocco.salvetti,My girlfriend came to mine with a hot asian lady for an orgy which I turned down to play more of RimWorld. This game is the end of your social and sexual life. Do not buy it unless you are after a substitute to your usual dosage of crak.
,Recommended,294100,25878345,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FieryUmbreon🐾,Great never had a problem.
76561198012331181,Recommended,294100,34320165,Posted: 17 August,all,AllTheChicken,"If I were only able to play one video game for the rest of my life, I'd choose Rimworld."
76561197989215538,Recommended,294100,34438125,Posted: 23 August,all,Ucpteddy,"Get it!, <JUST DO IT>!Named the characters after family and friends..Turns out my sister is a pyromaniac who keeps setting my base on fireTwo of my friends keep beating eachother up for no reason..Another friend's dad & Ex-wife crashlanded in the backyard and joined the clan..The Ex-wife married one of my friends, And now the ex-husband keeps beating the groom up.Another guy got killed by an angry squirrel.One guy lost his ear & left arm, When he got attackt by an angry Elk (He's still the best worker in the clan).There is alot of micromanagement, Altho i usually can't understand such complex things. I pretty much had it all figured-out after 10 hours.There is a Peacefull setting with optional attacks, If you like to take it easy."
,Recommended,294100,27245460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Salmon,beavers ate my home
,Recommended,294100,26180546,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,König der Hunde,"Currently at 170 hours.I only play Permadeath (no saves except on exit), Classic Storyteller, Some Challenge difficulty, Crashlanded Scenario (3 colonists basic scenario) and I accept every random choice they make for me (planet seed, starting location, colonist stats, etc) no matter how good or bad. This playstyle has given me so many wildly different narratives, stories of triumph, defeat, sadness, and unexpected joy.This is a game about the journey, not the finish line.I still have not had a successful colony to date. My most successful one lasted probably about 30-40 gameplay hours, which ultimately fell to an unchecked infestation while dealing with attrition and a seige. I sat in silence, respectfully released all my animals, and watched in abject detatchment as my legless prisoner eventually succumbed to simultaneous starvation and infection. He died alone, in extreme pain, and surrounded by the clattering claws of murderous bugs scraping his cell walls. I like to think his slip into unconciousness saved him from the horrific fate that awaited.The game looks basic, but the interactions between everything are masterfully crafted. You will find yourself having to make hard choices that will really make you question your own values in life. The AI is a masterful story-teller.I can't express this enough: the real enjoyment from this game comes from the meta story. It's a great colony builder, and you can micro-manage so much that it will really satisfy those OCD control issues, but you have to learn to accept losses. It's all about risk management, time management, and resource management.One of the most stressful, but satisfying gameplay experiences I've had in a long time.My only advice: learn to accept losses and failure."
76561198067036666,Recommended,294100,24580410,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Albatrash Man,I have been playing this gfame for years and I have never have purchased this game legit untill that it was on steam and it is well worth the buy after I have dumped well over 500 hours into the versions I had before
,Recommended,294100,24939839,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Shaqary,I have played many hours of this game outside of Steam and I can easily say that this is one of the funnest games ever made. The tales that come about through each playthrough is fantastic and often times hilarious. The dev is also an amazing guy who listens to the fans and works incredibly hard to make this game as fun as possible. The music is also fantastic.My favorite moment was back in Alpha 12 I believe. I was recently raided and only had two surviving colonists. One was dying of an infected leg while the other was bleeding from gun wounds. I was attempting to perform surgery on the colonist with the infected leg but ended up severing my own leg and eventually both died.Do yourself a favor and play this game now. It is worth WAY more than $29.99 USD and will give you hours upon hours of fun.
,Recommended,294100,24580035,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Goatcheese,Crazy good game.
,Recommended,294100,32751258,Posted: 24 June,all,Ragga,"Wow... countless hours in such a fun and diverse game:There is just so much you can do with this... and it keeps updating with new and cool features!You can play this as:- a city builder- survial game- community developer- raider and warmonger- trader- and probably many other ways that I don't even know yet...Don't be fooled with the simple graphics... the complexity, yet ease to get into the game, out way its appearance.This is by far... where GAMEPLAY superseeds Visuals!!!"
76561198063883951,Recommended,294100,25010729,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Trugo,"Very detailed and thought through game. I say the gameplay is totally worth the 30 dollars, I'd reccommend buying ""In Game Name"" DLC just to support the dev.10/10 Would have colonist have depression again."
,Recommended,294100,25262032,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,RelicLord,"The best possible combination of Dwarf Fortress in Space with a heavy space-western Firefly element. This game is everything right with PC gaming in one affordable package, and the community workshop is hyper-active even while the game is in early access. It has everything it says on the box, and a unique feel that really hooks you.Just get it, and make sure you don't have to be anywhere important for a few days.On a side note, my little starting survivor band had an aging beauty queen who refused to do physical labor and treated all the others like trash. Poetic justice was served when a rabid wolf bit her nose off and everyone's opinions suddenly dropped due to disgust and hatred. There's that level of detail, and yes, you will insist on telling random strangers about every last bit of it.Seriously, if you've read this far then you've missed the important bit. Go get it and make your own story instead of reading all of ours."
76561198038965637,Recommended,294100,25181144,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The_Fat_Oracle,"Only just started playing the game, but from what i've played already, i think this game is brilliant. The characters are all so diverse, and the all interact differently to eachother and the environment around them in a very advanced way. I haven't encountered a single bug so far, the game feels very solid already. The story telling is pretty good as well. I reckon that this game is going to be amazing when complete, it's already very good. However, my one suggestion is adding in-game tutorials,because i had no idea what to do when i started. They have now added a heavily demanded tutorial, which well help people quite a lot, as this game is brutal. I wasnt sure about getting the game, but im very happy i got it. I Highly recommend this game."
76561198009419490,Recommended,294100,25468012,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dave_B,"I broke my personal rule about not buying early access games to get RimWorld, and very glad I did.Zero crashes, and not noticed any bugs in first ~50 hours playing (and many long nights!), far more polished than most final released games.One of the overall top rated games on Steam for very good reasons - intuitive interface, easy to get started, lots of fun surprises. At the easiest level its pretty much a sandbox to build your favorite base, but anything harder than the easiest setting it becomes quite challenging to survive all the surprises and can snowball quite quickly into a disaster.I'm too wimpy to survive the harder difficulty settings yet!"
,Recommended,294100,25511428,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,HisGracetheDukeofErrol,"I was originally torn when i purchased this, between this and No man's sky. I bought No man's sky...........returned it in less than 2hrs(so boring) and got this. Haven't looked back since, this game with and without mods is very challenging and fun! It's what I wanted fallout 4 to be. the graphics aren't super awesome but they are good enough and the gameplay more than makes up for it.  This game should be in your libary.My first game-Created myself with prepare carefully, proceed to get bitten by a rat and die of infection alone.My Second game-Created myself built a little base, only to have a cook i hired go beserk and burn it down. I died fighting the fires.My Third game-Created a whole party of people all super badass and op, set diffuclty to low, start game........whole party gets trampled to death by a pack of manhunting muffalo.etc. etc. etc. Great stories to be had in here."
76561198090615309,Recommended,294100,25350239,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Stata,"Definitely world the $30. I didn't expect to get 20 hours of gameplay out of this, much less 50. I'm not even bored of it yet, great game."
,Recommended,294100,25372908,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Loudbaby,I loved Banished. I love Prison Architect.Both great.This game is better. More evolved at every level.Textbook emergent gameplay.
76561198004183784,Recommended,294100,35029011,Posted: 17 September,all,Zauis,Its good.
76561198134067697,Recommended,294100,35018073,Posted: 17 September,all,catmousedog,"I can't think of any bad things about this game.You create a new story each time you play.The rest of the pros have already been written below.Just buy the fn game already, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,294100,35029492,Posted: 17 September,all,Tessa,By far one of my absolute favorite games to play! 10/10
,Recommended,294100,28380210,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Beach,"God damn this game what to even say, By far my new favorite upcoming game. Such a fun time to have a game that isnt stressful or stupid or has a bad community. This game has great everything and can only get better. I been playin it since the day it came out and alot more now. Holy crap its gotten good. Besides that the community workshop and mods for this game are LIT. So many hours of random, mind blowing, crazy managing fun. 10/10 WOULD RECCOMEND!"
76561198041829321,Recommended,294100,31226048,Posted: 18 April,all,Adrah,"I spend too much time playing this game... its ♥♥♥♥ing difficult and addictive more then crack.I ususally lose half of my guys to malaria or plague... and whoever left will get nice visit from poisonous ""psychical drone"" ship drop right inside the base, that will spawn ♥♥♥♥ing robots when touched.This game can be ♥♥♥♥♥... but i loved it anyway!In the end i downloaded ""prepare carefully"", ""EPOE"" and some other mods... i created one ""Terminator"" pawn with all the implants there are (hell there is like 50 of them) and with charge rifle to help me defend my tribe! was fun seeing him melt te♥♥♥♥♥♥out the raids or running with like 3 times more speed...I still play this colony... i am about to build my ship and i guess end the game? But i kinda lost my drive. Not because game is bad.. it is not, it just have too much frinction... i wait and wait and wait until someone haul me goddamn steel and until i can buy the damn components... I guess my base is too huge? Maybe because i set up priorities badly.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes survival games, i got about 80 hours of fun out of it and i think it will be more."
76561198087020034,Recommended,294100,28440337,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Surrəal,"Hard to learn, but worth every cent.""The fact that the game can sometimes kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you is what makes it awesome"" - Northernlion"
76561197966610664,Recommended,294100,31233901,Posted: 19 April,all,Dayspring,"I cant express how addictive this game is... crack, herione, porn? Its on a par. I've used loads of base builders and this is already the best I have ever played. Its not just the base building aspects. Its the involvement you have in the characters. I cant live with losing one. I'd rather reload and lose an hours gameplay than have a squirrel rip a characters finger off! I just hope the developer keeps adding content and story.Many of the base builders I've played end when you've tried all the tech. This doesnt. It makes you want to learn from your mistakes and keep your characters alive and see what the story has in store for you.I've lost days over this and thats without even trying any Mods. It has amazing potential just from the story elements alone. Keep the basebuilding and start adding more RPG elements. More caves to discover or crashed ship parts. Its limited at the moment but see a solid future for it. Cant recommend this enough."
76561198107016243,Recommended,294100,31322973,Posted: 23 April,all,Joe Franks?,"Probably one of the best survival / colony management sims I have ever played, I can recommend this to anyone looking for- Long lasting gameplay fun- Huge workshop modding base- In depth customization / simulation- Great developerIf I had to rate the game out of 10, I would give it an 8.5, that is only because of the amount of time it has been in ""early access""."
,Recommended,294100,29162779,Posted: 10 January,all,Lee,"In my last game one of my colonists needed dentures. Quickly I chose a doctor to do the work, and everything was going smoothly. Then suddenly out of nowhere my doctor for some reason cut the head of my colonist and left her for dead. Reminding you my colonist only needed dentures, not a brain transfusion..10/10 see heads fly!"
76561198058596718,Recommended,294100,31681075,Posted: 11 May,all,[h2o] Alyss,"Rimworld is a colony building game that throughly simulates thecore basics of human survival (food, shelter and social needs).The unique part of the Rimworld that sets it apart from other survival gamesallows a very wide range of options available for the player to sustaintheir survival with various differently themed biomes.Despite the fact of having so many different unique materials and equipmentit created a capitalist system that is so easy for layman players like me to understandand create a thriving industry within the game.The subgame within the game's various industry created near endless possibilities ofgameplay style coupled with well designed biomes which presents it very own uniqueset of challenges allows player to liberate themselves in hardcore survival.Availibility of editing the game's difficulty and various interesting scifi themed scenarioslike space bugs, space pirate or your average wildlife rampage to name a few allowsplayer to immerse themselves in a scifi world at their own pace.Seeing that this game is still in Alpha phase I would hope the developer would take into officializing some of the interesting mods the fanbase have created to balance or add in morecontent and maybe add in develop few more common industries missing within the game(fishing for example making water and sea tiles more relevant)."
,Recommended,294100,24494118,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,HarbingerSTG,"Crash landed in a forested region on an unknown world. Just 3 crewmembers survived. Mike, a janitor, and his dog, Vera, and Rhodes and Grumps, a husband/wife duo working as cheap labor. One day a fourth member joined our crew named Morales, a Luddite Rebel from the north. Long we lived in harmony until the Pigmen attacked us, injuring Vera in the process. Without adecquate medical supplies, Mike had to suffer watching his dog bleed out in the rain. Days later Mike came down with a bad infection due to being scratched by an unnamed horror unearthed as we excavated an ancient ruin. Rhodes, our crack doctor amputated his leg, but to no avail. Hope dawned when a healer by the name of Anna fell from the sky in a crashed escape pod. The crew that was left tended to her injuries as she remained unconcious for several days, hoping that she might wake up in time to help their friend. This was not to pass as Mike became incapacitated and entered a coma. The sun rose and Rhodes and Grumps made the decision to euthanize him. He was buried in a sarcophagus the next day as Rhodes, Grumps, and Morales mourned the loss of their friend. That is when Morales fainted. She had been scratched by the same monster as Mike and had received an equally sinister wound. She succumbed to her injuries that same night and was buried the morning after right beside Mike. Alone and without food, Rhodes and Grump banded together to hunt the scarce game that populated the forest, tending to Anna as they went. Two days later on a foggy morning, Anna awoke to the company of the couple having never known the occupants of the two sarcophagi that lay outside their homestead. Never knew the heroes, Mike and Morales, who died a dog's death, starving and hungry as they lay infected in their beds. All she knew was the love between Rhodes and Grumps. Enchanted by their hopeful and hardy demeanors she elected to stay and assist them. After being assigned a bed where Mike once had lain, Anna became apart of the struggle to farm, colonize, hunt... survive...10/10 would cry again..."
,Recommended,294100,35114961,Posted: 21 September,all,Rankenphile,"A graphical and easier to manage Dwarf Fortress-style game, and easily the best of it's kind. A worthy successor to the original DF that, while it may not have the infinite and maddening depth of DF, it offers more than enough already (and continues to grow) so that you end up with wild stories, unexpected situations and have a ton of fun along the way. Plenty of options to tune the game to your taste.I love this game."
76561198123024379,Recommended,294100,24362106,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pumble,"I only learned about this game a few days before Steam release. I watched a few youtube videos of others playing to learn the controls and basic fundamentals. I absolutely adored the concept and idea behind this game, and I have to say I am not disappointed.I love all the weird, sad, funny, violent, silly things that can happen to your colonists. I like how it is down to a more personel  level of play, being able to get to know each and every member of your little community. I've played many other games like this before, but really none of them I can say equal it in enjoyment.You'll get to love and hate your little pixel guys and girls. I purchased the game and in one day I had a 14 hour marathon. If that doesn't say how much I like it, nothing else can.100 hours played mark update: Yep, still love this game. And with mods, particularly things like Aparello, it gets kicked up to a new level of awesome. I am officially declaring this the best game on Steam."
,Recommended,294100,25216939,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BokehBot,"vs Minecraft: I just enjoy managing and building a base in the third person way more. There are incredibly more complicated and detailed gameplay you can accomplish with this camera shift and I love the increased depth.vs Factorio: The conveyor belt sim is mechanically deeper with a narrower focus, but Rimworld brings better theme, story progression, and broader gameplay experiences.vs Stardew Valley: Stardew is cute and loveable. RimWorld is nerdy and brutal (in a good way). Both are excellent games in two different subgenres.vs The Sims: I actually really enjoy the Maxis game. Rimworld is a more combat focused and survival themed simulation, built by nerds, so everyone gets cool guns. But I still care about social relations, food, and the decor of my building.on Difficulty complaints: There are gameplay mechanisms that address all the review complains I've seen. However, there is no tutorial nor easy way to discover them. For example, intelligent resource hauling can be managed with clever programming of the work priorities, but no one will ever tell you this."
,Recommended,294100,29053625,Posted: 5 January,all,Remove Luna,"My first nine hours into this game told me I'd be playing it for a great deal...My first two settlers, Lyn and Atlas got married and lived a wonderful life for several seasons only for tragedy to strike... While out mining a bit from the main settlement atlas ended up getting into a mining accident and dying leaving behind Lyn only for her to die to a raid a season later... The last of the original settlers named Roughchild was a friend to both and filled with sorrow upon there passing... I caught Roughchild sitting in a masterwork chair he made for both of them a great deal.The chair was simply called 'Atlas's Black' and it's description made me rather sad ""This Furniture is engraved with a depiction of Adam 'Atlas' La Pointe whispering sweet nothings into Vernalyn 'Lyn' Taganna's ear with few clothing in sight. Atlas is stylistically bonded with Lyn. The Style is dadaist with heartfelt elements. There is a municipality in the upper part of the image. This representation refers to to Atlas and Lyn becoming lovers on the 8th of summer 5500.""Suffice to say Roughchild ended up weathering the battering storms of loneliness for a while before finally passing himself to a brutal raid but not before taking several others with him.A toast for those lost... 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,34285897,Posted: 16 August,all,KaKaKrabbyPatty,"Where do I start?- Excellent mechanics- Awesome modding community- Brilliant music- Great atmosphere- Simplistic yet addicting gameplay- All the little things that make every colony unique- Dedication to the customers and fansThere is so much more to say, I cannot recommend this game enough. Tynan Silvester and Ludeon Studios, I applaud you and I cannot wait to see what else you guys introduce in this game and future titles. (Fingers Crossed!)Bravo, Ludeon Studios. Bravo."
,Recommended,294100,30450320,Posted: 11 March,all,Hybrid Ghost,"One of the most relaxing and satisfying games I have played, I do say relaxing which really depends on the person, but it is a game i can play for hours while listening to music. Highly recommended :D"
,Recommended,294100,35045326,Posted: 18 September,all,_Ho0cH_,"Rimworld is single handedly the BEST basebuilding game i have ever played. Of course, I am playing this game in early access everything is subject to change. (The game is currently in Alpha17 as of writting this review.)It took the aesthetic from prison builder and the social dynamic of dwarf fortress and had a beautiful baby with it.The game had the BEST tutorial i've ever played with a dwarf fortress like. 3/4ths of the time they have always been confusing or baby you to much.The game has so many dang mods it adds to the hunderds of hours of content the base games has as well.Please check this game out if you are a fan of basebuilding/village sim games.And remember: It's fun to lose."
,Recommended,294100,24398841,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,soupor,its a good game and its still early access so thats coolalso it has workshop support but i really havent messed with that at all
,Recommended,294100,31482336,Posted: 1 May,all,Amaro Kai,"Had a small 3 man colony in the jungle....    first year was touch and go as I learned the ropes, but we managed to pull together and got things up and running well enough...Everyone was getting along, Food was abundant, the place was getting fixed up nicely yada yada yada...So the colony decides to throw a party,   A little booze here, A little smoke leaf there...   Everyone is happyI think everything is going well so I step away to grab a drink myself...Come back and there is blood everywhere, Doctor is dead laying in cold storage, My cook is in sickbay bleeding to death and my guy is passed out on the floor drunk and high on smokeleaf!!!10/10 That party got ""Real"" a little too fast!"
76561198074194423,Recommended,294100,24343677,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Bluelight,"It started well I got 4 people with 1 Yorkshire terrier called XavierI managed to find some mortar shells for some reasonall was wellgot food, beds and powerthen a storm happenedlightning set my storage on fireit spread to the mortar shells while one of my guys was fighting the fireIt blew it all up and him aswellthe other colonists saw it happensaw there friend explodeone person went mentalkilled xavierand badly damaged one of the colonistthe other two badly wounded the mental oneand all the medicine and aid blew up with the mortars so two out of the three colonists left are bleeding badlyso they both go to bedthe last one goes on a food binge because Xavier her dog diedthe two bleeding colonists died overnightand the third one died a couple of days later from starvation because going on a food binge and eating all the foodDidint even get attacked once.11/10"
,Recommended,294100,35120285,Posted: 21 September,all,WooParadog,Firefly music!
76561198023352990,Recommended,294100,25533758,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,The Savvy,"I can't stress enough how good this game is. There are more detailed reviews out there, but this game is a story creating masterpiece. The interface is intuitive, the mechanics are all very well made (taking inspiration from Dwarf Fortress and Prison Architect) but the replayability is insane. There is so much value and creativity in this game it is most certainly worth your time and attention."
76561198320226857,Recommended,294100,32174190,Posted: 4 June,all,ModernZulu,"This game will teach you to be a cold blooded killer. You will have no remorse.Lesson One - Everything is foodThat little bunny? Food. The big passive Muffalo? Food. The idiot who tried to raid your home? Food. Your pet cat that was brutally murdered by a hungry fox? Food. The 4-hour-old Yorkshire Terrier also brutally murdered by a fox? Food. (F*** foxes). The fox? Food.Lesson Two - You will do anything for some silver (Currency)Prisoner? Take a kidney, a lung, then last a heart or liver, or sell the whole prisoner into slavery. A place to grow plants? Make a field of psychoid leaves to sell a highly adictive and dangerous drug called Flake. Your prisoner/money pot keeps trying to escape? No problem, simply remove his legs.Lesson Three - Don't bother with dignityRaiders attacked and were crushed? Don't bury or cremate them, waste of food, pets love dead bodies. A person bleeding out on the floor? They will die! Don't waste time giving them a humane death! You could be growing plants for drugs! That loyal pet that served by your side for many years and was tragically killed? That is food, good food.Final tip - Paralysed squirrels do not make good petsI was hunting muffalo when a stray rifle round hit a squirrel. I checked the squirrel's health and saw that there was damage to the torso and ""Spine - Shattered"" ""Moving - None"". I quickly finished off the muffalo, then decided I would rescue the little squirrel. I took the squirrel home and had the doctor patch him up. The little squirrel layed there for a few days, unmoving, before I gave up on him and used him for food.10/10 would turn everything into food again10/10 would make a drug and organ selling empire again10/10 would let raiders bleed out on the floor in extreme pain again10/10 would adopt a paralysed squirrel again"
76561198031027050,Recommended,294100,30560432,Posted: 16 March,all,melia_romulans,"There's no wrong way to Rimworld.  There is no one way to Rimworld.  There is no way NOT to Rimworld.I was initially put off by the comments about how impossible the game is to win - even if the ways you lose can be hilarious.  I like a challenging game, but life has enough fail in it already - I need something I can destroy.  I bought the game anyway, and so help me, I think this game was built FOR ME.  The settings, challenges, and modes seem almost infinite in combination.  I can start a map on sandbox, switch it into a crazy challenging mode for a bit, and then settle somewhere in the middle.  I can play permadeath.  I can be torn apart by mad squirrels.  I can train squirrels and release them on my enemies.  I can use God Mode and strike down all my enemies.  Don't be put off by someone telling you that Rimworld only plays one way.  There is no one way to Rimworld.Highly recommend."
76561198002517043,Recommended,294100,29417773,Posted: 22 January,all,oO,"Getting gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a group of blood hungry alpacas because you went into the wrong neighborhood never felt so good.Everyone you love will eventually die, most of the time by a drunk apprentice trying to do some surgery, traumatized soldiers going beserk or by discovering ancient bots that do not visit for a cup of tea.In the meantime people hoard food, insult each other over nothing, cry themselves to sleep because they are ugly and nobody loves them while raiders try to take your base.Enjoy the party moments, malaria is just around the corner!Sounds like fun? It actually is..."
,Recommended,294100,24530765,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NoPanic,"Bought this and Arma 3 at the same time, expecting to put more time into Arma 3. But RimWorld is just so much more than I thought it would be. The customization options are great and with the mood swings and all the characteristics and personality traits of the colonists it's never the same. I was slightly annoyed you couldn't pick traits but actually having them totally random is much superior in terms of stories. It's hard to grow attached to perfect characters, but this makes you care for all their little quirks. Very enjoyable. I just had my first colonist die of a heart attack and it was awful.The game feels quite complete but I'm happy to see that the developers are still thinking about adding content. I paid full price for this and I can say it was totally worth it already."
,Recommended,294100,28226030,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Heyzeusfish,I was late for school because of this game. Can't put it down.
76561198159293870,Recommended,294100,31833399,Posted: 18 May,all,D A N  M U,sick game☜
76561198283259767,Recommended,294100,32756538,Posted: 24 June,all,Storm,Rimworld is like drugs.
,Recommended,294100,34746882,Posted: 4 September,all,Kählveen,Like Dwarf Fortress with guns.
76561197984247814,Recommended,294100,29512183,Posted: 26 January,all,speekma,"Amazing game. Amazing mods. Endless possibilities. It's the perfect middle ground between Dwarf Fortress's overwhelming complexity and other base-builder sims' typically boring simplicity.This is one of those games where you are trying to delay your demise, not prevent it. Will the power cable running through the wall to your storage room explode, incinerating your entire food supply, right in the dead of winter? Will the beefcake in power armour you've entrusted with an assault rifle finally snap and go on a shooting rampage? Was it really a good idea to let 2 pyromaniacs settle in the town you built out of wood? Will you accidentally open the wrong secret chamber, and get slaughtered by ancient robots? Is that a heavily armed enemy raid gathering outside your base, just minutes after a solar flare conveniently disabled all your defenses? Play for long enough, and probably all of these, and countless more!"
,Recommended,294100,35230881,Posted: 26 September,all,🎃Resaix,"BEWARE: DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE A LOT OF TIME TO SPEND, this is wayyyy to addictive.Really cool ""little"", but actually huge game. So many things to do, so many events that keeps the player enganged its crazy and it feels polished, sure there are things to add in the future considering this is just early access but it really doesn't feel like it. You can easly spend 40-50 hours of gametime without feeling the need to have more but even if you do there are mods for this game so there is always interesting stuff to make out of."
76561198074453626,Recommended,294100,35234836,Posted: 26 September,all,Jack Paradize,"Every time I believe everything is fine and rolling, something happen, lose half of colony and get stuck with the non-productive members. Stop playing the game for a few days because I'm sad I lost all these people. Come back for the challenge to start a new colony.Great game!"
76561198115418253,Recommended,294100,30414594,Posted: 9 March,all,Yogismash,This game is awesome. Mods are awesome. Best Early Access I've ever invested in 10/10.
,Recommended,294100,33565814,Posted: 15 July,all,Nomadius,"I always hoped that in the game 'Prison Architect' the prisoners would have more complex relationships amongst eachother. Unfortunately my dream never came true and I felt empty for quite some time. I mean it's just a game :PRimworld seems to have filled that gap. The amount of hours I will pile onto this game should be worth every cent, I just can't believe I didn't stumble upon this game sooner!"
76561198121346842,Recommended,294100,35233588,Posted: 26 September,all,Catman311,The colony was doing fine at first then the Pyromaniac freak Gary lit Mia's cat on fire. Mia was angry... Mia killed gary. Gary made all of the food. Everyone died.
76561197996809468,Recommended,294100,30419009,Posted: 9 March,all,Evil Robot Santa,At well over 100Hrs in i am still loven this game.Cannot wait for the updatenow over 200Hrs and not stopping.
76561198063294912,Recommended,294100,30414878,Posted: 9 March,all,Shaddai,Honestly one of the best games Ive planned in years.
,Recommended,294100,25141830,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hokogan,"The story begins with three stranded people; Soda, McMillen, and David.  They gather resources, chop a few trees, plant a few plants...and build a nice little room.  David becomes really lazy while Soda and McMillen end up having to construct everything.  Only two of the three beds are built because of David's laziness, in which Soda and McMillen enjoy for themselves.The two females try to have a romantic relationship after realzing that David is just lazy AF and is of no use.  David sleeps outside.One day, they decide to head out to do some hunting.  David tags along.  Soda and McMillen get mauled to death by some buffalo.  David watches.I'm David.Would watch again.  14.5/10IGN.org"
,Recommended,294100,28802558,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Darnitguy,I enjoy this game more than I thought I would
76561198008562202,Recommended,294100,33382122,Posted: 8 July,all,Modulous,"I bloody love this game.  And the creators deserve a lot of kudos, along with those who have modded it.Big thumbs up."
,Recommended,294100,34826492,Posted: 8 September,all,ニールセン,A highly recommended little gem that is harsh to new comers and can be difficult to get into but is a highly rewarding experience once you get the basic mechanics down
76561198010034649,Recommended,294100,24437316,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cavalier Chris,"So, I've had my eye on Rim World for some time. I dont like supporting prealpha games, mainly as I dont wan't to get bored of the game before all the features are in. Now it's on Steam I did a bit of reading and it appears to be in a good state, so I bought it. I was not disapointed. Its lovely, harsh, brutal, beautiful and creative. Exactly what I wanted. Any confusion I had with the UI mirrored the survivors confusion at having to scavenge for themselves, but i learnt as they learnt. It is really fun."
,Recommended,294100,24820846,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,WickedNinjaKing,"I can't believe how great this game is already! Only 8 hours in and alread im hooked. Simple Graphics with a fun but not distracting soundtrack. If you like management, stratagy, DRAMA, random acts of beavers?! This game is for you. Lots of Mods out there to make a near dare I say perfect game of the genre even better."
76561198057921410,Recommended,294100,24825627,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Severisth,"1. Crash land on planet with three colonists (one being Troy, a professional counselor).2. Troy goes about setting up a base camp with the other colonists.3. One day, Troy accidentally trips one of the defensive traps, surviving but requiring amputation of his left arm. He presses on.4. During a raider attack, a grenade explodes near him, shredding his right arm entirely off. He survives.5. Good thing he's a talker; with no arms he keeps busy monitoring the captured prisoner raiders and thinking up new technologies for the camp.6. One day, he's had enough of this life, and starts screaming and breaking things in the camp.7. Fellow colonist Svaad, who is a bit psychopathic with no patience for this sort of thing, beats Troy to death.8. Riker, the other colonist, walks in, loses his mind at the sight, drops his load of wood, and proceeds to attack Svaad. They beat eachother unconscious.9. While lying there unconscious, raiders come to the camp, kick down the door, see the two of them, and decide to kidnap them.10. Svaad and Riker are sold into slavery.10/10 would do it all over again."
76561197962037450,Recommended,294100,24830083,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Hawken,A big thumbs up if you like base building / management games.As of Alpha 14 i have 77 hours in the game and have yet to complete a playthrough at the rough dificulty setting.This game is hard even after watching countless hours of youtubers play it.If you love a challenge and the frustration of your colonists going berserk if you dont keep them happy this is the game for you.There are also a wide selction of mods available to keep the game fresh while waiting for updates.Watch out for manhunting packs of Boomalopes ;)
,Recommended,294100,31928420,Posted: 23 May,all,Hilldozer,"Dude, just go ahead and buy the game already. For being in early access this game could be sold as a full game, and the dev team is still working and keep improving this game often. This game does have quite the learning curve to it, but once you get into it you will look and wonder where the last 6 hours went. RimWorld has givin me some of my most ridiculous gaming stories yet, and I expect it to give me more.10/10 would lose to a manhunter pack of rats again"
76561198015754320,Recommended,294100,24436794,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,meep,"Insanely fun and addicting game, with sooo many things done right. It has a ton of depth behind the simple endearing, buttery smooth graphics. The lead developer is a nice and humble guy involved with the player community. Would have never guessed this was in alpha."
,Recommended,294100,24577560,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ÚLFHÉÐNAR,"I kept seeing a friend of mine playing this, and decided to check it out. With the simplistic graphics, and ""sim"" label, I promptly ignored it. Boy, was I an idiot. About a week later, I read through the reviews, had a good laugh, and haven't played anything but Rimworld since.My first colony started out well. Built a nice base, had loads of farms, met neighbors, etc.I had a soldier, a medic chick, and a farmer/researcher.First raid, soldier whoops♥♥♥♥♥Second raid, soldier whoops♥♥♥♥♥Third, soldier whoops♥♥♥♥♥until incapped. Medic goes to save him. Farmer freaks out and starts firing wildly, hitting medic in the head on accident. Medic dies. Soldier dies. Farmer lives for a few days in a funk before offing himself.10/10 would witness tragedy again and laugh"
,Recommended,294100,24842020,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mini,"One of the most accessible community management sims out there. Beginners to the genre can easily pick up this game and get into it without hours of watching youtube tutorials. The UI is mostly user-friendly and it shouldn't take long to really figure out what you're doing. Compared to other games of this type I find it hard to not recommend RimWorld over all the rest, and RimWorld is only in alpha! Despite the game being in ""alpha,"" it feels complete. I haven't encountered many (if any) bugs and there's loads of content to enjoy at this stage in its development. The story that you create for your colony can go in many different directions. You could have one colony thrive while another one is ravaged by a pack of man-eating rabbits. Tons of replayability and enjoyment!"
76561197970806662,Recommended,294100,32231430,Posted: 6 June,all,Car_Tire,"Do you like 4x, colony sims, city builders, strategy, tactics, sandbox builders, but eventually get bored of the repetition?500 hours in and I am not bored nor getting close to being bored.  Everytime I play I learn more and then try something different, until I fail again."
,Recommended,294100,31913114,Posted: 22 May,all,Humungus,"The Vanilla is A plus content.  Then you have your Mods, OHHHH how the community has transformed this game!The Dev is of the calibur you'll find yourself comparing as the he sets the bar HIGH.P.S.Real men dont save scum ;)"
76561198084664414,Recommended,294100,35213313,Posted: 25 September,all,Luck,"Imagine if FIrefly had a baby with Firefly from an alternate reality where they finished the show and was christened by Clint Eastwood. That lovechild born of transdimmensional incest would be called Rimworld, and his godfather would be Cowboy Be-bop and his sinister uncle Stephen King. He would be magnifficent. The life of that child would be narrated by Samuel L. Jackson in character as Jules Winnfield from Pulp Fiction. Crass, chaotic, and sprinkled sporadically with staccato gunfire and bad-A quotes straight from the book of time.That child would go on to battle raiders and religious zealots and archaic arbalists with the voice of Winnfield booming overhead with righteous vindication. ""I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers."" And the great Quentin Tarantino will look upon the life of the child as he grows in stature and renown, claiming the hearts of those he slays on his path to proliferation, and he will say, ""It is good."""
,Recommended,294100,25684366,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,asspizza,"I really dont know what more I can say about RimWorld other than AMAZING.Now I do not want this to become your average review explaining how the mechanics are great and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥however, what I did think was that I would tell you a story about the game and how it came to its modern stage. RimWorld started out as a game that was literally just ""A Survival Game by the Guys That Made Prison Architect"" The Game"". I played the game in beta and absolutely loved the simplicity of it. However, I wanted more of a challenge and from the looks of it so did the rest of the beta-community. We continue to play until a week after about 20-30 posts were made about how we wanted a challenge and they said ""here, have this so more complicated stuff is added"". Just like that I knew the game was heading in the right direction and dont let my hours in Steam fool you, i easily have HUNDREDS of hours on the non-steam versions (I just dont want to lose my save haha) but I would reccomend this game to anyone that likes games ranging from RUST all the way to games such as HOI4 and CIV. It does have a learning curve for example you can get in and depending on the save you can be fine and never have to worry about  athing unitl you are ready. Or you can sleep in a cave one night and get attacked by a bunch of rabid man-eating turtles while your dog goes crazy and chews off your mother's leg, so in response you kill your dog and your mother gets angry at you because you ""killed her innocent dog"".  It is the idea that you are never safe in the RimWorld and everything that can go wrong, may end up going wrong. You need to refrigerate food, hunt, and chose how people live and how simple things such as love life in their world can impact the rest of the tribe. A perfect mixture of adventure, RPG, strategy, and casual gaming. Constant updates and an amazing modding community the game is one of the best games that I have ever played and I know that I will continue to play it in the future as I still play Prison Architect today."
,Recommended,294100,26489985,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,The Word-Mule,"A fantastic, in-depth space western game about building a colony full of misfits and morons. The level of complexity in the social relations system between colonists is great, and I'm excited to see where the developer goes with this game whose stated mission is to create interesting stories. But what really makes this a must-purchase is: the mods! Rimworld has a fantastically powerful modding API, wielded by an active and vibrant community, which makes it really worth your purchase even if it never fully realizes its potential. Unlike other games which are screwed if abandoned by their devs, there's little in Rimworld that can't be tweaked to your liking by mods if it's never added to the vanilla game. But that game receives major feature updates with every new alpha, so there's not much reason to worry about that. Buy it!"
76561198139257259,Recommended,294100,24606949,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sunflower Overlord,"- Have three characters in start, one is named Biscuit Holmes, and a dog- Biscuit Holmes has a wife but sadly she didn't travel with him in the escape pods- Dog decides to be trained by Biscuit Holmes and eventually he becomes the owner- Biscuit Holmes and the two other survivors decide to form a bond and become great friends- All is well, and to make it better: One day a new survivor joined my colony, the United Rice Fields of Africa- That one survivor was Biscuit Holmes's wife- I create a bed for them since they need their business (insert Lenny face)- Manage to fight off raids and the colony expands and grows- One day a special raid occurs, this time they used frag grandes- Me not knowing, send Biscuit Holmes and his dog to fight them off- Don't focus on the enemies and it's too late because I hear an explosion go off- Look where Biscuit Holmes is and notice that his dog has died in the explosion- Another enemy charges, Biscuit Holmes kills him- Another explosion goes off, Biscuit Holmes dies in it- Have another survivor named Echo fight off the last raider- Biscuit Holmes and his dog's body lay on the cold floor with a dead raider next to them- Mrs. Holmes doesn't realize what happens- She finds out and gets saddened and depressed- Colony has lost two important people- Next few days, Ms. Holmes gets an infection- Send her to a medical bed to be treated and hope she lives- She dies in her sleep, and is buried with her husband and his dogThis is all a true story, and this game has done so many things to me to play with my feels. I recommened this game to anyone who wants a good management game that's based on important choices and survival. I have screenshots on my profile showing their graves if those are wondering.10/10"
76561198311199396,Recommended,294100,24801457,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,GrannysPeachTea,Addicted already
76561198035564065,Recommended,294100,25426080,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MedievalHistory,"A colonist goes berserk after making a simple meal out of human flesh, we will call him ""Bob"". Bob then proceeds to punch my little Yorkies to death one after another, two sweet little Yorkies dead in the kitchen, one dead Yorkie in the hallway, several other Yorkies lying around bleeding to death all over the house, it is a massacre. My other colonist, we will call him ""Joe"", gets drafted out of deep-sleep. Joe walks into the hallway where his buddy Bob is having 'nam flashbacks, beating to death a fourth Yorkie with his bare hands, the half-asleep Joe pulls out his survival rifle upon witnessing this, and proceeds to pump his psychotic bestfriend Bob with enough bullets to incapacitate him. Then Joe drags his half-dead friend Bob across the floor to a medical bed, patches him up the best he can, and then tries to give him proper medical care; but Bob dies of his wounds (an infection). Joe, my last remaining colonist, breaks down after the death of his bestfriend, and completly loses his mind; then he dies of severe illness (the plague). 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,25290803,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NegativeX,"I rarely find a game that is a 10/10 but this game is it.One of the most robust, detailed and complex colony management games I've ever played. (never played Dwarf Fortress) You can build and design your colony a thousand different ways and still never find that 'perfect' build that can deal with everything thrown at you. I love this aspect, as it keeps me coming back for more. I often, when I'm not playing, find myself constantly thinking of new ways to tweak my colony.On top of all this, the modding community is fantastic and adds so much more to what is already there. Then tack on a fantastic development team and you easily have a 10/10 game.Worth twice the price in my book. Buy it!"
76561198021695711,Recommended,294100,24420911,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SaladBar,"Oh my god, get this thing away from me before it takes over my life..."
,Recommended,294100,25386369,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,kezza596,"A top down colony survival game in which a group of people crash land on a planet with a few supplies and you're left to get on with it.You're going to die a lot, and it's going to be frustrating and a hell of a learning curve, but it will be worth it once you finally have that 'aha' moment and realise what you've been doing wrong all this time.You can also set it up as just a sim-builder if that's more your cup of tea."
,Recommended,294100,24461415,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GlimGlam,This is byfar one of the best games on steam. This game deserves to be bought by everyone at full price and appreciated wholey as this is just a straight up masterpiece.10/10
76561198047002569,Recommended,294100,25318747,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,HRE Cyka Blyat,">Buys game>Starts a new game with the three survivors>First one named Glenn. He was our muscle, so he hauled stuff around and used a pistol>Second one is Dan. He was our sheriff and sharpshooter>Third one was named Min. She was in love with Dan and was our planter and miner.>First day they build house and beds.>Second day we find uranium.>Third day we found a crashed pod with a dying person in it named Gert.>Girt was our slave until the next day when she joined us.>All is good when potatos are harvested and everyone has a party.>We name our settlement New Moscow>Dan purposed to Min and she said yes.>Wedding hall is made in a ruined old granite house.>A wanderer joins us named Lyra. She was useless.>Foggy rain the next day>A wild animal raids us... But what?>It is a rhino!>Dan and Glenn set up defences in the sandbags only armed with a pistol and rife.>Others are hiding>The rhino charges Glenn as he fires pointlessly.>His head was torn off by the horn.>Dan retreats into house leading rhino to where the pet and the hiding people are.>Dan is bloodied while the others (Not including Lyra) Stabbed the rhino to death>Death part was not true.>Another person bloodied. This time it was Min.>Lyra was also bloodied by the tusk into the chest.>Gert quickly grabs the pistol and fires at the rhino as a last ditch attempt to live.>The rhino falls down.>She stabs it to death with a shiv.>A grave is made for Glenn while the others are in critical condition.>Dan recieved a peg leg after they realised he lost one.>Lyra expires next morning. Another hole in the ground.> Battery explodes.>Everyone tries to take out the flames>The hospitol burns down with patients inside.>Dan goes insane and runs away.>Gert dies from a raider attack soon after the fire stopped12/10 Best rhino killing, Peg leg pirate, Widow making game everThe god emperor approves this one."
76561198148270782,Recommended,294100,25216477,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,chickenthumper484,"Work hard and build myself a decent settlement.  Rescue a fleeing survivor and the raiders almost decimate my village.  Every one is injured, and rescued colonist goes crazy and starts killing everyone.  10/10"
,Recommended,294100,33166083,Posted: 2 July,all,Phantom : Ans 4N,i love it
,Recommended,294100,24366226,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[78. SID] OTL Krieg,Send my colonist to hunt Alpacas.Colonist shoots Alpaca with pistol.13 Alpacas get angry and bum rush my colonist.Colonist dies.Alpacas proceed to bum rush my three other colonists.Everyone dies.Don't hunt Alpacas 11/10
76561198064243996,Recommended,294100,25047207,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Bear Man,First and only review.  This is the best game I've played in a long time.  Worth more thn the price on it.  Would pay $100 for it.  Get it.
76561198185399371,Recommended,294100,25269217,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,hexualdeviant,"I've been playing games since the days of Pong & Space Invaders and quite honestly this is the most refreshing, interesting, intelligent, well designed and rewarding game I've played in as long as I can remember.This is an alpha release and its better and more playable than many full release high end games.Just buy the thing, seriously."
,Recommended,294100,30837825,Posted: 30 March,all,Fluffy,Don't get scared by the early Access tag. This Game is basically a complete Game and worth every penny!
76561198080123570,Recommended,294100,24664956,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,willsama974,"How could i not give this one a thumb up?Let me say that hype is not something i'm looking for. Let me give you a list of what i'm looking for:- Nice and fast interface, check.- Details and options, check.- Insane replayability, check.- Great soundtrack, check.- Broad choices, check.Survival stuff is not for me, i mostly play turn-based RPG games.And yet, i have a BLAST!Try this one out and get swallowed in ;)"
,Recommended,294100,24510229,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BoxaRocks,"I love this game so much I'm going to write my first review on it.Lag: There was no framedrops through the entire game and I played on large maps and had a 10v10 + allies&animals battle.It's like a mix of Dwarf Fortress and Towns with it's own twist. They do a really good job of achieving what you want to do, for example: you can have prioritized storages, so they will fill up one storage before the other, there is a storage for specifics so you can have stuff you want to feed animals in 1 place, and food for you people in the other. You can prioritize each individuals work from 1-4 (with empty being not worked). This allows for optimization of their skills and jobs.The most brutal and realistic part is the vitals+combat (and is my favorite). When in firefights your colonists can take cover behind trees, walls, rubble, and pretty much anything that can block a bullet. If one of your colonists get injured, most likely it can be healed, but there is the chance they lose limbs or organs from the fight (damaged beyond repair). Better medicine can lead to better healing (as well as the doctor's skill). Colonists have a large list of vital signs that need to be monitored including, but not limited to: blood filtration, blood level, consciousness, sight, hearing, moving, eating, etc. Losing organs or body parts can lower these, and getting injured and not patching up can lead your colonist to bleed to the point where they pass out and eventually die. Every organism in the game has this vital recognition, everything from a mechanoid to a squirrel.On top of all of this survial realism pazzaz, there is tons of story to be told. Like the story of the 5 townspeople plagued by the 2 months of Volcanic Winter only to be followed by 2 weeks of Toxic Fallout (probably the ash). Not only did all of the plants and animals die, but we had to eat all of the barn animals. Sadly though, while out to retrieve the barn animals, one of our people developed dementia, and two developed Carcinoma. After they were gone, starvation started to sit in again, so we prayed in the Rec room. Right as we thought it was all over the toxic fallout ended, and a trade caravan from ""Patience's Cliff"" (an outlander town) came, we bought all the food we could to last us. Animals almost immediately started flooding back into the area along with the regrowing grass. We continued farming and restocked our freezer. We recovered mostly, but the 2 people with Carcinoma still have it (one is stable, the other has recession), and the person with dementia still has it, all they do is walk around cleaning, and then forgetting what they're doing and wander around aimlessly. A good thing that came of this though, the 2 people with Carcinoma got married.The one con I have with this game so far:The world map is only useful for choosing where you want to settle. It would be really cool if you can use that Pemmican (preserved food), and go travel to other faction areas (like the ones that are near you via Comms Console), nefarious deeds, or friendly negotiation would be up to you. (But seriously I would love to raid those people that tried to sell me human leather, and released a pack of manhunting muffalo [long story])In conclusion: If you're in to rather difficult strategy survival games, this is the game for you.WARNING: If you don't like a challenge don't buy this game, it gets really boring with no events and the events are BRUTAL (mostly)"
76561198076173765,Recommended,294100,24511399,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Subs202,"One of the best games I have ever played. I have played this game for a couple years now and was very excited to see it launch on steam.  I have put hundreds of hours into the alpha versions and it has been very fun. I keep coming back to this game every few months to get my fill. RimWorld is an excellent management game that can be enjoyed for hours at a time. The gameplay is so enjoyable, I know I will keep coming back to play RimWorld for years to come."
,Recommended,294100,24612881,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Karpii,"Rim world is a game that I heard nothing but good reviews about, however the $30 price tag seemed alittle to high for the content it had. Boy was I wrong. I torreted the game after hearing about DRM free and within 1 hour I purchased on steam. This game featurers a random generated scenario in which you must try and thrive against all odds. Everytime you play its different. Only makes you wonder... whats going to happen to these people next :O *EVIL LAUGH* ""SENDS TRIBE TO MELEE JAGUARS.*"
,Recommended,294100,24545472,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,zzzGopher,"I have played tons of games, witcher, terraria, wow, battlefield, warthunder, rust, lol, dota, almost any game you can think of I have played it or at least watched gameplay of it.This is my also my first review ever. I don't think I have ever played a game this fun from the very beginning. It offers a steep learning curve and caters to beginners as well. I haven't even played normal difficulty yet still trying to find a lot of things out. The possibilities are near endless with the randomization and mods. Each play through is entirely different. Play anything besides rimworld? ( don't make me laugh ) and beta? this is the best beta I have ever seen in my life. I wouldn't know it was beta if it didn't say it! Buy this game for you, you deserve it! Especially if you've wasted money on other crappy betas. dayz z, rust, the dinosaur game? etc. 10/10"
76561198038976176,Recommended,294100,28879361,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,halcyondazed,"My top 5 list before RimWorld:1. Chrono Trigger2. The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim3. Sim City 20004. Goldeneye 645. Legend of Zelda: A Link to the PastMy top 5 after 150 hours of RimWorld:1. RimWorld2. RimWorld, oh yeah3. Oh yeah, definitely RimWorld4. Definitely RimWorld5. Definitely, definitely RimWorld"
76561197978730091,Recommended,294100,28956875,Posted: 2 January,all,GMAC,Seen a Thrumbo.Poked it.Died.Love it.
,Recommended,294100,24865850,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,el grande steve,"Here's some things you can do in RimWorld.Amputate someone's limbs and replace them with prostheticTame anything from elephants to wild boars to defend you and carry suppliesWatch your settlers interact and form relationships, maybe even have affairsTransplant organs, and harvest them from unlucky prisonersCook luxury meals from space insects and potatosFight robo-centipedesCraft anything from uranium swords to charge riflesHunt explosive ""Boomalope""Have base burnt down by said creatureCapture raiders as prisoners and persuade them to join your colonySteal from trade caravansEDIT: NEW UPDATE! The game's even better! There's a great tutorial for new players, and a drug system. Now I would recommend the game more than ever. And, 140 hours later, I'm still playing..."
76561197960855795,Recommended,294100,31508995,Posted: 2 May,all,Kane,"Guys when I was away from home with limited internet connection all I had on my lap top was one game ... this is that game that I iligaly got from a torrent site, I am ashamed but now im back in the real world i have bought the full game what a awesome game thanks for all the good memories and keeping my spirits up while away from home."
76561198007428098,Recommended,294100,26209327,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Blainebow,"Definitely a quirky little game.  The first 5 times i looked at the screenshots for this game I had a little trouble believing it could be engaging.  You read that right, 5 times, if not more, because it would continually show up on my recommendations list.  I would scrutinize the screenshots in complete disbelief.  Would these little larva like bobble things elicit the kind of excitement one feels for a game that keeps them coming back the way armor sets in WOW keep people paying a monthly fee?  Obviously i was skeptical.  As it is with many things in life the only real decision can be made once you have a little skin in the game.  So i bought it. Discounted.  I'm a sucker for pretty faces and getting' something for a little less than I could have a week ago.Because bullet points are basically the end-all be-all of human existence, here is my bulleted list of impressions of this game.NOTE: 27 hours of beer infused, ""to hell with my week end obligations"", playing at the time of this writing.- Limited tech tree, in the sense that it doesn't really go anywhere.  Escalation is not game depth.  Admittedly I've not fully dug deep into this tech tree, but you kind of intuit it after about hour 16.  Well it took me that long at least.  I'm a slow learner.  Still, there are neat little surprises that a lot of games fail to deliver.  Like a television?  It took me two weeks to carve a sculpture out of stone but i had a T.V. in a day or two.  What the F are they watching?  It could not have been good, as evidenced by the depression that set in pretty quickly for the prisoners i had been feeding the flesh of their fallen compatriots.  Ok, maybe no amount of T.V. was gonna keep morale up under those circumstances.- YOU CAN EAT PEOPLE!!!!! So cool.  And along those lines your peeps will get bummed out if there are too many corpses around.  Somehow this sweet and sour contrast is heartening, but also provides an interesting kind of challenge that i haven't seen in a measurable degree in other games i've played.  Your little dudes get wigged out but stuff that happens in the game.  ""Bob, I'm really sorry bandits killed you pet llama.  We'll make them eat their friends.  Promise.""  It definitely endears you to the game and draws you closer to the little, pistol carrying, sometimes drug and alcohol abusing, larva people you're managing.  Or not managing.  The AI let's you do more or less or less or more or a little less then a lot more. You can manage and prioritize where and what they do, much like the SIMs but you can't control how they feel about it.  The little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, regardless of what you do will sometimes just flip each other off.  BTW, bob hates ninja7.  I had nothing to do with that.  I just needed a wall built.- You can't explore other areas even though when a new game starts, a huge map is generated.  It's not clear to a new player what the relevance is of this giant game map is meant to communicate other than, ""Look.  You can go to all these cool places."" Nope.  This is, BTW the complete same level of disappointment experienced by ""No Man's Sky"" players except the reasons are completely inverted.  If you play ""No Man's Sky"" you'll know what I mean.- The great beaver attack of 2016.  ""Bob, the colony recognises your service.  You sir are a hero.  You lost your nose, and toes.  You now walk with a limp and are a bit slower on the draw then you used to be, but, we promise, when the deer run out, and the turkeys and the crops have iced over, we will eat you last.""  Yes beavers started eating all of the trees in the area.  The colony depended on the lumber from those trees.  I as the leader of the colony had to make the hard decision.  With a  heavy heart, making sure i had a recent saved game, I sent out my finest larva people, armed to the teeth, and <snuffle> ... I'm sorry, it's still very hard to talk about, we lost two.  Once engaged, their true evil was unleashed.  Belligerent, rabid, hungry for wood and human flesh.  <snuffle>, this is very difficult, neither Bob or our colony will ever be the same.In conclusion, lot's of weird stuff can go wrong in this game, and that I guess is it's big sell and real home run.  It's not an expansive game but it's deep in it's own way.  I referred to the SIMs and I think that's a really good comparison.  A little RTS on a very small scale, a little RPG and a little SIMs.  Overall for it's scope I think this is a pretty fun game.  Definitely more fun and engaging than my initial impressions of the screen shots would have led me to believe or expect.  I can only imagine this game expanding it's scope and becoming truly all encompassing.  The mechanics are solid, UI is crude but 100% what you need for this kind of management style game, and the AI nuances make it, on a small scale as engaging as a well written and heavily scripted game like Baldur's gate.  Pretty amazing for a game that relies so much on AI."
76561198006633223,Recommended,294100,32640232,Posted: 22 June,all,vonTüchel,"Great game!If you are only remotely interested in city-builders and management games, this is an absolute must-buy. And the great modding-community makes this game an even better and ever changing experience with the potential for near endless replayability..."
76561198353491046,Recommended,294100,30365916,Posted: 6 March,all,Smil3today,all i gotta say is this: Dont. Underestimate. Beavers.
76561198121914367,Recommended,294100,33073712,Posted: 1 July,all,Ghost,>>Played the game>>Got addictedsimple as that
,Recommended,294100,30416967,Posted: 9 March,all,ParkeR,"Very fun game if you are willing to have updates constantly. This game is developing which is great, but your saves will get deleted after every alpha. After a bit, use the workshop mods. Great core game and easy access to modding and to developers."
76561198114353533,Recommended,294100,24840302,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spayeti and Meatballs,"Rimworld is A cruel game about usually terrible people trying to survive on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planet where tribals and raiders can and will ruin your day. That being said. Rimworld is an Amazing game where romances kindle, struggles are had, and complete stangers become the closest friends in the hopes of carving out a life on an alien world.I've had colonies fail due to my ineptitude, collapse into cycles of dazed wandering and psychotic rages, or get curbstomped into the dirt by a rampaging elephant. I wouldn't have it any other way.10/10 would watch everyone due to mad elephant."
,Recommended,294100,32388331,Posted: 13 June,all,Acrux,"I didn't think I would like Rimworld. Don't ask. I have been cured.If you like playing god, get this gameIf you like letting random stuff happen while idling in a stream, get this game.If you want to become a possessed sith warlord with leauges of bodies laying at your feet, get this game.This game to me is a must in anyones libraryph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn"
76561198081224114,Recommended,294100,24456414,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,alemismun,"This game is hard, but why?Is it dificult enemyes? NO!Is it low resources? NO!Then what is it? You must mantain your colony, physically and mentally, and that is a challenge!"
76561198019227338,Recommended,294100,35226639,Posted: 26 September,all,Alice Dippleblack,RimWorld is one of those unique games that you can spend hours in and not even realize it. Fantastic amount of depth for a game with such simple graphics.
,Recommended,294100,26514851,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ΓΣD,Great game just about to buy on my account! Played it for 30+ hours pirated (Dont hate me im about to buy it)
76561198275185210,Recommended,294100,33306701,Posted: 6 July,all,mac.ramone,Made a tribe of cannibals who one by one died off and ate eachother. 10/10
,Recommended,294100,25219689,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"If you loved Prison Architect, if you loved Dwarf Fortress get this game. I can't express in this review why this game is a 100% and value at full price. The developer put their heart and soul into this thing. AAA developers keep failing because they forget what people want.  A solid game with few bugs and great replay value. Get this game. Your wallet will thank you for it."
76561198023467697,Recommended,294100,29429853,Posted: 22 January,all,Nightmyre,"HIGHLY recommended. This game is absolutely amazing, and it's still early-access! I can't wait to see what the final product is like.Every part of the game feels perfectly polished. There's huge amounts of data going into every action, but it's all visible to you if you want to understand why your doctor just accidentally removed your patient's brain while installing a peg-leg.You'll keep coming back to this one, and playing for hours and hours. I've had several nights where I've looked up at the clock and realised it was 6AM already. Can't say I've had that experience with any other game in a long time."
,Recommended,294100,31382996,Posted: 26 April,all,Shojun94,"Rimwordaka GoddbyeSocialLifeAs I'm sure you all know, buying an early access game is always a risk: all gamers have had investments ruined by eitherabandonware,terrible releasesor unaccomplished promises. When you look at a game like Rimworld and it's relatively steep price (aprox. $30/€28) you can't hope but ponder if you're not walking into another devtrap.I bought this game for a relatively low price compared to this in a sale and decided to take my chances and thus I started a gamer's romance that lasts until today.You will get your money's worth!Gameplay conceptLink: gameplay videoThe game consists of asandbox survival, colony management game with light roleplay elements. You're tasked with assuring the survival of a number of random colonists/refugees while optionally attempting to escape the planet. It is highly mod-friendly and throws you into an inhabited alien world with all kinds of earthly and otherworldy creatures, plant life, friendly and vicious humans.Your gameplay difficulty will be affected by the climate of the area you choose to settle in, the storyteller (difficulty meter) and starting conditions.Research will allow access to higher tiers of technology with more powerful weapons, farming methods, power generators, etc..Each colonist and even animal is subject to complex psychological processes like personality traits and mood swings, medical conditions, needs and relationships. Think of it as a kick♥♥♥♥♥TheSims in an alien world.ModdingThe game supports steam workshop!!There are mods ranging from additional content like automated and hand operated turrets to carpets, medical technology and additional prosthesis, creatures and cults fromH. P. Lovecraft, high-end technology, additional tribe/medieval life technology... guys, there are loads of mods, ok? After a couple of replays you can change the game into something completely different.CommunityYou can find streams on Twitch and Steam with players from all over the world. For some reason, making nudist colonies (safe for work) is becoming highly popular...Other aspectsThe sound isawesome. Great music, great atmosphere.The graphics areawesome. Simple but awesome, somewhat similar to Prison Architect.Everything isawesome!So...Feel free to comment or message me for questions! I regularly stream on Twitch with tutorial gameplays, feel free to message me and I'll come online and help you out!A special note of thanks to the developers for this great game, the community for the mods and streams and my GF for not remembering my face when I go on a Rimworld binge."
,Recommended,294100,25843569,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Threnody,.
,Recommended,294100,24338674,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Doom,Very good game!
76561198124671745,Recommended,294100,33668717,Posted: 20 July,all,Awoo The Owl,"Ah yes Rimworld. The game where you can take one of your own Colonist prisioner, and then systematicly take He/She's Organs out till she dies and sell them to strangers. Think this game is about survival on a distant Rimworld? Bloody hell its not (I mean for the first 50 hours, Because you're going to get ♥♥♥♥ing addicted). Its about what kind of ♥♥♥♥ing mockery you can come up with next. Cruel punishments for raiders. Death pits for raiders. Firing ranges raiders have to walk into. Backstabbing the friendly trade caravan capturing them all, And cutting their legs off. All big jokes and memes aside, Rimworld is a great game alongside with its Pro's and Con'sPro's-I can Harvest Organs-I can make Peg-Leg'ed Pirates-Traveling to Pirate Outpost's and Wasting your one Doomsday Rocket for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.-I can make raiders run a bloody marathon, Using sandbags are Hurdles or chunks of stone... And then publicly execute them-The List goes on and onCon's-In vanilla. The ♥♥♥♥ING LIGHTSTAND TAKES SO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING POWER... 3 Lights can take around the same about of power as the High Tech Research Table, Litteraly my eyes were opened once I found the Lightbulb Mod. That Crisp Summer Morn' Seeing that bloody mod. Gave joy and warmth to my heart and I started to worship the god himself who created it.-The ridiculousness of the RNG of shooting at point blank. I mean I understand Maybe a person with 0 skill to not hit over 5 or so tiles, But when the ♥♥♥♥er is close enough to Melee without moving and you can't hit. Wait a minute, Maybe all the Pawns in this game just have a terrible case of the shakes constantly.-Well♥♥♥♥♥♥I got nothing elseIn the long run if you want to have a fun time go ahead and get this game, So much replay-ablility. One game I can be a.. Ugh... Normie and try to survive on the surface. Or I can be a ♥♥♥♥ing Dwarf from the LOTR. Or most intrestingly immediately abondon my coloney, soon leaving. Raiding the nearby tribal village and take their town as my own. Saves the hastle right?Anywho I'm starting to drone on and on. If you have the money and don't feel like being in the COD WWII Hype train or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... Waste your 30 Bucks on this because most likely. Its gonna have more gameplay than that."
,Recommended,294100,28574930,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,John (Wigster600),"I bought it to see how good it was by playing to maximum of the obligitory 2 hour limit of refund time.I completely forgot I was just testing it, i've somehow racked up 10 hours, i've only run the exe once.Help me.Long story short, it's great fun and incredibly addictive."
76561198012860142,Recommended,294100,24633232,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Eyeball Frog,"Crash land on an alien planet.You will definately go nuts and murder all of your friends.Dont feel bad.Dust yourself off, wipe up the blood, and get on with things.This is a gem of a game if you dont mind very simple graphics and you enjoy managing a colony, building a base, and surviving all manner of catastrophes. You can tame an army of bears and use them to mutilate your enemies. Or you can turn yourself into a pacifist cyborg with a singular aim for scientific advancement.Great mods! Great accessability. Good tutorial (for an indie game). The challenges come from the gameplay itself, rather than trying to figure out all the obscure nuts and bolts of game mechanics. The pacing of events is good and highly customisable, along with the difficulty."
76561198000402623,Recommended,294100,33120693,Posted: 2 July,all,Zombiecat,"My first playthrough:Started with 1 male colonist, 2 female colonists. Guy hooked up with one of the ladies and became a couple. Everyone is happy. Then guy tried to hit on the other lady and got rejected. All three got into a bad mood. Then the first lady suffered a mental breakdown. She set fire to the colony, burning down hours of my work. Guy perished in the fire. Starving, the 2 ladies cannibalized the guy. Everyone ended up miserable(or dead).My second playthrough:Started with 3 male colonists this time round. Peace and success so far!"
,Recommended,294100,30430650,Posted: 10 March,all,MrVakmix,"I played a lot on a pirated version.. I have decided to support the developers, so I have purchased the game! I definetly recommend the game! It is awesome!"
76561198094390346,Recommended,294100,30448330,Posted: 11 March,all,DarkSword,"This is my first ever review on steam. I think that RimWorld is one of the best games I have ever played. Whenever I create a new colony I think of it as a story, and sometimes those stories become insanely wierd. It's an extremely enjoyable game as the user can play in any way they like. Also, there is a huge modding communty."
,Recommended,294100,25454693,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Milde,Great game. The only thing that pisses me off is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat. Otherwise it's a great game.
,Recommended,294100,30502895,Posted: 13 March,all,Mr Cathead,ok the first thing you do is youplay the tutorial then fail lifethen you watch vids and reserchfail morefinaly you hack the game and ragequit lifethen you come back and diside to get gud8/8 wud ragequit life again
,Recommended,294100,30539186,Posted: 16 March,all,Evanlet,Makes me happier than a rimjob
76561198002163907,Recommended,294100,30542691,Posted: 16 March,all,❃ЕЩЕ ЖИВ БЛИН™ ∑,NEED MORE GAMES LIKE THIS
76561198048187306,Recommended,294100,30537140,Posted: 15 March,all,Genderless Neko,"Imagine every realistic possible thing you could do IRL if you had a colony out on the middle of no where.This is this game.SlaveryOrgan harvestingTravelling to other settlementsDiseasesEverything that could and would happen in real life can happen in this game, and more."
76561198250573562,Recommended,294100,30515788,Posted: 14 March,all,Jayvees678,Rimworld filled with stories and calamities in particular.
,Recommended,294100,30514369,Posted: 14 March,all,maldex,I totally love this game. I even called in sick 3 days last week so I could play :) The only thing that I hate is friendly fire.
76561198021864165,Recommended,294100,29895307,Posted: 13 February,all,Falsepeng,I've learned two things:1. Dont trust your animals around alcohol.2. Selling Cocaine is a lucrative business.
,Recommended,294100,30464304,Posted: 11 March,all,LordWeegeeIII,"Good game, Expensive DLC"
76561198207937269,Recommended,294100,30494979,Posted: 13 March,all,RJ49,"Rimworld has currently replaced Prison Architect and FTL as my go-to harcore survival/magament game.The game is one of the most detailed and in-depth that I've ever seen and the emphasis on storytelling really seals the deal for me. Mod support is making sure this game well go one for years and years.The gameplay is slow and I only reccomend it if you're like me and play your Civilization games on EPIC timescales and love month-long save games building up.Only major issue is that due to the Alpha nature, regular releases (with tons of new features, some of the latest ones have been transofmrative to how the game functions) mods are often broken, but it is Alpha.A definite buy, don't bother waiting for a full release, it's amazing as is."
76561198087006743,Recommended,294100,30493010,Posted: 13 March,all,Sophikachu,"This game is fun, intuitive and smart. It follows some basic, simple rules and concepts that allow for near-infinite variation in scenarios and let you fight your own way, coming up with innovative solutions for different issues. This means you can play the game in a myriad of different ways, keeping it interesting and fresh. Tired of fighting waves of attackers? Try the sea ice challenge and survive on your guts alone (and probably those of the enemies who unwittingly attacked you in -150C temperature). Want to just create a miniature empire that is exquisitely ordered and tweaked to perfection? Play in base builder mode and go for it. Want to see what it would be like if everything were just coming at you all the time? Randy Random is your guy. The updates are promising; but the game as is is already quite satisfying, and when you get bored of it there's always the (thousands of??) mods out there that offer improvements to various facets of the game. The game is obviously not perfect (there are some annoying tricks that will take you ages to figure out; you don't feel much of a connection to your little survivor buddies; some things such as the animals have to be tweaked to make a bit more sense to invest in) but I would absolutely recommend it."
76561198013132245,Recommended,294100,30332820,Posted: 5 March,all,huminado,"Yes buy it.It still has very minor issues in the day to day gameplay.  It has a good balance between planning and execution, with random events taking place provided by which storyteller you choose.  I.e. the storyteller (apparently) provides the non-deterministic events in the world, which can range from pirate raids or lunar eclipses to the wildlife going crazy.It seems to play like a D20 game.The Good:- Characters have to sleep each day - which usually means hitting fast forward.  This provides a casual feeling to the game - the game is not rushed.- It might even be the most casual ""chill"" game I can remember.  You can pause the clock at any moment or revert to an old save.  So even when things are getting heavy you can think through what needs to happen.- The game setting is living in the wild and pulling together a survival plan in the midst of the storyteller generating random events.  It's very easy-going this way -- not like Prison Architect which was too heavy and dark for me.- Grizzly bears seem to just eat berries.  Now you know storyteller will make them go crazy at any moment - so try to figure out a way to deal with them.The Bad:- The price feels high before you buy it.  So it might take longer before many people try this game.- The game could provide more pointers.  ""Just look it up on the Wiki.""  I suppose if you're hardcore you will want to figure everything out - but this is the blurry line between gameplay-based enjoyment and arbitrary recipe search-space Easter Egg hunting.- There's no demo.  You can watch youtube videos all day - you'll think this is a Dwarf fortress thing like I did, but it's not, and all the videos don't do the game justice.  A demo would have helped me get over the price hump.As it is this game is easily worth the asking price.  Listen - you have 2 hours to figure it out - if you still want a refund, you'll know after first hour."
76561198084743295,Recommended,294100,30382481,Posted: 7 March,all,Bird,This is lit
76561198153483885,Recommended,294100,30413043,Posted: 9 March,all,Odikpah,LOVE the game! plz update it so i can play MORE!!! (Worth every penny i spent)
76561198026337703,Recommended,294100,30413589,Posted: 9 March,all,Apathey,fantastic game!
76561198347740718,Recommended,294100,30396802,Posted: 8 March,all,SmaxxHoff,Excellent game and excellent replay value!
76561197967244904,Recommended,294100,24986525,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,breakpoint,"This game is absolutely ridiculous and ridiculously hard.  I love it.The commands are largely simple, but the interactions and complexity are huge-- reminiscent of NetHack, Dwarf Fortress, or the like, but much more approachable.  The game is HARD.  Progress is hugely satisfying, but defeat is frequent (and often hilarious).I recommend getting the ""Prepare Carefully"" mod, and that's it.  Even WITH ""Prepare Carefully"", the game is really hard, but it's a thoroughly enjoyable challenge.The ""Narrator AI"" gimmick is a neat approach, and it works really well.  It's most fun to use the slacky relaxed settings until you have a big♥♥♥♥♥colony, then switch it over to something harder.  Oh, the chaos and mayhem.The backstory engine is surprising, too!  Your colonists will surprise you, and will actually be interesting.  Well, except for the graphics, but you get used to that pretty quick.Great work, guys!  Keep bolting on!PS:  Oh, yes-- if you ever feel your colony has become invincible:1. Buy 250 fertilized chicken eggs.2. Wait.3. Laugh at little chicks everywhere.4. Several minutes of business as usual.5. Starve.6. Realize that chickens need to eat-- and they did."
76561197995802291,Recommended,294100,24399261,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,azaydius,Prison Architect graphics and control scheme + Dwarf Fortress like procerdural generation = FUN!
,Recommended,294100,24974552,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,sG | Revöker [L2],Pros--great level of control and stragey.-great hardcore options (permadeath)Cons--Map seems to be finite-not as much content as there could be
,Recommended,294100,30712022,Posted: 24 March,all,Tacitus Nex,"First, my circuits shorted and blew up half my house and my batteries. While I was putting that fire out, a raging manhunter animal came into my territory looking to tear up some colonist p***y, so I hid my colonists in the house (since animals can't open doors). THEN, COINCIDENTALLY, a lightning storm comes in and burns down my crops, burns down the rest of my house and materials, and leaves my colonists to die...Murphy's Law. 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,30715342,Posted: 24 March,all,Teh.Lycan,"Absolutely amazing and complex game. Really tests your application of knowledge, your ability to learn from your mistakes, and your creativity. Frustrating as hell at times but nothings better than wreaking havoc on some raiders with boomrats!"
,Recommended,294100,30698202,Posted: 23 March,all,Opcode_,Depressing as♥♥♥♥♥♥ You will lose everything for no reason whatsoever.10/10
,Recommended,294100,25547004,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lametta,Even though in Early Access this game is already worth its money. There are no bugs i ve encountered yet. Features and items get added still. I had lots of funwith it 30 hours + counting  the offline hours aswell finisihing the main goal of the game. I will wait for the full version and prolly at least put  the same amount of hours iin it. Can't wait to see how the final version will be.This game still finds ways to surprise me. Definately a recommendation. Buy it!!
76561197972057061,Recommended,294100,25598930,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,gredgeory,"RimWorld is simple in concept (survive and build your colony), but in its execution it's unfathomably deep, to the point where it's actually imtimidating when you start a colony for the first time. Once you ease into it though, you'll be hooked. The fact that its early access is only a good thing in this case, because it means more free content will be added to a game that already feels entirely finished and polished. Unless you hate 2-D games or the survival genre, play this. 10/10."
76561198030859523,Recommended,294100,25350840,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,unclenick18,"My first group of colonists starved to death.  I hadn't counted on a crop blight...every season...right as my crops were ready to harvest...My second group were too busy harvesting the crops a little bit early to research air conditioning before a heat wave struck.  The dogs managed to drag them all back to their beds, where they died.My third group decided to try and hunt the valuable thrumbos for their horns, not realizing that the thrumbos could kill them all in one hit.But my fourth group, my fourth group got lucky with lots of wanderers and raiders willing to join the colony.  I begged, bartered, and stole for enough materials, and after 4 years was able to launch and escape.I now have a deep empathy for the dictators of the world, whose peasant followers couldn't be content with the plenty of food, heat, and shelter.  ""Loyal"" followers who insisted on ever nicer clothing and luxuries, and when they get everything they want they still get in fights and smash the arms off of the only doctor I have.  Who bond with animals they lack the skill to handle, and then go on murderous rampages when I won't ""give"" them the animal.There isn't a single colonist I wouldn't intentionally strand out in the cold as a sacrafice to the bears and the wolves.Is the colony in desperate need of that food hauled 4 feet into the freezer?  Sure, go for a walk or stare at the clouds instead!  That'd be great!This game is amazing.  I would like some three dimensionality, even two story living quarters would be helpful.  Or at least a guard tower so I can ""man the walls.""I'd also like to be able to turn off certain elements.  I find the constant onslaught of rabid animals to be an unwelcome distraction."
76561198124338451,Recommended,294100,25608129,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Caroann,Super. Fun. Very. Addicting.
76561198043155513,Recommended,294100,25503269,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Endo_Roboto,"RimWorld is like Steam Early Access: a black hole from which nothing escapes. This game is an absolute diamond that wasn't on my radar at all, but has fully enthralled me for way longer than it should have. RimWorld is all about managing a colony of people whom you will get to know and love or hate.Before you begin a game, RimWorld presents you with a randomized selection of colonists. Each of these folks has a varying skill proficiency list which includes basic skills like Cleaning, Hauling, and Harvesting or more advanced skills like Medicine, Crafting, and Warden (Sheriff). Along with a skillset, your colonists may also have other traits such as Pyromania, Drug Addictions, and even old injuries. Just as you would assume traits can have quite an effect on your colonist, sometimes for better and yet other times for worse.There are several biomes in which you can land in (or migrate to if starting as Tribals) and colonize all of which have positives and negatives. Are you in a boreal forest location? Winter will come eventually and your people need warm clothes and warm rooms if they are to survive without complaint. Did you pick a desert? Most of the year you'll have to combat high temperatures and a lack of some materials that would be plentiful elsewhere.When you decide your initial band of survivors and colony location, you'll be dropped into the game proper. Immediately your group is in dire straits: you need shelter and food. Luckily RimWorld is populated with many different types of materials with which to build and much in the way of things to eat.Besides constructing actual buildings for your pawns to live in there are also different crafting stations that allow the creation of various items like weapons and armor to clothes and drugs. If you are feeling a little country, you can try your hand at farming crops and tending animals. Electricity is another option and there are several ways to generate it as well as several ways to expend it including colored lights and television.After you get your colony up and running, your chosen A.I. will start throwing you curve-balls depending on your difficulty choices. Random events will occur and they can range from a raid by Pirates who definitely want that booty to wandering packs of animals that will join you or attempt to eat you.RimWorld is incredibly fun when things are going as you plan. However the game really shines when it is able to exploit a flaw in your colony setup. When you first lose a colonist, it is a painful experience. The next hundred lives lost don't go by any easier. Many may be tempted to simply start a new colony or reload a save game, but these losses are where the player learns how to deal with and react to each situation. Without the possibility of loss, the game would have little substance. That being said, there is a generous amount of frustration here for those unwilling or unable to let go of their village people and animals. Luckily we can construct tombs with which to honor their sacrifice.I was not an early backer for RimWorld. I learned of it's existence shortly after it arrived on Steam. Kotaku had a RimWorld article about some guy's crazy naked doctor that ate people and I knew I needed this, damn whatever flaws it would have being Alpha. This is the most complete game in Early Access that I have ever played. It is more complete than many AAA games that we pay twice the price for. However this is something that people need to understand: there are features still being added. When a major patch is put out, your progress up to that point is made invalid without some workaround. While that does suck, a major patch usually means a new feature or two so it is a bittersweet thing at worst."
76561197997930598,Recommended,294100,24990343,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SneakyFox,"Review written whilst game was in Early Access.Features are subject to change, and it's always possible that this review will become out of date with future updates.Don't be put off by the visual similarities to Prison Architect (something which gave me pause before picking up the game).  Whilst a similar (or indeed almost identical) visual style has been used there are enough differences in the gameplay to set this apart.RimWorld has an interesting core concept to it that will likely appeal to a number of different people.  The default scenario starts with a small group of people marooned on a frontier world and having to survive in this hostile (and semi-alien) environment.Before delving in a little further to the details, if you're going to pick this up in Early Access I would strongly recommend that you make sure you're happy with the idea of relying on the wiki and forums for information about the game.  The in-game hints and tutorials are currently rather sparse and lacking in this respect.  Hopefully, this is something that's improved over time (although with Early Access there are, of course, no guarantees).SummaryA solid game for an in-development project, but which has a steep initial learning curve and few tutorial or hints in the game.  Check out online tutorials and the Wiki to get the most from the game.  If you can live with that, then this game might be something for you to at least investigate further.GameplayAfter selecting your colonists (at least in the default scenario) you'll be dropped in to the first planet.You plan out your settlement, set where you would like your colonist/survivors to dig or build, what to hunt, and leave them to get on with it.It sounds simple as a first step, however, with the default scenario only giving you three to start with (each with their own sets of skills) it quickly becomes a delicate balancing act between creating the rooms for your characters to live in, the tools and equipment that they'll need to survive, and the food that they need to live.  It's very easy to get this wrong and find that whilst you have created ample room for them to sleep that you've neglected to gather and cook enough meat to feed your characters so they're now starving and eyeing up your precious dog Scruffy.However, this does create a slight problem for the game.  It's most difficult when you're starting out, but becomes easier later on as you gain more colonists and already have some of the buildings constructed.  To start with there's a desperate scramble to get a kitchen and sleeping quarters set up whilst trying to hunt for food, but later on when your freezer is stocked and you've got enough rooms to house an army of prospective settlers it actually starts to become significantly easier.  The difficulty curve is (almost) reversed which gives new players to the game a rocky introduction to their first planet.  (I really cannot over-state enough that reading the Wiki or watching some online tutorials is almost a must at this point; hopefully a lot of this information will be incorporated in to the game later in development).Research, leading to new buildings and items, provides a progression as your settlement increases in size and we can only hope that as the game continues in early access there will be more content added to this (not that the existing content is lacking; but it could easily be expanded as well).Later on in the game raids by other settlements, natural disasters, and more do provide some challenge for players who have gotten past that initial bump in the road.  If you find yourself becoming stuck in the early stages of founding you colony, check out the wiki until a good tutorial/introduction is in place.However, one of the few bug-bears that I have with the game is that you can only randomly generate colonists for the default scenario, each with strengths and weaknesses (or all-rounders).  Unfortunately, there are certain skills which are almost required to start a colony (such as someone with the ability to haul raw resources around) so you will find yourself randomly generating until you have most of the key skills covered.  Please, please, let me have random as an option for when I want that ""hardcore"" approach, but also let me just customise the skills and select attributes on a points based system!  I'll get the same result by randomly generating them, but it just takes longer.UI/User InterfaceThis is something that I feel lets the rest of the game down massively.  It's something to perhaps expect from an Early Access game.  The layout and design of all of the buttons that you're going to need to use feels un-intuitive and the hover-tips aren't always all that useful.  It's an area where you really need to start to rely more on the Wiki and the forums to help understand how you get to the menu you need to (for example, to change which of your colonists will do which jobs).Graphics/VisualsIf you've played Prison Architect and were happy with the visual style used there, then you're going to be at home in RimWorld.The visuals used to represent the world, the characters and animals in it, and the elements of buildings are clear and distinct enough for you to tell at a glance what is going on.  However, there is perhaps some work to be done on the icons used for certain buttons in the game to make them a little more intuitive (this is hopefully an element of polish that will be added).However, it is worth noting that if photo-realistic graphics are what you're looking for then this probably isn't the game for you.  The screenshots available of the game are broadly representative of what you can expect from the game.PerformanceI've had no issues in running the game.  However, I am running with a PC setup that includes an i7, 16GB of RAM, and a GTX 980 Ti.  I can't speak for how well the game holds up on lower specification systems.BugsI've encountered a few here and there.  However, there haven't been any that have stuck in my mind as being particularly game-breaking or obnoxious.  Again, with development in progress some bugs are to be expected."
,Recommended,294100,25339130,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,(PEW)HeatBlade,"Like a Less featured , Easier, Better Grapihc, simpler, no Z level, Dwarf Fortress Gameenjoy it but if you want to do science and have more !FUN! play dwarf fortress its free and much harder :P"
76561198151905598,Recommended,294100,25558029,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Jesse,"This game is, hmm how do i put it, AMAZING! Its fun on its own and allows me to build crazy structures and defend my home. it also offers a decent challenge even on the lower difficulty settings (for me at least). Having to juggle you people with food, mood, and a few bad guys every now and again, this game is just fantastic!"
76561198222709824,Recommended,294100,25484266,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Billbob62,"RimWorld is a game. It is a good game. It has some problems like the UI being clunky and complicated, but when you get pass that its a fun game. Thats why you should get it."
76561198084289169,Recommended,294100,25526419,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,smithpaudric,"I have just logged over 50 hours and I am still addicted. I have even called in sick to work just because i am now caught in an alternate reality and dont want to wake up :)This game is like the sims had a child with a cross between a prison architect and an RPG game.I would give it 8 out of 10 because its fun, serious, exciting and replayability. 2 marks off because there is a few things that have to be added to it as it is still unfinished.GREAT GAME FOR THE PRICE!!!"
,Recommended,294100,25339093,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ukulele Man,This is a damn good game.
,Recommended,294100,24339811,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,✪Lustrous狼,"Played since Alpha 1, finally came out on steam, still the best game ever."
76561198046200237,Recommended,294100,25455272,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Steenhole,"I give this game an A-.  It is entertaining and one of the few must buys for simulation and rts fans.Strengths:1-It is easy to get to know and care for your digital folk--and to hate them.2-The tactics are surprisingly rich.  I was suprised that by the variables that are considered, and that the AI doesn't just straight out cheat.3-The game is beautifully complex.4-The developer adds material to the game regularly.Weaknesses:1-The research system is basically a placeholder designed to introduce the delay of tech into the system.2-While pathfinding isn't bugged, it is cumbersome.  The mods seems to correct alot of that.3-The Late Game is weak.  I find that the end game, where you blast of planet, when you regularly ship stuff back and forth with spacefaring traders, to be foolish.  You could leave with those traders or book fare at any time.  Considering that the game is story driven, it is enough to pull you out of the story.Wishlist--The ability to trade tech, and research rare tech trees would be useful.  Artifact tech would also give this part of the system a boost.  Adding risk to the tech process (e.g. insanity, drawing corp strikes, mood mods) would spice it up too.The limit on area definitions needs to be raised dramatically.  Pathing can be compensated for with more areas, but the 5 for animals is far too low.More endings."
,Recommended,294100,29407347,Posted: 21 January,all,Secular Haze,hands down the best game i've ever played.i can't stop playing it.
76561198031350323,Recommended,294100,25454446,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,General Bacardi,"Pretty Good, pretty pretty pretty pretty good!  The game plays itself...everything you need to know is in the simple 5 min tutorial.  After that, just 4x click on the time and let the game play itself...i was able to not care at all.  I am playing right now...just had something happen.  Pretty good"
,Recommended,294100,25481993,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Deostr #Hankey,So good. So very good. So terribly good. I had to uninstall it because I need my life.
,Recommended,294100,25478075,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mansheep™,"I have been playing this game for a good number of hours and I must say, every minute has been a blast. Constantly waiting for that one event that will turn your well oiled machine to chaos. To give you an example I'll tell a little story about one of my latest endavours on one of these unforgiving Rimworlds.Quellin was a happy place, tucked away in a little alcove with a plenty of food, clothing and weaponry. Most of the colonists were as happy as they'd ever be. Fred and Marcia were enjoying the company of their Yorkshire terriers and their collegues all had their duties in and around the little settlement.One day, Fred went out hunting and had set his eyes on the white-wooled Muffalo, as he'd seen a large herd the day before, at least eleven of them, not too far to the south. He set out with his trusty greatbow and managed to get a hit in but then disaster struck, the Muffalos turned on him and before he even managed to turn around he was getting swarmed by five of them while the rest was making their way north, towards the settlement. Most of the people there were still unsuspecting of any danger and even though a few archers had been set out as sentries, the town was soon overrun. Fred's body was nothing more than a meaty pulp and along the way Martin, who had a bad back, was overrun by the wooly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, knocking him out cold and leaving him to die as the set out for more violence. Bashing down the front door of my main recreational space and catching yet another colonist off-guard. The two Terriers weren't afraid of these brutes and they charged in, biting at the bovine's ankles but apart from spilling a few drops of blood it was to no avail, both of them became scraps on the muffalo's hooves long before the first one fell to a well placed arrow by an enraged Marcia, losing her husband was the first blow and the loss of her favorite furry friend pushed her over the edge. She charged out and managed to take down one of the invaders but soon joined her husband in the afterlife.The remaining inhabitants were hiding in the cooler, plenty of food and double doors would keep them happy for a while, at least, if the bloodthirsty herbivores would ever leave. I let time run by for a few days but the beasts were unforgiving and were dead-set on wiping out the hunters, in retribution to the death of their kin I suppose.How gruesome all of this may seem, I enjoyed every second of it and reminded me that this game is relentless.I love it."
76561198169294699,Recommended,294100,25452512,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,gloriousAFK,Yes. Just yes. Buy now. This is perfect. Yes. Buy now. Don't think just buy. I would pay $50 for this game.
76561197999571966,Recommended,294100,25055707,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"This game is what you get when you keep wishing for a space settler game with brutal difficulty. From the moment your settlers get suited up and ready to start building, the world around them essentially punches them in the stomach and steals their lunch money.The game has a fairly advanced damage/health system, it has a large number of options for difficulty settings, has full mod support with a legion of fans developing mods, and plasma rifles.Thats right.Plasma rifles.Get this game if you like your strategy games to have spent far too much time playing dark souls and have decided 'man I want that level of difficulty.'"
76561198021224433,Recommended,294100,26759542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,reborn,"I started this game and before I knew it 10 hours had passed.  My first play through was a disaster, but it was a disaster that was so engrossing that I couldn't look away.  TL:DR Buy the game.To me the whole story was about Mary or ""Mars"" as everyone called her. She was stranded on this planet with her son and a rough looking miner who had an eye for her. They sat up a colony by the side of a lake until a soldier named Jack radioed for help. The colonists of Laketown rescued him and patched his wounds. Mars and Jack fell in love almost instantly. Jack was the backbone of the colony and made sure everything ran smoothly, Mars was proud to love a man like that. One bright day, Jack stumbled into some ruins filled with mechanized warriors. They were hostile and chased him back to the colony. One by one the colonists fell, until only Mars and a girl named AJ were left. They were able to finish off the robots and to try to treat the wounds of the other colonists. It was pointless though, all the medicine was gone and there were no traders in the area. The first cassuality was her son, he got an infection in his leg, then Jack, her beloved Jack, then the rough space miner had to be euthanized because of a shattered spine, AJ did that, she never liked him and got a little pleasure out of it, Mars thought she was sick. That was the breaking point for Mars, she snapped and killed all of the other colonist, suffering mortal wounds as she did. Mars died alone in her bed, insane with grief. They say when you visit the lake on a quite night, you can hear Mars, her son and Jack all laughing and playing horse shoes, united together again."
76561197988261189,Recommended,294100,27284264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Git Right Stik,This game sucked away 150 hours of my life in one month alone. Then I got mods and did it again for another 150 hours.  Fun to play. Even better if you have friends to share your day by day fun with.  You should play this game while talking to friends.
,Recommended,294100,29046724,Posted: 5 January,all,White Zero,"This game is astonishing. The stories that are created as you struggle to survive everything the game throws at you will stay in your head for a while, from great triumphs to the (more likely) bitter defeats. There's something morbidly satisfying of watching you colony burn to the ground, swarming with raiders, as your colonists bleed out alone on the floor.  Developer is hugely active in both development and community; both through their own website and on reddit's /r/rimworld. Mods are constantly being developed that change the dynamic of your play-style.First game to make me actively weigh the pros and cons of cannibalism. You can harvest human skin and turn it into leather for cowboy hats. Favorite crafter has asthma? Take a prisoner and harvest their lungs. Sure, the prisoner will die, but your crafter can breathe easily again! Or build towards an entirely bionic colony and travel the globe murdering everything in your way. You can just capture them all and sell them into slavery instead, which is a great way to make bank. Although drug production is a rather lucrative option as well, if you're willing to deal with the occasional addicted dog that got into your cocaine stash.You can see average hours of other reviewers, and you can see the fascinating stories.The price does appear a bit steep as you're browsing around the Steam Store, but I, personally, have found it to be worth every penny. That steep price actually led me to download the free* version to make sure I wasn't being swindled by EA promises (oh StarForge, how you've betrayed me). Three hours in, I deleted it and happily bought the official version. Now I'm actually debating on picking up another copy or two to gift to Steam friends, to both further support the developer, and spread the gift of catastrophe.Get it now.*Yeah, there isn't a free version, but I think we all got that."
,Recommended,294100,24987025,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Speshal Edd,"So I create my first world and I start naming the characters my friends names and my name also.  I tried to match the traits closest to my friends and we got pretty good results.  But that's not what I am going to talk about.  So one of my colonists was a really good shooter and they had a trait that made then a super good shot but take extra time.  I didn't think much, but what I noticed is that they were really inaccurate.  I was so confused about this because a lot of the shots he took weren't even hard shots. K, enough of that back to the story.One day my character, Adam, became unstable because of the heat and I have been rejected so many times and I lose it.  I start attacking a rat and some of the other colonists.  Matt comes to the rescue and lands 2 really hard consecutive shots.  I was complaining because I don't know why he couldn't do that before with a darn beaver.Matt then rescues me and puts me in a medical bed where I then learn that his shots blew off both of my legs!  So I had no legs and that put my character in an uncomfortable situation.  Since Matt was also our best doctor I told him to do an operation to put 2 peg legs on me.  He puts the first peg leg on with ease but the second one was a whole different situation.  While putting in the left peg leg he somehow managed to take out my lung and failed the operation.  I just lost it at this point because I was so confused how you took out a lung instead of put a peg leg on!  Those are 2 totally different parts of the body.  I ignored it.Fast forward time to like a season later.  Some cobras attacked us and Matt came out to save us.  I was melee attacking the cobras while Matt was sniping them from far away.  Matt missed one of his shots and it hit me.  It hit my torso and caused me to pass out.I quit that world and started another one.  We got to have Matt and Adam on the roster again for this world.  So Matt became emotionally unstable early on in this world, so I shot him.  I guess my character wants revenge on this world.This game is great though.  For an Early Access Game this is like one of the best you can get.  I definately recommend it!"
76561197970290413,Recommended,294100,25494339,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Vladamier,"At first I was a little put off since this looked liked some sort of over glorified mod for Prison Architect. Then I played.... and then I was sucked into this wonderful game where I actually paid attention to my individual colonists. I knew that of my three starting colonists I had one that was basically an idiot but who would do any grunt work I needed. His sister was the complete opposite in that she could shoot and was a decent medic... however she was also was a priss and wouldn't do manual labor. She did however have a pet siberian husky which was neat. Then I had an old timer who just happened to be in the same escape pod. He was frail, had a bad back,  and was asthmatic, but he  could research and cook like no tomorrow. I learned how to make them do what needed to be done, and gave a damn what happened to them.They were getting along just fine, had the necessities met and even a little excess to trade with. Then a bear tore the hunter/medic's arm off and ate her siberian husky.... her idiot brother brought her back for treatment but alas she was the only medic in camp. Even though her brother and the old guy managed to stop the bleeding, the infection proved too much and they buried her next to a few raiders out back. With the medic now gone, the asthmatic died due to lack of treatment shortly thereafter. My useful idiot sank into a deep depression with the loss of first his sister, and then the old timer. He eventually just began wandering in a daze for most of his waking hours and neglecting what work he did know how to do.... he died alone on this alien planet of starvation, but I'd like to think it was more of a broken heart.Seriously... that was how my first game went. Every game since then has been another story like this... usually ending in some sad depressing outcome rivaling old yellow. But it sucks you in like that. As much as it may look like Prison Architect, this is something completely different and wonderful. Just go buy it!"
,Recommended,294100,27204053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bᵒᵇᵇᵞ,cons-RNG (All about random number generator)....pros-Great mod community.-Great dev....
76561197970739839,Recommended,294100,24380338,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Famine,"very fun, although a bit difficult to learn with the wiki being offline right now.2D, one level, build limits and resource limits.... and occasional raids by guys with gernades, rocket launchers and moltovs, lighting causing fires, bears and wolves and cougars eating your herd animals, disease (food poisoning, flu, malaria), bionics and organ harvesting.the research tree feels a bit small, and its easy to lose resouces building the wrong things in the wrong places. resources to build generators to power the new cool thing you just built is an important step. and the bad guys can litterally rain from the sky via drop-pod, so walls are not enough by themselves."
76561197998260175,Recommended,294100,24368110,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lab,"Most of my complaints are not about the game itself, but some of the misleading reviews. They're quick to compare RimWorld to Dwarf Fortress, but it honestly seems like most of them have just heard of it in passing and don't want to be teased for not knowing what a dwarven atom smasher is. RimWorld is somewhere between Prison Architect and Dwarf Fortress in complexity, and would best be explained as diet, caffeine-free, dolphin-safe Dwarf Fortress in a nice-looking can just as willing to run your colony into the ground with misfortune you can't help but laugh at.The tutorials aren't the best, but if you're relying on those to teach you how to play, you're going to have a bad time. Take some time to explore the menus available to you and the map around you. There are no Z-levels, so you're stuck playing on and gathering resources from only one plane. Steel is not produced as an alloy, but gathered from salvage and compacted steel, the latter of which is dug out from any terrain you might happen to have on the surface.And the game really doesn't need multiplayer, not that there is any at the time of this review. Honestly, that's just a recipe for disaster in a colony management game like this. If you want multiplayer, roll the same seed as your friend and pick the same starting zone, then compare how you both do.So I guess I recommend it if you really like colony management games, because this one is already more finished than most of the ones on Steam. Not entirely certain about dropping 30$ on it, but I figured I've been spoiled by enough sales that I don't mind playing full price to give a game like this a go."
76561197999250020,Recommended,294100,24928437,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Palec,"Combination of Dwarf Fortress and Prison Architect, it cannot be any better. Good mod support"
76561198118178340,Recommended,294100,28265037,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,RadE,"Very good game, I've spent days on end playing this game, theres so many different things that could happen its just unpredictable. Highly recomend it, I really wish more people would discover this game because it really deserves more attention for what it is."
,Recommended,294100,28318971,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Drogus►,"I sat there at the foot of my friends bed as he was awaiting operation to put an eyepatch over his left eye. He would always say how it would hurt because it was exposed, but this was the day, this was the day that his eye was covered with a leather eyepatch. I felt bad because since it was the first eyepatch I had ever made, it was safe to assume that no one knew how to slide it on to his head. Anyways, I sat there as steve comes in with the eye patch and some herbal medicine. I asked Steve ""Is the medicine really necessary? You onl..."" and that's where he cut me off with the words that will haunt me till this day, ""Trust me, I'm a doctor."" He gets out his dice and rolls a one. He then proceeds to stab my friend Dan in the stomach with a surgical knife and punctures his kidney then proceeds to massacre then he apparently stabs himself in some way. My friend is dead and the doctor's wounds are infected because we don't have anymore medicine.10/10 would recommend.But in all honesty the game is a super fun time killer that has constant replay value especially the workshop mods. Definitely one of my favorite games. Just keep an eye out for Steve. That son of a ♥♥♥♥♥.R.I.P Dan Dec 7, 2016 - Dec 11, 2016"
76561197995622020,Recommended,294100,28755429,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KafE,"One of the best purchases in a long time. Lots of fun, replayability thanks to huge number of combinations of storyteller+biomes, ""5 more minutes"" addictive, if you are a roleplayer then even more replyability thanks to combining also possible scenarios and starting colonists to create endless stories.With alpha 16 the addition of caravans, world exploration and multiple colonies it provides even more colony management depth and fun.Play on permadeath. It is as fun to fail as not to.It lacks and endgame purpose but mind that this is an early alpha access game so it can be expected that content will be addedd to address that. Even with this lacking point, this game as of Alpha 16 is a content full as some AAA titles on release.Go buy it now and help this developer finish this masterpiece."
76561197970942284,Recommended,294100,24338439,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Raptor Six Actual,"I have countless hours in the pre steam Alpha, this game is an absolute joy! I look forward to where this game heads to in the future!"
,Recommended,294100,24417305,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Raikeru,"I HIGHLY recommend you play on permadeath, as it will make the stories all the more meaningful when every action matters and can't just be rewinded or a previous save loaded.To summarize what it is like playing:Game deals you a handful of cards.""What the hell? These cards are♥♥♥♥♥♥ they literally hate each other and one of them can't even lift anything.""The game stares you dead in the eyes, and says ""Deal with it.""And so you do, you overcome challenges and face problems that if given the choice you never would have ended up in the first place having known the game systems and how it works.In a non-permadeath video game, when I miss-click and accidentally have my doctor amputate the wrong arm on someone, I would reload the save. Here I don't have the option, I instead get to experience the story of what happens when things go wrong, and get to feel the joy of having won despite mistakes or suffer the real crushing feeling of failure when every action matters and there is no rewind. It's a classic sense of 'you made this bed, now you have to sleep in it.'.Mind you sometimes the game deals you great cards, and when it does, it feels EVEN better because that hand could have been bad, but it wasn't, and every hand counts."
,Recommended,294100,28839232,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saucy Wiggles,"Like Dwarf Fortress, but with a GUI. A lot easier and simpler as well."
,Recommended,294100,28261470,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,§ CrayCray,"This game is amazing. It has great technical depth and hours of replayablity. For a simple looking game, its incredible how attached you get to your colonists and feel sad when you lose one of them. This is one of the gems on steam that need to be on your library."
,Recommended,294100,24791542,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Phat Phat Palamino,Bloody love this game and can't get enough of it! If you enjoyed prison architect you'll love this! In the same kind of style but obviously gameplay differs. Really cool how customisable you can make your starting conditions and is actually a challenge even on the easiest difficulty. I love how you are free to do what you like and if you don't want to finish the game you can technically just keep playing! I'd say this is well worth the money and as a game that is still in development I can't quite believe it. As you can tell I love this game and if your sane you will too!
,Recommended,294100,28263922,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,xNECROx,"Quite possibly the most addicting game I've played in 2014-2016 that was a singleplayer experience. I actually had to UNINSTALL it due to the unrelenting addiction this game caused..especially on ""IRON MAN"" mode combined with mods that extend the game beyond comprehension.The best part is the way the ""end"" sneaks up in Iron man mode. A pyromaniac member lit our food stock on fire in the freezer-I lose a few more to the intense heat...then an attack comes and all that's left is a few pacifists(GOD I HATE THE NON-VIOLENT MEMBERS...) That's 20+hours into a Colony that was running smoothly..But that's what the game is all about."
,Recommended,294100,30512713,Posted: 14 March,all,HopelessDecoy,"This review might not be very professional but honestly if your into managment builders this is one of the best. There have been a few days when I have been free to play and I have played 10+ hours straight, I didn't eat those few separate days and didn't even realize it! With the amazing mods available the gameplay is even deeper and more rewarding! The only con is the game does have horrid memory issues depending on your system after 8-12 in game years performance lags and it is very noticable. However alpha 17 is supposed to adress this! If you have the money this is totally worth every penny as an amazing game!!!"
,Recommended,294100,30252821,Posted: 28 February,all,Calcifer,"Fun little gem of a colony simulation game. This is sort of like prison architect but with a whole, whole, whole, lot more features. You can lose track of time trying to get your colony up and running while battling off pirate raiders and trying to sustain your crops before the long winter sets in."
,Recommended,294100,29439925,Posted: 23 January,all,PR3DATORY,"Am really enjoying this Game & seeing the progress being made is exciting for its Future. The AI is getting better each update.PRO: Artstyle [Much like Prison Architect] , City Building is good. Very Fun,CON: Still needs tweaking, with Drones & personality, is sometimes difficult to make your people happyWould Really Recommend to Gamers.   8/10"
76561197998109091,Recommended,294100,28502013,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HaXor,"This game got me excited about Early Access games again.... well to be honest Prison Architect did, but these guys borrow code from PA. so i suppose it still counts.can't wait to follow this gem and see how it turns out. - so far its pretty great."
,Recommended,294100,28317993,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,niCe,Fun enough for me to think about dropping 400 dollops onto for that one piece pack
76561198061813956,Recommended,294100,30348312,Posted: 5 March,all,Heart Master <3,"Incredible, Gave me many hours of enjoyment and many hours of entertainment and anger.This game is extremely unforgiving when it comes to making mistakes, you have little room for mistakes. Due to the fact that the disater system is random, it could seem like you never get a break in between each problem, or too far apart. So it makes you prepare ahead for anything. There are a few crashes here and there, but the game is easy to load up again so it is not a big deal.You get very attached to your colonists, so when one of them may die, it kind of breaks your heart.Anyway, I ended up beating the game and shipping my colonists off to find a glitterworld planet or even onto another planet to start all over again. So now I am sad that they are all gone and wont be playing for a little while :("
,Recommended,294100,30621114,Posted: 19 March,all,The White Wizard,"This review is based on just a a few hours in the game.Here's my story...There was a couple and a friend. They lived happily in Rimworld. We carved into the mountain for our home and set up a kitchen and farms in preparation for the Winter. A few days later we were joined by Sval, a doctor. I was enthralled by this but he had dementia and enjoyed wondering off.Later on we were attacked by pirates, the wife was injured which cause the friend to panic who then attacked the cat. Both started to do fine until the friend died. Spencer then arrived at the colony who was chased by pirates, she was great until we kept getting attacked by the same pirates which led to her and the husband bleeding out.Prior to this Mikey had joined the colony who was also fleeing from pirates. We survived but the wife was stressed and starting walking in the wilderness. Whilst this happened a thunderstorm set alight my homestead. Mikey was too injured from escaping but still attempted to extinguish the fires but was set on fire and died.The wife then returned home to find no food and, electrics fried and Mikey dead. But she's a strong woman and will regrow the colony."
,Recommended,294100,30629248,Posted: 19 March,all,Darth Marccus,20/10This game is incredible!! Is the mother of all sim games that I have been looking for years... it has everything! from psycology to cleaning the place to random events in your base... Really worth every penny even when not in sale!!!Is that great that I am trying to move into my own virtual colony now.. I am calling the gas company right now...
76561198038566865,Recommended,294100,30377182,Posted: 7 March,all,angel49percent,"Don't Starve meets The Sims,"
76561198004930490,Recommended,294100,24621331,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Nexrema,This game is awesome. Currently in alpha but feels like the final release. Can't wait to see what will be added as there is already great depth and storytelling. Best early access game I've ever played.Well done.
76561198172232795,Recommended,294100,24378318,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nym,"I'll keep this short and sweet. I've had this game for a couple of years now and still enjoy it often. It can feel overwhelming at first but once you get it, it's simple."
,Recommended,294100,24369640,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fun,Colony died because of mental breaking 10/10 game
76561198040337661,Recommended,294100,24380563,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Redd,"Bought the game last night, already have 9 hours played.10/10 would skip a nights sleep again!"
76561198098105804,Recommended,294100,24397721,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,yugo slavanov,"I bought this game two or three days ago and I am absolutely hooked. Dwarf fortress in space with prison architect graphics? Yes please. It may be like that, but it honestly feels like something completely different. You'll be proud of your settlement, and then you run out of medicine. Your crops get burnt down. Something small causes a catastrophe, but I don't mind because that means I get to play the game more to get back to where I was. I absolutely love this game and would reccomend it in a heartbeat."
76561197993885430,Recommended,294100,24430817,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,eldiabs,"Definitely a game of stories. It is what makes this game so amazing. Here is my favorite so far.Ricky and Anna were 2 of 3 crash survivors. Anna was a medic, and Ricky could build practically anything. Together they built a life on Rimworld, and made the most of a bad situation. They found solace in each other after many hardships, and eventually they moved in and spent a couple of seasons bunked up. Things were looking up. Progress on their community was moving at an incredible speed with Ricky's engineering background. Anna kept everyone happy and healthy through the random raids.But new settlers arrived, and everything changed. One was a slimmer fellow by the name of Alpha (fitting). Anna took a liking to Alpha, but Ricky had no idea. He was in love with Anna and asked her to marry him. She turned him down, and shortly after, Ricky found out she was cheating on him with Alpha. This broke Ricky's heart. He built his own home, and watched as Anna and Alpha moved in together. This ate at him. Each day his mood became darker and darker until eventually he could take it no more. He caught Anna alone outside of the perimeter and attacked her with a knife, cut her right ear off, and stabbed her numerous times. She fell to the ground bleeding profusely. One of the guards showed up and subdued Ricky, locking him up with other prisoners. Alpha, with a bit of medical background, was able to save Anna, and nurse her back to health. He also helped Ricky recover...a mistake that would almost destroy the community.Even after healing up, Ricky had become highly unstable. Nothing could sate his rage. The community needed him for his building skills, but every time he seemed to improve, madness would overcome him, and he would have to be subdued by a guard or warden before he could do more harm.The community made a mistake keeping Ricky and the other prisoners in wooden rooms. Trying to earn their trust, perhaps welcoming them into the colony one day. Ricky took advantage of this. He, with two other prisoners, staged a prison break. While the other two prisoners went to dig their way out of a back room, Ricky began rampaging through the colony. He was finally shot and killed by a guard with a shotgun. Ricky had gone too far.The other two prisoners managed to escape, never to be seen again. Thankfully Anna had recovered by the time of the prison break, and with Alpha's help, they nursed the injured community members back to health. They all visit his grave from time to time and give what thanks they can to this troubled man who almost single handedly built their community, and almost tore it apart.A season later and Anna and Alpha are getting married come summer. After surviving a toxic fallout winter, and other hardships, apparently they grew closer together. Anna also just passed her 54 birthday, and as a gift, the gods gave her Carcinoma."
76561198201778653,Recommended,294100,24433502,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sopirlea,"Avoid what is strong, attack what is weak! ( and capture them and treat their infections until they join you)I've been playing this game for such a long time. It's great to  see it on steam. It's one of the best games ever.I like the new scenarios and I love the new tweaks to the animal system/crops but honestly this was awesome since alpha 13. I can't possibly imagine what's in store for more updates and mods.Btw, you MUST get the hospitality mod that let's you receive guests from other tribes/towns so you can raise your relationship and pick some of the guests to remain in your colony."
,Recommended,294100,24349849,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,BrainCR4MP,"This review is for those who think is alpha worth it? Is the price right? Is game playable?This is propably the best game i have played this year. consept is brilliant. Something i always wanted from a game. Littlebit of everything. And oh loord how it is deep in gameplay. Every colony is different. Every character (pawn) is different. You get deep stories from game mechanics that randomize most things and that is rare thing in gamingworld.First time you play, don't read guides. just play. Learn. It gets dramatic. Try to survive. Trade, fight pirates, make awesome base, tame rare animals, have pets, aaaand the list goes on and on.Game is very playable at this state, and i don't get feeling that its missing something. It's solid build.Worth your penny? well ive been playing it now nonstop for days. And i promise, you will too.EDIT: ive played earlier builds, hence low hours.Stories:- My colony doctor got his leg blown off. Other pawns tries to keep him fed and safe with bad doctoring skills. Choices had to be made. He is not contributing to colony anymore. what to do? Lays in bed for months. Desperatly tried to find trader that sells prostetic leg to us. did'nt find one. Some butchering took place.-Main hero, ex military, alcoholic. No social skills, does'nt mind blood and is damn good fighter. Wounds all over his body. Has constant pains. Always in bad mood. Some colonists start fighting each other and in chainreaction people get bit berzerk. Main man Mr. Darkwood slaugthers them all in kitchen area. After that sits down and start eating lunch like a BAWS he is.-Main research dude Mr.reid is old with mad research skills, is hard working. Also have frekking dementia!! Constantly forget who he is and gets mental state. Always wandering around the map just staring stuff XD"
,Recommended,294100,24434697,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ReaperCrew,"Started in the Stone Age.Had a good colony goingFat chick wandered into colonyAccepted her with open armsFat chick went beserk from hungerFat chick killed everyone elseRAGE QUIT10/10 Must buy, very eerily similar to real life."
76561197971386454,Recommended,294100,24733478,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Jip,"Considering this is an Alpha, it's one of the most polished games I've played in ages. Bought it last week after watching DasTactic and quill18 post some LPs, and decided I had to have me some of it !Less than 2 weeks later, and 51 hours in to the game and I'm having a blast. To get the most of it you have to let the story of your colony unfold, no matter what disasters befall it, or that you bring upon yourself. I still can't believe this is still only an alpha."
76561198035946249,Recommended,294100,24719199,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Gun Noob,"Most addictive game I've ever played. I played 47.7 hours in the past 3 daysThe gameplay is just brutal for new players (I played Classic Rough Permadeath), started off quite good, got a researcher to research everything I need to get things going.Built tons of friendly fire sentry guns and mortars to protect myself, at this point I think hmm maybe it's enough, the crops are doing pretty good (not really I didn't use hydroponic and I only got a big♥♥♥♥♥farming area and ahuuuuuugewall around my base (so they need to go through my sentries).3 Colonists got sleeping sickness followed by 5 malaria and 5 more people getin sleeping sickness, got raided multiple times and destroyed all of my sentries.Now they're still in bed and trying everything to make mycolony great again10/10 would build hydroponic basins next timeUpdate:It's all good now, everything is better developed after entire day of effortPS: Don't name those character as yourself, your best friend, your girl/boy friend, you will get depressed when they die after the marriage during a seige.Upupdate:I just digged into bunch of mechs and loads of ancient cryosleep pods :) Time to test my defences and call in some backup with all the good will"
76561198048348277,Recommended,294100,24723286,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ving.Diesel,"This is one of those games where hours pass and it feels as if only you'd been on the computer for a couple of minutes, definitely worth the purchase"
76561198030374060,Recommended,294100,24744593,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nukealope,"Stop what you're doing and throw your money at this game.  Literally, the best thing I've played in years.  If you're into open world, colony building, management, soap operas, jealous murderous rages, Aliens 2 recreations....  no, wait, I digress.  Seriously, just throw your money and quit reading.  Joss Whedon couldn't have created a better game."
,Recommended,294100,24536170,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bobisz,"I have a hideous but brilliant scientist girl named PEARL in my first ever colony.Everyone insults her all the time as they cannot stand to look at her.Of course this continuously blow up in fistfights, resulting in her ending up in the medbay every now and then.I'm just sitting there waiting when it will end up in one of them killing the other in these brawls10/10 would watch a whole colony hating and beating up an ugly scientist girl again."
,Recommended,294100,24592165,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,HolyMoses,"I am not normally a huge fan of crafting games even thhough I try - but this game is awesome.You have no direct control of your colonists, it is pretty difficult and quite a bit to figure out but in no way too much like some crafting games. THe recipes etc are straight-forward and the building of things is logical.Played 5 hours in one go as of writing this - wife was shouting at me to come to bed, totally addicted - cannot recommend enough."
76561198049840096,Recommended,294100,24602410,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sage,It's good.
76561197993204725,Recommended,294100,24376905,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Diggnas,"Amazing game. 10/10Shame it was released same year as Factorio, both of these deserves a game of the year award."
76561198044324415,Recommended,294100,24655892,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SpaceCorgi,"It's so unbelievably fun, buy it!"
76561197980833368,Recommended,294100,24528319,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Discopirate,Incredibly addictive and huge replayability. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,294100,25613587,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,shellgames,Amazing.Addicting.Yes.
,Recommended,294100,25625551,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Auruko,"I have always loved base building and strategy games.  While acting as the all-seeing overlord I would come up with elaborate story arcs, develop relationships and connections where there were none.  I imagined individual events were part of a larger story, even if those events didn't have any lasting repercussions.  I would mold my decisions and playing style on those previous events, even if my pawns didn't remember.Rimworld has taken those acts that I loved (even before I realized what I loved about them) and turned them up to 11.  By taking those random events and giving them real world weight and consequences Rimworld develops storytelling in games to a level that I didn't even think was possible.  Yes, there are carefully crafted stories in games that are doled out in controlled segments, delivering a nice, neat package from beginning to end.  Rimworld is anything but neat.  You will be constantly blindsided, forced to overcome insurmountable odds as the world stacks its forces against you and your little colony.  As you try to cut out your place in the world and simply survive you will fight maneating animals (be they turtles or bears), raider attacks, heat waves, famine, fires, love and heartbreak, new colonists, death within your ranks, and scores of other events that never unfold the same way twice.  All of this layered over the individual interactions between each of the colonists and their traits, quirks, shortcomings, and triumphs.  By creating a giant sandbox over a spiderweb of interactions Tynan has given us the greatest story generator I have come across to date.  And it all comes across as genuine, since you aren't suspending disbelief in a storytelling style that maybe doesn't completely agree with you for whatever reason.  You are simply given the events, make your decisions, and live with how the world and your colonists have reacted.Yes the systems can be complex, the interactions obtuse, and you will feel like things are spiraling out of control (they probably are) but as you learn the game's mechanics and how to cope with each obstacle, you make it farther through each playthrough, the stories get deeper, your losses hurt you more and your triumphs have even more value.  And just when you think everything is lost, you reduce your scope, dig in, and move the story forward with what you have.I can't recommend this game enough.  If you have the patience to learn the systems, accept the hardships you are handed, and make the best with what you have, you will be rewarded with some of the most memorable moments in gaming that you have had in years.  A+"
,Recommended,294100,25101024,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,40.,"Hello fellow Steamers!Rimworld is this awesome game where you land on a alien planet and can pick any spot on the planet to land @ the start of a new game. You then are getting resources and running into new foes and friends. Sometimes even your friends turn out to be your foe! Beware! Sometimes you fall in love and get married and have kids. Sometimes you get a new turkey friend and then hook it up with another turkey and they make lots of turkeys. Mmmmmm Turkey sandwhiches for days!!! Muhahah. Ohhhh noo Bettsie became crippled and I'm getting sick of feeding her in bed. Awww I'll euthanize her!!! That was easy, now im living the dream and found a new woman who is hotter =)The random things that happen with the AI will leave you haunted, laughing or just down right wtf just happen moments. I can't recommend this game enough. It is Video game Crack! You don't want to stop playing. Awwwwwwwwwwww !!! Awwwwwww!!!! This game is the best! It reminds me of Prison architech the most. Buy it and enjoy!"
,Recommended,294100,24608208,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Squackle,1. spawned in2. built store room3. got raided4. died5. restart6. spawned in7. built house and defenses8. got raided9. rebuilt10. mined a base out of a mountain11. setup prisoner and medical areas12. got raided13. died14. rage15. rage16. rageOverall gr8 game You should really buy it
76561198018681345,Recommended,294100,24665075,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Abominable,~40hrs in at the time of this review and I have yet to run out of entertaining ways to fail.  Highly recommended for fans of the genre.
76561198017205280,Recommended,294100,24495291,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,thisname,Keep your peeps calm happy warm and fed. OR THEY WILL KILL EVERTHING!!!
76561198042472949,Recommended,294100,25662252,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sleek,Es muy muy bueno. Colonist got addicted to cocaine and stabbed everyone when supplies ran out. Perfect 5/7
76561198135654992,Recommended,294100,24607253,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[uDi] Kim Jung Cool,">be me>successful colony manager named Jesus with large organ harvesting prison>be owl>lowly prison guard engaged to one of the prisoners, onionbeb.jpg>beb.jpg gets butchered>owl loses his♥♥♥♥♥♥ literally going on a beserk rage killing anything he can see>continues to rampage abit until other colonists arrest him>owl is now a organ prisoner>soon to join his onionbeb.jpg in freezer11/10 would unite true love again"
,Recommended,294100,24517590,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Pixie Perfect,13 hours in and I can already tell I'll be putting at least 500 hours into this game.
,Recommended,294100,25603761,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Horcrux,Permadeath mode made me feel emotions.
76561198023924589,Recommended,294100,25605790,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kono Dio da!,This game would have been perfect if it had a Z-axis.But since it doesn't it only gets a 9/10 when it comes to its genre. This game would surpass Dwarf Fortress with a Z-axis.And that's proof that god doesn't exist. Because a benevolent god would poof the code required for the axis into existence. Checkmate theists.
76561198030186025,Recommended,294100,25601928,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Cats,"Raider shot the hump off my camel, so i captured him, amputated both his legs, harvested one of his kidneys and sent him home.10/10"
,Recommended,294100,24688401,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sodders,"""Chaz has died from Hypothermia""-30 seconds later-""Li wants to throw a party!""10/10"
,Recommended,294100,24643219,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jedi,"The learning curve is crazy in this game, but after three or four failed Colonies, you will understand why it is a 'colon'y.Let me tell you about this last colony..It was three females.Everything was going fantastic! We were in a perfect location, so if any raids happened, our turrets would gun them down. Even the lone crazy turtle, didn't last long.Everyone had their part and we even saved a 4th female. She became our researcher! We had amazing amounts of medicine, food and 3 out of the 4 ladies could doctor if needed.How ever... all this changed when I put in a stove. Good lord. You would think I started WW3. Fights started on who was cooking and who was doing what.And sadly, this Utopia ended in a great ball of fire. Literally. A fire started on the stove and everyone, including our trusty bull named ""Gordo"" burned to death.10/10Would build a mecca for women again... but will leave the stove out until I replace all the wood for stone."
76561198077833622,Recommended,294100,24648647,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,schrodana,"Startet a new Game with a Tribe consisting of 5 People and 3 Dogs. At first everything was okay they huntet and gathered, produced food and constructed houses. Some got attacked here and there but nothing really crazy. After some time Raiders attacked killing nearly 2 of my Men. We captured him and tried to convince him to joins us. He tried to escape and we killed and ate him. More Raiders came more got eaten. My People became crazy. One after another lost his Mind, the Dogs too. One Guy slaughtered his own Dog and ate him. Than he got shot by 1 Women of my Tribe who got crazy. We killed her and one Guy ate her. At last there was only 1 Men and a Dog left. The attacked another and lied blooding on the Grood.This Game is amazing."
76561198089510392,Recommended,294100,24397549,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dayman,"This game could've been launched without the Early Access tag. Rimworld is stable, got tons of content, and you can play it for ages without getting bored. It's like Mr. Dwarf Fortress had a baby with Ms. Good Interface, and sprinkled in some Way-Easier-Learning-Curve breastmilk.While not as deep as Dwarf Fortress (huehue Z-layer jokes), it's so much easier to pick up and play - and Rimworld is still delightfully complex.Go build your base, get molested by robot aliens, die from malaria, and watch your beautifully disfigured family of people grow!(Sidenote: I've been playing Rimworld since Alpha 9 and it just keeps getting better)"
,Recommended,294100,25002661,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dbwhippl,"Amazing game, regular updates.  It's kept my interest for a few hours at least :P"
,Recommended,294100,24912411,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TerrenceJesus08,"It was a nice summer day in New Toledo, the 6 colonists were going about there business, when 2 robots appeared and moved in on the colony. All 6 colonists rose up to try to stop the robots, but alas, it was worthless. Our gunpowder weapons were ancient compared to the charge beams of the robots. One robot posted up outside the colony, taking potshots at the automated turret. The other moved in. Gerald was first. He was shot in the chest then ripped apart by the robots. Wolf and Feeb were then torn apart and collapsed. Luckly, Henry managed to rescue both coloists and carried them to saftey. Both robots were now looting the village, destroying anything that they could. Sam and Henry, the 2 remaiming healthy colonists, then decided to go out and try to take down one of the robots. The battle lasted around a minute, but both Sam and Henry were downed, knocked out by the robot. New Toledo was on the brink of destruction, when Wolf, who was downed earlier in the fight, managed to heal enough to walk. He jumped up and began to limp out of the hospital. Wolf knew that the only way the colony could be saved is if he could reach the coms console in the middle of the colony and call for help. He dodged the robots as he slowly limped to the console. Wolf made it, and called on a friendly colony to send military assistance. He thought the coast was clear, but as he left the console room, he was shot in the head and decapitated by the charge beam of the robots. The friendly faction arrived, but was ambushed by the robots. 2 of their 5 soldiers were killed. During this, Feeb healed enough to be able to walk. She had to reach Henry and Sam to save their life. She stumbled out of her bed, and limped outside. Half way to Henry and Sam she collapsed from blood loss and heat stroke. The friendlies would take down both robots, but it was too late. Feeb died of heat stroke first, with Henry bleeding out shortly after. Sam was the last colonist of New Toledo, and managed to stay alive though the night. He died the next morning. New Toledo was no more20/10 Would get emotionally invested in video game charectors again"
76561198111035050,Recommended,294100,24584218,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sorok3eco,"-had a small colony with 4 people-in a raid one of my colonists got hijacket by an enemy clan-withstood another raid-in the next raid my sniper is unable to hit♥♥♥♥♥♥for some reason and gets hijacketmeanwhile another one of my 2 remaining colonists gets her leg shot of and she is unable to move-gets message of a refugee of enemy clan and accept to help her-cant defeat enemys fast enough and the new member and my actual healthy colonist gets hijacket too-my last colonist lays in bet unable to move-some raiders come and destroy my house and stuff, but like send by god a group of travelers kills the raiders-they dont them to be interested in my starving colonist either and go away- after 4 dayd without food my last colonist finally dies in her bed...Yes this game wants to ♥♥♥♥ your feelings really well"
76561198169932833,Recommended,294100,24599310,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Brute80,my doctor didnt treat my colonist in timehe got infectionhe got dazedhad to be stabbed 38 times in the torsofinally brought downhe didnt look like he was gonna make itwe tried to amputate his legdoctor failedtook out his spine instead10/10 would remove spine again
,Recommended,294100,28564900,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,APeeCoveredPoo,"What I like about this game: Going from rags to riches, watching your small settlement turn into a thriving colony as relationships are formed and more land is claimed to your mighty empire!What I don't like about this game: Watching your mighty empire turn to dust because a rabid pack of boomrats throws themselves at your colonists as they scramble for their lives to fight fires and explosions, one colonist hauling passed out members out of burning buildings and everything you just spent your day working on vanishes before your eyes...On second thought, even losing is pretty sweet. 10/10 Stop reading start playing."
76561198095017362,Recommended,294100,24382480,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,craig,i love the game i bought 2 copes one before it was on steam and one on steam i gave one to my frend it is the best game iv played in a long time
76561198004665953,Recommended,294100,28398333,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bonesbro,Super addictive.  Great mod support.  You can play it in really laid-back style too if you don't want the super disaster world that most other people are raving about.
76561198140257724,Recommended,294100,24867747,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mimer,"While the game is addictive and complex enough to intrigue you to the research tab, the real enjoyment is the scenario editor and mod community. You can really, really, make your own story. Want to be crashlanded in the desert with 5 pyromaniacs? Go for it. Or a wandering tribe of mutes? Or disable firearms for your single psycopathic loner? Make everyone start with the plague (that'd probably be a short game though)?The game sets you in command of a small colony. You decide general things and what the colonists are allowed to work with, the details can be micromanaged but generally solve themselves. While you learn the basics of the game, the colonists will work, get hurt, go on a berzerk rampage because they are wearing old clothes and run around naked in the snowstorm because their cat died. That will, in my experience, not go away.Difficulty is also customizable but just surviving without wading through old vomits (colonists hate to eat rotten carcasses but will if they don't find any other food) can be tricky enough at times."
76561198144055187,Recommended,294100,26745317,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Doggy Dog,"Time killer just like Civilization series.In most situations, those stupid characters drive me crazy before they go insane.I think i am totally wasted in this game, but i just dont want to stop."
,Recommended,294100,24398193,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,☆☆☆Trump 2020☆☆☆,"Bought it because I saw somewhere that the goal wasnt to win, but to create an awesome story. I really dont think there is a better way to put it so I will just tell the story of my first attempt...>never played this game seems cool>spawn in forest, usually the easiest place in games>have a guy that wont fight fires, someone who can farm, and someone that is good at shooting>makes sexy little longhouse to sleep in>day passes and I make more stuff>gardener complains about sleeping in room with other people>make him a little shack away from the rest of the colony>next day raiders come and kill shooter guy then down my gardner>kill the raiders>firefighter is giving medical care to gardner>goes berserk>shoots gardner in head than runs into forest and gets killed by bearThis game is great and I cant wait to make more memeorable moments"
76561198242977236,Recommended,294100,28966885,Posted: 2 January,all,LiamNeesonz,"I don't normally write reviews, but here is one of my stories that just happened:Andrea started this colony on her own with her dog, Mandy. Over time,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lidia, Calvin, Othello, and Ian join the crew. Now♥♥♥♥♥♥was there from day 3. I tried to get them to hook up, but then Lidia came crashing out of the sky (literally) and won over♥♥♥♥♥♥ That was fine. Now let's talk about Calvin. Calvin was this big guy that joined the colony sometime after Lidia and♥♥♥♥♥♥started sleeping together. Calvin had a thing for Lidia. Lidia didn't care. Andrea, however, was that friend next door/co-worker type; You saw them all the time and talked, but you didn't see them as anything more. Some time went on and Ian joined the group. Ian was Andrea's long lost brother and no one liked him (including me, but that's beside the point).One day Ian goes out hunting and pulls a Robert Baratheon (mauled by a boar). Ian dies and Andrea is devastated. Calvin and Andrea start to talk a bit more here and there. Next thing I know, they are lovers. Before bed on their first night, they vist the grave of Ian. They go to bed and wake up as usual. That's when it happened.Two raiders appear.Now Lidia and♥♥♥♥♥♥don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥(incapable of violence bull♥♥♥♥♥♥. Othello, Calvin, and Andrea run out and take these thugs down. Calvin is attacking one raider while Othello is taken out by the other and being carried away. Andrea runs to save Othello because Calvin is a big guy and is holding his own. Andrea takes out the raider, but it's too late for Othello. She runs back to Calvin to find the raider has killed him. She beats the holy hell out of that raider and heads to the hospital nearly dead herself. While this is all happening, our only prisoner has gone berserk and breaks out of prison. The prisoner attacks Andrea's dog, Mandy, and beats her to death.Andrea sleeps in the hospital for a whole day and wakes up on the brink of a meltdown.♥♥♥♥♥♥and Lidia try to help with the healing and cleaning, but Andrea winds up wandering off into the forest because of all the grief. I wanted to follow right along side her.Moral of this story: do not become attached. I was warned and learned the hard way.This game is amazing. Buy it already. I read many of these reviews for the stories and was so glad when I finally created some of my own. I can't wait to see what else they do with this game.5/7"
76561198026912876,Recommended,294100,24380787,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ripfin,so far the best colony sim i have played.
76561198154858504,Recommended,294100,25027333,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,alto2ndchair,"Now THIS is a management simulation game!!! Much like how M&B Warband is the definiton of RPG, this is as good as a management game can get. Lots of RNG to make every play through vastly different yet still balenced (if balanced is doing well for 6 hours only to be brutally raided 3 times within 2 days and lose everyone).This game is PUNISHINGLY difficult but its still a fun experience. Perfect soundtrack, appropriate yet unoriginal graphics (prison architect), balanced RNG, and customization beyond imagining.Get This♥♥♥♥♥♥man! 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,25093776,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,dunbal,"This is a drama generator disguised as a game. You could just go through the motions and play this challenging survival game. Or you could take a few moments to actually read about the characters you are playing with and watch the story unfold.In one game, an overweight male cook crash lands on a RimWorld with two naked female sex slaves. The women are constantly frustrated at their lack of clothes. Mr. Cook is constantly hitting on the girls and trying to get lucky, and is constantly rejected. The girls who have the necessary survival skills between them (except cooking) ignore the cook's advances. The cook eventually goes insane and runs around in a crazy stupor until he eventually starves to death. The girls who cannot cook eventually get depressed over having to eat the corpses of animals they hunted raw and end up fighting. The one with medical skills is knocked out. The survivor has no medical or hunting skills. They both starve to death...In another game a family consisting of a daughter who is a researcher with some medical skills, her mother the botanist, and the ex husband/father who was a soldier, crash land near the pole with their pet Husky. The botanist can't do anything without a hydroponic set up as nothing grows in the cold and ice. The mother can also cook. The daughter can hunt and cook. And the father can build a shelter. They manage to build a small, heated space and have plans to create an indoor hydroponic set up to feed themselves as there are very few things to hunt out on the ice.Then the daughter is attacked by a polar bear while hunting a rabbit. The father rescues her. While she is in bed recovering, the father and mother can't take the stress of being in such close company anymore and start fighting. The mother is injured. The father has no medical skills. The daughter gets an infection which can't be treated and gets gradually worse. There's a short in the battery room and power is knocked out - with no power there's no heat. Mother - with some medical skills - gets hypothermia. Father can't repair the battery as there's no metal left, and the daughter had the mining skills. Besides - the polar bears are still out there...Eventually food runs out - the daughter dies of her infection. The mother dies of hypothermia. The father can't bear to eat the corpses of his family and starves to death. The dog survives by eating their corpses. Eventually, a wanderer stumbles upon the settlement. He figures he could just live there, mine some metal and fix the hydroponic set up. There's no food, but he has no problem with eating this frozen human protein lying around. He survives for days, repairs the battery compartment, and is re-buidling the hydroponics.A few days later an escape pod crashes near the shelter. The old man rescues the young woman - the girl of his dreams! He locks her in a room while she recovers, hoping to woo her and convince her to stay with him, that cannibalism isn't all that bad and that people are actually quite tasty. But she rejects him. Eventually he goes insane from digging up the frozen corpses and butchering them, and in his madness he attacks the dog. The dog incapacitates him outside the shelter, and the old man - unable to get back inside - freezes to death. The young woman locked in her cell starves to death...10/10 would turn cannibal and abduct women again!"
76561197993214275,Recommended,294100,25195178,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Eradicator5000,"The storytelling experience in RimWorld is unrivaled by any video game I've ever played.  It's the only game I've ever played that comes close to what a tabletop roleplaying game can achieve in immersion and sheer unpredicatability.  It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  I would write a longer review, but I have more RimWorld to play.  RIGHT NOW."
76561198028022705,Recommended,294100,25140479,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Denali,"This game is awesome.  I bought it hoping to have a peek and get a refund if it sucked but I don't think I've turned it off in a month.  If the video and concept look even slightly interesting to you, but this game, you won't be dissapointed.  Be prepared for a learning curve though, and check out the mod collections."
,Recommended,294100,24848911,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,walbeb,"Let me tell you a love story about Angus(M) and Pitts(F).After  establishing what I consider to be a 'OK' base I realize Angus is starting to have a lot of breakdowns. The caring and loving man that I am I find out Angus is getting rejected by Pitts for marriage.Poor guy, so I make him a completely seperate house so he never has to see that who**res face again as Pitts shows no remorse for her actions.After one of his constant breakdowns (I still don't know if he was asking her everyday or what) he goes nuts, not about Pitts but BECAUSE HE ATE FOOD WITHOUT A TABLE! So after my hunter smashes his face in I decide Angus is too much trouble for his worth and let him die as a horrible infection spread throughout his body.Now for the happy ending, I decide because Pitts thought it was cool to play hard to get she has to eat Angus's flesh which turns her crazy (she was 'sad' Angus died, lying dou**che). Hunter (I think his name was Lester?) smashes her face too, and then strips down and starts walking around because he wasn't a big fan of being used as a modern day executioner.I think this game has a pretty accurate outlook on modern day relationships, best dating sim 2016."
,Recommended,294100,24985068,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cheez-it Wizard,This iz a good game.
,Recommended,294100,24956058,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,G-Funky,"I would like to start by saying i bought this game out of sheer bordem and was a last minute purchase as i had money to spare in my steam wallet, and id seen how well this game was doing from reveiws aswell as sales in steams 'early access' genre.I have never been interseted in games like this before and ive chosen to completely ignore them in the past however this game happend to become one of my favourite games so far.Ive only comitted to a whole 2 hours as of now but i expecting to put in many and more, due to the simple fact of it being so addictive and  is a nice change of pace compared to the many shooters that i play.I highly recoomend this game, however, watch a begginers guide before you play it will help you alot.Pros-Fun Addictive Gameplay-Smart / Realistic AI-Allows For Creative Minded People-Soo Much ContentCons-UI Isnt Very Appealing (is only alpha)-Not Very Explanitory For New Players"
98342647632754271,Recommended,294100,24490115,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BitCoin Billionaire,"My animal tamer was killed in the middle of a raid by another colonist going beserk over the hidious enviorment, had 4 trained boars go beserk over the loss killing half my colony and the rest of raiders. 10/10 would have boar revolution again."
,Recommended,294100,24984615,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Psypher,"Totally engrossing. I'm absolutely loving it. It's easy to let hours slip away as you lovingly nurture your colony of organ harvesters only to see them torn to shreds by bugs. If this is alpha, only amazing things lie ahead."
76561197970520104,Recommended,294100,25232809,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Capn Badass,"Never reviewed a game on Steam before.This game is deep... I've spent A LOT of time in it...It's kinda like another full-time life...The pawns have issues... I want to flog some of them, but it upsets the others if I do...Great game.... great"
76561198017635851,Recommended,294100,30938970,Posted: 4 April,all,Y.rz,Play this game if you like base building and management games! I wish it had a multiplayer mode.
,Recommended,294100,30945198,Posted: 4 April,all,DemonKilla408,"Rimworl has been on my wishlist for about 6 months and when I finally got it I was familiar with how to command AI since I played prison architect before which is very similar graphic and mechanic wise. I put 12 hours into this game keep in mind I had school as well as homework to do! This game is so addcitive and you want your colonists to thrive and you grow attached it is hard to see your favorite die haha. Overall this game is awesome I was able to..-Save people and habve them join me-Keep prisoners and do surgeries on them which was cool-See my colonists fight-Fixed broken limbs colonists have gotten due to fights-Traveled in caravans across the rimworld(different seed for each world so the world generates randomly)And so much more!I recommend to this game to anybody who is ddepluy into games such as prison architect, sims, etc. and they should give this a try because it is a awesome game. I cannot wait to see what updates they have for us in the future to make the game EVEN BETTER than it alreayd is!"
,Recommended,294100,30897461,Posted: 2 April,all,Peratus,"Game is really awesome.  After one hour:I had one colonist.  He was doing a fantastic job, but got bit by a racoon and developed an infection.  What a coincidence because a doctor arrived within a week and joined him.  She cared for him for 5 days, saved his life!  After he developed an immunity to the infection, he beat her to death.  10/10."
,Recommended,294100,30973295,Posted: 5 April,all,Jumpin',"This game is awesome. It has no story, because you make it. If you want to name all your colonists off spongebob characters you can, and sooner or later you'll find patrick getting malaria, spongebob and plankton getting married, and sandy going into a mental daze, running outside in the middle of winter naked and proceeding to fight a bear with nothing but her bare hands. That all happened to me in this game, and is why i love it. Every new start i made has a new adventure which i can't describe. If you want to see your favourite cartoon characters being mauled by bears, fighting diseases and falling in love, get this game, because its awesome."
,Recommended,294100,24524197,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Re𝕯isia,"Great game with a lot of potential, its a alpha so it isnt finished.Cons: Ai is not alwyas the brightest, could use some more varied endagame scenario's.Pro's: Great colony survival simulator with plenty of options and treaths. You can have a extremely easy or a very hard start.Thins i would love to see: Have a AI controlled colony setup in the same map as you (bigger) with relatively smart AI. That you can either friend or foe.So ill keep it short. Depending on your difficulty you can have a base builder, or a OMG please give me peace game.Tl'dr - Make a base, get raided. Have a cold snap, have radiation in the summer, your people starve GG lesson learned."
76561198060875694,Recommended,294100,30933267,Posted: 3 April,all,MasterGamer GZ,"Rimworld is a game where you can make a whole colony of people and learn to love them, then watch them all die horrible deaths. It has a complex aspect to the way you play and a big learning curve but the payoff of this timesucking game is worth it!"
76561198110717889,Recommended,294100,30956959,Posted: 5 April,all,Bugs Bunny,"I want achievements, like first something?Made much more fun than DOTA2 and CS:GO."
,Recommended,294100,25438230,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,hondsgemein,"Every time I played this game, I had tons of stories to tell about what happened to my colonists. It's really fun and I can't wait to see what future updates will bring to it."
76561198001939811,Recommended,294100,24479722,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Demiwar[SSR],"Great game. Not quite as fleshed out as gnomoria, but the general playability is a huge improvement over other Dwarf Fortress types. Worth every penny!"
76561198056407951,Recommended,294100,31041514,Posted: 9 April,all,Basigon,Prison or organ harvesting facility?10/10 would harvest again
76561198165712611,Recommended,294100,31039563,Posted: 9 April,all,thebosslol2,This game is AMAZING! I really love it!
76561198156162921,Recommended,294100,31007902,Posted: 7 April,all,dragonbolt03,two best friends stole the space ship and left everybody else to rot10/10 would steal spaceship everybody else helped to make again
76561197986628686,Recommended,294100,24835474,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,tower74,"It seems to be an OK game over the last few weeks but I might need to put a few more hours in to see if it is.You will find yourself starting a game, playing for awhile and then realize the mistakes you made. Then you will start over...and over...and over again. Each time, wanting to figure out the best way to do everything. Should I be a cave dweller, should I live in the plains or perhaps try my hand at the polar caps. The game choices are endless with the ability to edit your conditions.There's a few minor issues (I've only found it in the power portion-It seems you can't link two geothermo plants together and expect more power) but nothing that breaks or makes the game unplayable.And the MODs are the icing on the cake..."
76561198371028783,Recommended,294100,30581783,Posted: 17 March,all,The dude abides,"TRY IT. At first, I really didn't think this game was for me... I'm not big on strategy gaming at this level, had never played anything like it, I'm actually not much of a PC gamer, or I wasn't.. and actually having to use my brain, that was new! However,  I have been amazed at how fun it has been.I am utterly addicted, have about a hundred animals of different species kicking around and am lovin' it. I can't tear myself away from my colony, it just keeps getting bigger and bigger. I feel real attachment to my colony, this game plays on a whole range of emotions. For such a simple premise, it's really a great achievement as a game. Thanks for making this game and continuing to keep on making it better, I look forward to playing more!"
,Recommended,294100,26417275,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,/.,By far one of the best strategy-simulation type game that i've ever played.I can only recommend this game. It's hard and unforgiving and you have to do alot of decision making and preperations to prevent failures and even then it can still completely throw you off!To the ones who complain about the RNG factor. For me its one of the main reasons to enjoy it even more.
,Recommended,294100,31072869,Posted: 10 April,all,Wetty Fap pornhub.com,"Lots of fun, a great game to chill out and play while watching a stream, or just plain relaxing."
76561198086574148,Recommended,294100,24338371,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Walnut_205,"Great game!! I've been playing Rimworld for a couple years now, its one of my favorites! Tons of content and complex systems that simulate survival and colony management very well. It already feels like a complete game and with every update it only gets better. I'd give this game a 10/10I already own a copy of the game, but I decided to also buy the steam version just to support the developer even more. I feel like he deserves it for all his hard work on this game over the years."
76561198072728772,Recommended,294100,25487927,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Cartoria,THis game has sucked up so many hours of my life and it was worth every one of them. Awesome game. Highly recommend.
76561197985463833,Recommended,294100,30008779,Posted: 18 February,all,Jezebeau,"My second go at this ended with the very first raider attack in a surprising chain of events.  One of the two females in my band of three survivors ran toward the barricade, rifle in hand.  The one male propositioned her as she ran by, and she decided it was not the time.  He lost his head, murdered both women with a knife, killed the dog for good measure, and was finally put down by the lone unarmed raider.10/10! - would lose again."
76561198133273943,Recommended,294100,25037011,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jon Nuthin Snow,>Lost half of the forest to alphabeavers>Had a fallout for 10 days which  killed all animals and spread infection to 3 colonists>last 2 colonists go bezerk and kill each other and our chinchillas10/10 Would play again
76561198126945744,Recommended,294100,30547771,Posted: 16 March,all,Ra'silk,"The best game i have ever played. my most memorable game was early in development,( before pets and socail conversations/ insults).I started with a miner who I called Emitown and dug out  a wonderfull mountain colony. as the game progressed the raids got more difficult expecialy the tribals. (20-30 people). but we held them off easly enough. they pushed us back to the front door and our hand to hand fighters held them off with plasteel gladuses. but in the end the best fighter and miner emi was dead. from then i lost hope in that coloney and the first group of sythers raided us cutting us all down.12/10 would lose hope at my computer againtotaly worth the 33 dollars"
,Recommended,294100,31101816,Posted: 12 April,all,TAJ-MAN9599,"heres what happened first time lol.day 1 started building house collecting food etcday like 4 or 5 everything is built now lets hunt! OOOoooooOooo whats that ? a Boomrat? lets kill it! (shoots boomrat). Boomrat explodes! Fire travels all the way back to the house and destroys everything!Day 6 So what would you like to call your people and community?Me, ""Ignis Superstes!"" = Fire Survivor for the one person that survived lolGo mine a building ends up being an old cryo facility. Walks in gets mauled down by turrents!GAME OVER MAN!btw i had difficulty on Some Challengei really reconmend this game because of its randomness!"
,Recommended,294100,31110173,Posted: 12 April,all,COME OUT YE BLACK N TANS,"Selling drugs and human leather furniture. Im a libertarian, so this is heaven."
,Recommended,294100,25779100,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,marcel,Dark Souls meets The Sims
,Recommended,294100,25974818,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,joeydynamite2014,"Don't let the amount of hours I have played fool you.The first thing that I noticed about this game is how well it runs. Yes, it's the not the most demanding game in terms of RAM usage etc; but it looks really nice on the eye. The textures are great to look at.I have always enjoyed games which are unpredicable, making you wonder what is going to happen next. One minute you are being attacked by a rival tribe, the next minute you have a new colonist in your home. Having a new colonist comes with strengths and weaknesses, and their weaknesses can have a massive impact on your colony.You have be sure to keep your colonists happy, as they can fall into a minor or major mental breakdown. This can affect many thing, from gathering crops to mining resources.So far I have enjoyed every minute of this game, and is worth every penny.Get it now!"
76561198328980509,Recommended,294100,30254565,Posted: 28 February,all,Burstingolem,Almost 300 hours in and still can't leave it be. The mods are fuel to the fire as well.
,Recommended,294100,30133486,Posted: 23 February,all,SquareUnit,A game that take the best concept of Dwarf Forteress and the playability of prison architect.Perfect
76561198007862196,Recommended,294100,26126993,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Torpa,exceptional game.  Highly recommend it to anyone who loves management/building/sandbox type stuff.  It has 97% positive reviews for very good reason
76561197978061281,Recommended,294100,25774356,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hanith,"This game is very addictive. It is basically what Dwarf Fortress was ment to be.Right about the time you think you are doing well your crops will fail, someone will strip down and run screaming into the night to be eaten by bears, a bit of wire will detonate (it literally explodes) destorying mountains of precious equipment, your farmers will collectively go on a cocaine binge and kill all the healers, the barn will burn down from a lightning strike in the middle of winter, and the freezer will stop working because reasons. When the dust settles, all that will be left will be a bunch of bleeding and starving people, a bunch of high quality med-kits and food, and one fat piece of human garbage who refuses to play doctor, move anything, or feed anyone. He let them bleed out while he dove into the 140 remaining beer in the drug freezer.His-Fatness's fate was fitting. He was attacked by the 6 huskies who went bezerk because they ran out of food. The huskies, being well trained as they were, hauled all the corpses to the now defunct freezer for storage. The settlement is now a churnal house inhabited by feral dogs and turkeys.If you play this game, don't expect the game to be kind. It is HUGELY RNG driven and tends toward screwing you over, like having a pack of rabid rhino's sit outside your house until you either let them in to kill everybody or everyone starves since the food is in a different structure. Or, having your base obliderated by a lucky/unlucky flash storm centered on your monolithic structure."
,Recommended,294100,24960009,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Evs,Best game ever. Addiction on par with Civ 5. You can never stop at 'just one more day'.
,Recommended,294100,25119305,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Synthe,"Was actually suprised when I noticed this was Early Access, not a full release.This game is not only fun, but feels like a polished game in it's current state. 9/10"
76561198210416868,Recommended,294100,25086114,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jimmy Pesto,"everything going swell""Barf"" decides to have a mental break down""Barf"" is a pyro maniac""Barf"" burns everything to the ground""Barf"""
,Recommended,294100,25557141,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,anangrygerbil,"I thought I'd start out easy so I set the game up in the gentle 'Base builder' mode.On the first day, one of my three colonists had a heart attack. Unfortunately she was the doctor.Never fear, I assigned another colonist as medic and ordered him to treat her. He tried once, failed and then became her lover instead, which meant he climbed into her sickbed and stayed there until she died.The third colonist was so freaked out by her dead body that he went for 'an aimless wander' and was savaged by a rampaging hare... so he was killed by a bunny.My colony is now one necrophiliac with no survival skills, lets see what day 2 will bring...11/10"
76561198146959496,Recommended,294100,28528650,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Next Gen Hans,"Aweeeeeeeesooooomeee, highly recommended for those who loves to relax and enjoy realistic space pioneer"
,Recommended,294100,28973478,Posted: 3 January,all,Nightmare,"RimWorld is one of those games you could play every day for the rest of your life and have a completely different outcome each and every time. If you put into perspective the amount of random generation and events, then look further at the amount of details like relations between colonists, capturing enemies or even having your own colonists captured right down to their types of injuries.. you can tell a story.It's a library of books, each game a brand new cover. Will you build a ship and escape or succumb to the dangers and mishaps around you? Will the favorite character who has fantastic shooting and a friendly face get mauled by a megasloth? Nobody knows. There is no script, only a story to be written after.Aside from all of that, completely independent of it, this game supports mods. As we see from games like Garry's mod, mods can make a game immortal. Already, even before the game is done, there is a fantastic modding community adding things that we can only hope will be added by the developers.TL;DR - Imagine prison architect 3000 years in the future except it's not a prison, it's the entire world. Oh and it has about twice the features and complexity. Plus mods."
76561198016316200,Recommended,294100,29397602,Posted: 21 January,all,Pickle Rick's Brine,very interesting game. but not newbie friendly.
,Recommended,294100,27533094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ZeroyalDragon,"If you enjoy management or learning, please, play it, the best stuff happens, I had a lesbian marrige before promptly being murdered by 113 cows."
,Recommended,294100,27585803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dickson,It's amazing so many different things to do
,Recommended,294100,27604357,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wololo-Pocalypse,"This game is pretty simple, the main goal is to survive. Your only issue with that, however, is the narrator that decides to give your one & only colonist a parasite. :/Terrible experiences aside, you have to do a wide myriad of things, such as maintaining a stable food source, creating shelter, defend your little settlement from raids, & so on and so forth. Rimworld is a small but very intracate game that I've had many hours of enjoyment out of & I know I shall get many more.Sidenote: Rimworld has a good modding scene as well, if you do pick it up check out some the mods! :2016watermelon:"
76561198189896974,Recommended,294100,27479280,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,likisticks,Addictive af
,Recommended,294100,29487719,Posted: 25 January,all,Kazibole,Pet cat died due to infected turtle bite. Turned cat's corpse into meal and jacket. 10/10
76561198353335081,Recommended,294100,29458035,Posted: 24 January,all,las vegas shooting range,"♥♥♥♥ing insane, easily the best game in my library for replayability"
,Recommended,294100,29514066,Posted: 26 January,all,Schadenfreude,"This is a tale about the colony of New Havenbrook. A tale centered around two doctors one real, one fake. Their names were Lupos and Weeks. Lupos was the real deal, she was a highly skilled, dedicated and caring physician. Then there was Weeks, some arty farty type, we never got along I would often crack his skull open sending him off with concussion and Lupos would patch him up, right as rain.Me, I’m Speedy I get stuff done, someone has to after crashing on this hell hole planet. I take crap from nobody, especially not Weeks. In hindsight maybe I should have been nicer to him, lest I knew the monster that he would become.Everything was fine at first the doc kept us healthy with the little we had, she did a great job. Weeks would sulk in his workshop making blocks and sculptures out of stone. I would come in and remind him he was an idiot from time to time but mostly we would keep to ourselves. People came and left, by left I mean left this world, death by raiders or wildlife mostly. Those bloody beavers cost us some good people. Throughout it all though the original three remained.One day after another raider attack, Lupos was shot, there was seven of us at this point and none of us but the Doc had any medical skills, it was looking like a pretty sorry state of affairs. Weeks told us some rubbish about reading some off-world med book. No idea if he was lying or not or he just wanted to help the person who had patched him up countless times. He managed to save Lupos and from that point forward he decided medicine was his calling.He built a wooden shack out back with 4 beds in it and put a red light in there, no idea why. Every raider attack from then onwards it was like he couldn’t wait for his new guests to arrive. Most of them died, the lucky ones. The survivors were taken to Weeks cabin, let’s just say no one who went in came out the same way they went in. He would go into “treat” them, their corpses would come out with legs amputated, replaced with stumps of wood, their jaws removed and often missing several organs. He would store the remains in the freezers with the food, what the hell!The thing was he became good, almost as good as Lupos so we let him be. There must have been at least 40 graves out the back of that shack by the time things went belly up. Another day another raider attack. Bloody genius who thought mortars were a good idea for base defense, almost killed us all. Lobbed a mortar shell right into the hospital where Lupos was treating patients.Weeks quickly tended to Lupos' wounds and then went to play in his shack with his latest friends. It became apparent that Lupos right leg had been maimed due to the mortar injury. You would think after performing countless amputations and peg leg attachments on his victims Weeks would be able to do this.No the idiot failed five surgeries to help poor doc, not to mention stabbing her five times in the torso and chest. What the hell is wrong with Weeks. A few days later both Lupos and Weeks contracted severe malaria. None of us knew what to do, both doctors were dying. Irony or not Weeks died roughly one Week after contracting the disease, I threw his corpse in the newly made cremater, no one wanted to bury him out back with his victims.Lupos is a tough bird, she pulled through but was still missing a leg. I thought screw it, how hard can it be and with my none existent medical skills managed to pull it off. Lupos was up and walking again. We agreed the next time a trading ship came by with some synth legs we would get one for the doc. Sadly that never happened, the boomrat plague happened. There was so many and they came so quickly. The stupid dog Silver, who was Weeks loyal pet went into a frenzy opening the main door to the base and mauling one of our crew. We had to put the poor mutt down. It was too late though, the boomrats poured in. People panicked and stabbed them causing explosions everywhere.Only I made it out of the inferno, Lupos was too slow now that she had a wooden leg. I made it offworld in the escape pod we had built. That was the end of New Havenbrook. I leave this as a record for the poor souls I left behind. I probably won’t survive to tell the tale, I got burnt pretty good and I’m bleeding out it’s only a matter of time now. I wish Lupos was here.Speedy"
76561198144691771,Recommended,294100,29609465,Posted: 31 January,all,IdaPida,"I have about 19 saves in this game, and i have rage quittied on all of them.But i still open the game, make a new colony, hoping this will be the one.10/10, will rage quit and play again."
76561198031907311,Recommended,294100,29624902,Posted: 1 February,all,Hans Llambda,"Play this game in permadeath mode, it makes you care enough about your colonists and you will experience some dramatic setbacks.I've had half of my colony wiped out by four centipedes with inferno cannons, two more died of infection later on, mere days before my spaceship was ready.One game was lost to a pack of elk after a hunting accident.I'll never forget Chicken 48, who died of a drug overdose because I didn't lock the smokeleaf away.One guy with malaria went into a psychotic state and I had to arrest him to continue his treatment. He survived at 99%, only to have his head blown off by raiders a few days later.On my way through the ice shield my alpacas got so cold that their hooves froze off.At one point I became a organ dealer because apparently that's the most lucrative way to deal with surplus colonists and prisoners.I had a standoff between a rioting prisoner and a constructor repairing the door he was tearing down from the other side.Another prisoner died because I tried to do a cold turkey with two addictions at once.One moron shelled my own fighters during a siege, killing my best craftsman and source of income.A wildfire opened an ancient tomb, releasing a bunch of angry mechanoids on my colony. The rescued people in the tomb were happy to be released, except for that one guy who went on to kill my best constructor.Some old lady decided to settle alone in the wilderness for an adventure, only forgot she had asthma and no one around to treat it.In an effort to appease hostile tribes by releasing healthy prisoners, two of them died of hypothermia or predation while leaving the map in shackles.12/10 it's a good game Bront."
,Recommended,294100,29591006,Posted: 30 January,all,Missile Mitch,"Seriously great game, worth every penny."
76561197961578109,Recommended,294100,26680639,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Lameness,"A Dwarf Fortress inspired gem. Fully playable with barely any bugs, has workshop support with plenty of nice mods - and its still being expanded."
,Recommended,294100,33301999,Posted: 5 July,all,Sandsnake,This game is ridiculously addictive and it's still in early release. Just be sure to bring your dark side because it's also brutal.
,Recommended,294100,29333541,Posted: 18 January,all,=WnA= Novenix,"Meh good game, 9/10 would do incest again."
76561197970127025,Recommended,294100,25705893,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Half-Leif,First DF-like game that comes close to the original. Great tutorials and in-game tips. Love it so far (7hours in).
,Recommended,294100,27365140,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Boogie,I think the game falls short of it's desired outcome (ie escaping the planet) but as a basebuilder it has amazing potential. Workshop support also adds so much to this game. Looking forward to seeing where it heads in the future.
,Recommended,294100,27368557,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✧･ﾟ: *✧･ﾟ:* Chewy Lou *:･ﾟ✧*:･ﾟ✧,It's like sci-fi Dwarf Fortress but fun right away
76561198046878681,Recommended,294100,27369108,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fishbrains,"Build a sweet base, watch as two of your people develope a relationship. Willl they won't they? oh♥♥♥♥♥♥they didn't and now he is killing everyone.Start over, build a new base this time it will be better. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm out of food, we have to eat the dog...oh♥♥♥♥♥♥she is killing everyone.Do it again and again it never gets old."
76561198116260235,Recommended,294100,33446095,Posted: 10 July,all,The Dude,A prisoner tried to escape after I arrest him. My doctor killed him after he was arrested and then everyone celebrated with smokeleaf joints in the rec room. We then proceded to go to the prisoners settlement and burn it to the ground all we left were the bones. Celebrated with more smokeleaf joints back home.10/10 would stage a mongol-like invasion again.
76561198092290620,Recommended,294100,33464184,Posted: 11 July,all,Lord Mazdamundi,I sell my prisoners organs to pirates.
,Recommended,294100,33478136,Posted: 12 July,all,Ceronos,"Hands down, votes out, this is one of the BEST game ever to be made, ever.The fact that it is still in development is mind blowing, as it is one of the most complete early access games I will play.(I've owned well over 20+ of early access top titles that never came to quality quite like Rimworld has.)I cannot sell this game enough with words alone. You MUST learn, play and experience Rimworld to understand the glory that this game withholds from images alone. Streaming this game doesn't do justice to how awesome a 30+ hour playthrough feels as you guide the colonists/tribe through hell and high water to actually survive and thrive the literal hell on earth they ended up in.Believe me when I say, you can't just ""win"" this one. Not unless you play on easy difficulties which is fun in it's own right, but nothing compared to the thrill of fighting off massive amounts of raiders, manhunting packs of animals, and even machines from a long dead civilization.Expensive yet uncomprismingly dedicated to A+ product. This team knows what the game is worth at the end of the road. If pricing is holding you back.....don't expect to pay less than 30$+ for the final release."
76561198068090464,Recommended,294100,26946752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Timo5511,Very fun colony simulator with very real elements.
76561198031452946,Recommended,294100,33277579,Posted: 5 July,all,DJ_ZG,Awesome and addicting game.
76561198232111916,Recommended,294100,33283760,Posted: 5 July,all,pating6,This game is totally worth it
76561198083910805,Recommended,294100,32846232,Posted: 27 June,all,Panderp,"I'd be depressed too if my sister fell out of the sky, then was murdered by a maddened chinchilla."
,Recommended,294100,33397284,Posted: 9 July,all,G.I Jesus,"A great colony simulation game that keeps me hooked with the events the story ai can make, the random world gens, the stories behind the people, the affects that can happen to people before and after raids, the detailed injury system.Even though it is in early access, I would still recommend it to a friend and such, due to how good I think this game is.Heres an example of a event that happenedI had a married couple and I was raided, so one of the raiders has an missle launcher and it blows up the husband and this makes him incapable of moving, so one of the raiders take him and I get all my pawns to shoot the raider, we kill him, but the husband was shot and killed by his wife, so I built a sarcophagus to commerate the husband. This is the wife becomes super depressed, she  became addicted to smokeleaf and we ran out so she went berserk and she ended up dying due to the fact she injured our people so we needed to take her out. After all this happened, we made another sarcophagus and placed it by the husbands grave."
,Recommended,294100,33416711,Posted: 9 July,all,Blue Heart,"Rimworld is one of the best colony survival games i`ve ever played, you can play with a lot of diffucty or just have a layed back play style.10/10 absoulutly love this game!"
76561198008098696,Recommended,294100,28732015,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Arteis,"Addictive colony builder with high level of customizability and a space-western theme. I'm a very picky gamer and this one checks all sorts of good boxes.Customizable start conditions right down to what items you start with and what name your pet has if you want one.On high difficulty its about life on a alien world that hates you and wishes you to attempt to survive only so it can watch you suffer longer.On low diffculty its about a colonist or colonists setting up a new life on a new world and becoming comfortable and affluent.Somewhere in the middle I play and wrestle with the advesities the game throws at me while trying to achieve wealth and eventually get my people back into space.15 hours into a colony and after two consecutive raids and injuries sustained (but survived) from grenades my inventors mind just broke and is now wandering around my common area bleeding minorly and starving to death in a stupor. When i tried to arrest him to force him to eat and be treated he went berzerk and stabbed my ex-spy doctor to death nearly instantly. My pet warg ate the corpse of the fallen spy as the ex spys lover discovered the scene and immediately mentally broke killed the inventor in a berzerk fit before being subdued (beaten unconciouss) by the ex-spy's  lover's pet muffalo(buffalo creature).The whole time my chef was preparing meals and as the muffalo beat the lover feet away. He sat down to eat and ""relax socially.""The whole affair made me laugh uncontrollably at the rediculously unrealistic chef...until i remembered he had the psycopath trait and as rechecked his stats page and re-read that he had the trait ""Is uncapable of: caring""Then it was a bit too real and i said tahts enough rimworld for today."
,Recommended,294100,33493094,Posted: 12 July,all,Stuxnet,"Still in Early Access, but lots of fun. Im pretty casual with this game and i play mainly to relax at the end of the day or on weekends. There are also some cool mods out there and it seems like the developers take hints and eventually add stuff to the game that we want. I actually used to play a pirated version of this game but soon enough realized i need to support the devs cause iz werth"
,Recommended,294100,29858597,Posted: 11 February,all,funestis,"I'm stuck with this game, I can't stop playing! Help!"
,Recommended,294100,28978067,Posted: 3 January,all,YellowImpulse,"This game is insane.Whilst challenging, it is also fun..Cba to write much more, maybe later."
,Recommended,294100,28978471,Posted: 3 January,all,MatterofLight,i like.
,Recommended,294100,29413346,Posted: 21 January,all,Moist,"Colonist Patricia's log, 4th of spring, 5501, Lyon's Pride, Dominance settlementWe buried Diver last night, after discovering she'd been torn apart by a pack of Alphabeavers she was sent out to hunt. I shudder just thinking about those buck teeth and what they must do to bone. Sarai wouldn't talk about what condition the remains were in.Today was meant to be a great day, with Gerador and Acosta getting married. Disaster struck however, as midway through the ceremony we heard a fierce struggle between animals directly outside the front door.Gerador's pet husky, William, was lying prone on the floor with his stomach torn out. Poor Gerador, he'd never been the same since we sold his first pet, Grace the cat, while he was sleeping, and now this.Packmates are loyal creatures, so William's mate Sara ran in to help just in time to catch a spray from Acosta's shotgun, which also finished off William while only angering the bear.In the end, Sarai got the worst of it out, and I finished off the wretched beast with a plasteel knife to the back of the head. I think Sarai's arm is infected, but we're out of antibiotics and she's the only doctor.As for the married couple, it's going to be a rough night. It's not everyday you bury a friend, get married, then watch your new spouse kill your bonded dog and its mate with a misplaced shotgun blast in the middle of a desperate struggle for your life.Or at least, it's not everyday for places that aren't our quaint little settlement of Dominance."
76561198281212733,Recommended,294100,25904030,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,StrangestThing,"The game is great and definately feels like a finished product.The only problem is, it's very hard to stop playing."
,Recommended,294100,28499921,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Choops,"To think I very nearly refunded this game! I started playing it, followed the tutorial and it just felt very boring. There was no point in anything, my guys just wondered around or sat doing nothing. I tried clicking to make them do chores etc but it just felt laborious and uninteresting. I'd try to tame an animal and the tamer wench would just stand there chilling. So I logged out and didn’t give it much thought. Then before refunding I decided I’d try it again and actually googling some of the issues i was having. So much of it is customisable, even right down to random people wondering into your camp and being like ""HEY IM IN YOUR TEAM NOW, SURE I BURN EVERYTHING IN SIGHT AND I'LL KNIFE YOU IF YOU LOOK AT ME THE WRONG WAY BUT HIGH FIVE!"" (It's in customise scenario: D) Everything in this game is a little bit complicated, but even something as stupid as working out how the cabling from solar panels to batteries feels good.I ended up doing the rich explorer scenario a lot mostly because it was easier to just focus on one guy. Just me and my dog chilling, arresting any beach that comes within gun range of my property. I'd put them in prison (to arrest somebody you need to already have built a bed, click it and click the prisoner icon :D), tend to their wounds, chat with them, make them comfortable and then either release them or execute them on the spot and harvest their organs (Traders will buyy that shiz!) I've actually just came off the game...giant lightning storm started a fire near my battery building :( It then spread to my solar panels which then spread to every single building I had. My poor guy tried spending 2 minutes patting one square of fire, meanwhile 600 others had caught. He was so badly burnt he eventually felt to the ground, dropped his weapon and lay there helplessly. My poor dog who I had actually trained to guard me and bond with me, sat by whelping miserably. Sadly there was no rescue party (maybe because i shoot at everyone) and my poor guy succumbed to his infected wounds.RIPWould shoot/arrest everyone again."
,Recommended,294100,27052957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McGiggins,"So I played this game a little and it was really really good.Going to try to get my mother to play it too, as an alternative to ♥♥♥♥ing farmville."
,Recommended,294100,27264560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JIB,"You can't see the over 1,000 hours I've put into this gem from before it was on Steam - but if you like colony management games, this one is a MUST play.Not unlike Dwarf Fortress, and Prison Architecht, with each major update the game is so alive with new features and content it warrants another dozen hours of watching everything spiral out of control.Inbetween regular updates and content, and massive mod / community support, this game will have legs for a long time coming."
,Recommended,294100,31160110,Posted: 15 April,all,Lemony,"Looked at the picture and thought i would not enjoy this game, but i ended buying it because the reviews were high. And then i realized why this had such great reviews"
76561198081230326,Recommended,294100,26721160,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Pringels,It's been a while since a game has kept me up until 2am on a weeknight. Repeatedly.10/10
76561197993395011,Recommended,294100,28502119,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Iking,"You will lose HOURS upon HOURS on this game. The replayability is endless. I suggest playing the game in permadeath, it makes it simpler and more enjoyable. :)"
,Recommended,294100,28491327,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sopalette,"Great game,Manage and develop your own space colony, complete with space raiders and random events that will test your management and strategy skills.The game is still in developpement  (alpha) but is perfectly playable, the devs (dev?) have been making some meaningful additions to the game since the beginning of the early access (drug system, caravan, rebalance, ... etc.). They seem pretty involved in the project. And their are already mods on steam !This game is for me a great alternative to dwarf fortress in a more streamlined and accessible way."
76561198004668480,Recommended,294100,28150466,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lucius Black,This game is a magnificant gem for our generation.Countless hours of entertainment.Mods are epic in scope and multiply your replay value tremendously.Worth every single penny.
76561198113797227,Recommended,294100,27892560,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vitor Zanetti,One of the best base building games ever released.
,Recommended,294100,27850152,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,I Ask Ranks,Yes
,Recommended,294100,29784109,Posted: 8 February,all,Carthage,Excellent game. I can see many hours poured into this. 10/10
,Recommended,294100,29533822,Posted: 27 January,all,fnden,its pretty good
76561198167768690,Recommended,294100,28490608,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,waffle of life123,Rimworld is on of the best (if not the best) games that I have played. 9/10
76561197981942199,Recommended,294100,27321538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schmack,"I struggled to get into dwarf fortress, mainly because of the graphics but I kept going back because I loved the concept.Rimworld has so much depth, rugged beauty, horror, amazesause... this game keeps me addicted hour after hour."
,Recommended,294100,26314014,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Damank,"One of the greatest Survival Base Building game I've ever played, truly shows that graphics don't matter if the gameplay is good enough. Also the soundtrack is amazing!"
,Recommended,294100,26421336,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fapajawea,I just started playing the other day.  First colony I was a little overwhelming.  Watched a few youtube videos and started again.  I can't stop playing now.  Once you get the basics you will be enthralled and the diversity the game offers keeps you coming back again.  I highly recommend it
76561197995848467,Recommended,294100,28282615,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Bishop,"An extremely good simulation that uses the basic framework of Dwarf Fortress. I have a feeling that I'll be playing this game for several thousand hours before I die... assuming they don't dumb it down, and keep expanding it.Even in Alpha it's worth the full price, and cross-platform compatibility is the icing on the cake!"
,Recommended,294100,25918559,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Acheeze,My eyes are bleeding
,Recommended,294100,29038892,Posted: 5 January,all,Kasser,"Never heard about this game before until I saw it in Steam Catalog.This is a fantastic game that manage to mix Simulation, Survival and Strategy. It is a great sandbox game which you're gonna play for 2 hours and then tell stories about it to your friends."
76561198037871227,Recommended,294100,30190723,Posted: 26 February,all,Pandora,One of the best survival games right now. If you ok with single play survival games this is the best right now.
,Recommended,294100,30114013,Posted: 22 February,all,Skeletor Jesus,"TL;DR: Buy this game if it remotely interests you, you will not regret it. Except maybe don't buy it if you like your social and/or professional life.Allow me to tell you the tale of my first game:Three colonists awake to the sounds of explosions and alarms, in a panic they manage to make it to the escape pods. Of a ship of hundreds, they are the only ones to make it out alive. Those three were the engaged couple Lowe and Ceti, and a stranger. James was a counselor in his previous life, while Ceti a geologist. They weren't exactly a picture perfect match, but they were deeply in love and planned on getting married on a whole new world to begin their new lives together. Mushinto, the stranger was a hunter and former gang member - he never talked about his past, but the knife scar on his torso and gunshot scar on his arm said enough. Somewhere along the way, Mushinto managed to befriend a Yorkshire Terrier that he named Don and develop serious alcoholism. Upon first setting down, they set up a single large building, in order to escape the elements. After doing that, a couple rooms were added - so that the engaged couple may sleep together in peace, and they wouldn't disturb Mushinto at night. After the living arrangements had been settled, the illustrious group set up a couple farm patches, in order to grow rice and potatoes (Mark Watney would be proud). About one season later, Ceti's sister Glenn arrived! What luck! This is a good time to mention that Mushinto was getting quite close with Ceti - he attempted to romance her a number of times. As far as I can tell, she rejected him every time, so Mushinto turned to what little booze he had with him. Somehow Lowe never noticed, or if he did, he never acted on it. Mushinto and Glenn immediately hit it off on the wrong foot, becoming rivals quite quickly. They were never meant to be as she was a child spy turned machine collector and an ugly one at that, so Mushinto treated her quite awfully. Probably due to his withdrawals at not being able to brew more alcohol. The next season was spent expanding the settlement and doing some basic research. Sometime around late Summer, the settlers realized they did not have any parkas - so they desperately set up a cotton patch. Alas, they would not grow enough cotton before the weather started to change for the worse. Fighting off numerous animal and raider attacks, the settlers somehow managed to survive until Fall when a fifth arrived! The booms and smoke trail gave off the telltale signs of a crashing escape pod. Ceti was immediately dispatched to go rescue the lone survivor, Diver. It turns out that Diver was a former mercenary! Her skills would come in handy many times during raids and wild animal attacks. As the weather changed for the colder during fall, everything was looking good. The colony was expanding to add a few houses for the colonists, so they wouldn't have to live in the wooden main building, there was a massive supply of food (more than enough for three Winters!), and there were enough colonists to do all the work. As the temperatures dropped, a hopeful last crop died overnight in a surprise cold snap right before the onset of Winter. That Winter would be marked by staying indoors and doing as much research as possible - unlocking the next tier of technologies, Mushinto being a jerk to both other women in the colony, Ceti befrending a couple turkeys and a Muffalo, and the colonists surviving in the warmth of their heaters. Now would be a good time to mention that the colony had a hybrid solar/wind/battery electrical system that provided a 24-hour clean and renewable electricity supply with two massive battery backups that could go several days discharging. Alas, this electricity would be the beginning of the end. A freak short circuit on a single strand of wire in the outdoor refridgerator caused a massive fire that immediately burned the entire outdoor supply of potatoes and rice. Mushinto was the first on the scene, trying desperately to stamp out the fire, not realizing that the interior of the outdoor fridge rapidly heated to over 200C. He would die from his wounds in a matter of minutes, with Diver frantically trying to rescue him as Ceti was already dragging a wounded Lowe back to his bed. This left the colonists with only a handful of food, and a dead ally (Diver and Glenn both secretely relieved). Sadly, this would not be the last of the tale of woe. Oh no, what should happen next? A raving pack of exploding rats attacked! Ceti and Glenn set out to kill them, but in their wounded states the rats got to Glenn and wounded her badly. Lowe dragged her inside where he was hiding due to a lack of a weapon and tended to her wounds before grabbing her pistol and going at the exploding buggars. Using a distracting technique, Diver managed to lure a couple rats around the main building where Ceti got a lucky shot and instantly blew up one of the rats. Trapping the other  two in the fire, Ceti and Lowe managed to kill the rest, leaving their corpses out in the open as a grim reminder. Unfortunately, this distraction wounded each of the settlers, and combined with a thick coating of snow, killed off the remaining local wildlife. In a desperate bid to survive a bit longer, the colonists butchered their own turkeys. Rest in Peace, Turkey 1 and Turkey 2, we hardly knew you. Unfortunately, Muffalo 1 was also attacked by a bear a short time later, before she could be milked. On the last day of Winter, we were left with a desperate situation. No food, torrential rains, no wildlife, and a rapidly failing electric grid due to a lack of sun to charge the batery, the colonists were forced to ponder their fate. On the second day of Spring, Ceti snapped and attacked her now husband (married in early Fall) in bed in the middle of the night, Lowe carrying his pistol managed to down her with a gunshot to the arm, and Glenn's knife to Ceti's throat. Miraculously, she survived. Combined with the act of wounding his beloved and a delirious state of malnutrition, Lowe spent a whole day just wandering in the rain and not planting any food. Ceti being wounded, the act of planting was left to Glenn and Diver. Unfortunately they were not enough. On the night of the 4th of Spring, Ceti and Lowe passed away in their sleep of starvation. Glenn would die the next morning, with Diver surviving until the end of the day by desperately feeding off the corpses of her former friends.And that folks, is the story of my first game.10/10 I would absolutely recommend this game if you are into survival and management games like Dwarf Fortress or Banished. This game is quite similar to Banished, but with a futuristic apocalypse setting.Do not let the Early Access fool you, this game is complete enough as is to warrant the $30. I've owned the game for two days and I've put in over 10 hours. It's complete enough for release, but the devs want to add some more stuff. Neat.My only complaint are a few minor issues:* Using right click to drag causes the interface to pup up every time you right click - this shouldn't happen. (it should if you just right click and not drag, but shouldn't when dragging)* The number of rabid animal attacks is quite high for the regular difficulty* If my colonist has a 9/20 gun skill, he shouldn't miss 30 shots in a row against a sleeping beaver. I counted, that actually happened.* Colonists seem to have serious ADHD on the default priorities - maybe tweak the priorities a bit, so colonists will focus on finishing tasks rather than rapidly switching between unrelated tasks. That's a nit-pick, and you can all but avoid it if you set the priorities right."
76561198083648412,Recommended,294100,30203966,Posted: 26 February,all,truegamer92,"Hours of killing, trading, buliding or just trying to survive I would recommend"
76561198042799042,Recommended,294100,26140600,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FireOfTal,It's an amazing game. Great way to kill and invest your time.
76561198059832987,Recommended,294100,26369963,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Blödhgarm,Man named Cue falls in love with woman named Kim. she rejects him endlessly....he proceeds to make a large sculpture named: Struggles of Kim.10/10 would watch Cue in the friendzone forever.
,Recommended,294100,26402149,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,STR1KK3R,"A Dwarf Fortress esque colony creator with a lot of fun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that will kick you while you're down. I've never had more fun being destroyed by a maddened ostrich while all my lifes work was destroyed by a raging fire started by a disgruntled colonist. Get it, the Devs deserve it."
,Recommended,294100,26201784,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,YontEvnKnow,"This is a game about making a mistake/mistakes that ultimatly lead to the death of a colony. Then after the colony dies, writing a story online or a review, that explains the rise and fall of said colony and its inhabitants. This helps the player forget, if just a little, that they, and they alone,  were the one who sent the colonists only doctor to harvest a bush next to a grizzly bear."
,Recommended,294100,27021900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wilson,"I have put more hours into this game than most games I was excited about it for years.I have 6 new games I was super excited about for months RIGHT NOW but even though I've been playing this game for months I still find myself getting the itch to play rimworld over the new games.Not because they are bad, it's because rimworld is that good.And it's still being updated having large meaningful features added. It looks like BIG updates coming that would add tons.If this looks at all interesting to you, buy it. I would pay 100 dollars for this as it is right now and not feel ripped off one tiny bit."
76561198029897987,Recommended,294100,26925719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Outcast,It's Dwarf Fortress for people who aren't psychotic.
76561198064166942,Recommended,294100,28869411,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,alwaysmutetheweirdo,"This game is taking over my life a bit, It is so addiictive, the vanilla game is improving, the recent update making it a much more developed immersive experience but with the community and modding this game has, it is one of my favourite titles on steam, the only downside is when it updates and you have to wait for the modders to update their content, as some take time, definitely recommend picking it up."
76561198021798896,Recommended,294100,26640634,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,cubd.,crakc.
,Recommended,294100,26510997,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cardboard Box,"Right. I'm going to get straight to the point - after only 12 hours of game time, this is one of my new favourite games. Every single aspect of this game is amazing, and in my opinion, beautifully polished for an early access game.Let's start with the positives:- Relatively easy to get the hang of after a little while playing, even the initially confusing interface becomes easy to navigate once you know the ropes.- Beautiful yet simplistic style, similar to that of Prison Architect, adds to the game's value - from the tiniest detail (such as a swaying tree) all the way to tile-by-tile fires and various weather events. All these add to the immersion.- Due to the game's sandbox style, it offers practically endless playability. The different storytellers (game ""narrators"" who shape the world events), combined with the ability to edit your own scenarios and play how YOU want to play means you will keep going back for more.- NPC and colonist interaction is the ultimate detail, and ties in to the main reason why this game is a MUST BUY. From having chit-chat all the way to full-scale relationships, be it hostile, friendly or romantic, the multiple layers of interaction and control you are given makes it feel like you are actually affecting real lives - you will find yourself immersed in these little 2D characters' stories, from their traits and strengths to their inevitable downfall.- The game runs incredibly well, and for those of you who are sceptical about buying it, do not worry. If you have a bad system, just don't fast-forward time, and don't zoom out a lot. But the game generally runs great for me no matter what I do.Negatives (eh, more like improvements):- Colonist interaction is great, but romantic relationships should go somewhere else after marriage. This may already be a feature, but if I'm not mistaken colonists cannot get pregnant. This would be a lovely feature for natural colony expansion (but again, I might be wrong).- There is tons to do in terms of environmental interaction, but some aspects could be added to in my opinion. For example, the ability to fish in water or the sea and then store/cook fish as another source of food.Other than that, I think the game is absolutely perfect, and anyone reading this who is considering it, GO FOR IT.Really great job developers."
,Recommended,294100,26482680,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,GI Cho,Fantastic game. Unfortunately the last time I played it one of my colonists thought it was a good idea to throw a molotov at an enemy who was currently engaged in melee combat right next a wooden wall with all of our supplies for the winter in it........Build stone or steel walls around your storage people! These guys are just trying to make it out there!
76561197970941878,Recommended,294100,26093804,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,RED,"In an age of $60 dollar games with huge over rated budgets RimWorld gently snuck under the radar. With it's simplistic graphics and concept, I expected a mindless tower defense game, but what I got would be anything but mindless. RimWorld's attention to detail and careful considerations made (and continues to make) me feel like an architect, social scientist, therapist, prison warden, match-maker, and warlord.Not since I was in the fourth grade thinking of the Legend of Zelda have I spent the quiet moments of my day thinking of creative solutions to heat waves, mental break downs, or a stampede of rhinos. But what makes this game memorable isn't the gameplay, but the stories that are made. Buy this game, learn it, and never look back."
,Recommended,294100,26128197,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MzabiWarlord,Nothing is better then having an entire colony die to fire because your Pyro maniac goes crazy while 30+ manhunter gazelles are outside the door. RIP Crashville and ♥♥♥♥ you Randy for not giving me an AI core for 4 years I had every single other piece of the ship ready
76561198112610719,Recommended,294100,29620223,Posted: 31 January,all,erraticsammy,cant stop playing O.o
,Recommended,294100,26398746,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Stanley,"RImworld...Might've become the most addictive game ever.The game is simple yet so very complicated once you advance. As you dig deeper into the mechanism of the game, the challenge gets harder and harder, until it slowly smother your colonist and shatter your colony into a million pieces.One of my favorite and by far the best colony not only granted me happiness and joy, it also bonded me with a virtual unrealistic world within a larger world. The time I spent in the game despite my homework, the effort I put to fully and genuinely understand the mechanism and the behavior of the game and the storyteller, and the bond between me and the little colony, it's beyond incredible for a game to achieve such attributes.I started off with wooden walls, and as a consequence of me foolishly choosing the difficulty rough whilst using the storyteller Randy Random, I get little time before i encounter the first threat; raid. The raid wasn't much of a difficult threat, my good o' brawler Bernard knocked him into concussion and we left him incapacitated and bleeding on the ground. What came afterwards were what hit my colony hard; natural threats. With that being said, solar flare ♥♥♥♥ed my electricity up, as my whiny colonists complained about the temperature and the darkness exposures that left them in bad mood. That, followed by a psychic drone in which drove almost everyone insane. It really takes time to plan out every move when everyone is on the brink of mental breakdown, the stakes are high as the sun.After a decade or so, when all my colonists (including new members) are stable and ready to kick♥♥♥♥♥ and I have all steel walls and high tech defense systems, Randy decided it's time for the final countdown (puns intended) to the death of my colony, and tossed every single sort of lethal threat at my face; a massive raid, followed by an infestation, followed by a mass animal outrage, followed by a fatal solar flare, followed by a vicious dry thunderstorm (like seriously, what the actual ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you, Randy?). Solar flare downed my automated turrets and all my other electronic devices, and the dry thunderstorms threatened to set my un-firefoamed area on fire. With those natural damage on the side, the raid downed 2 of my professional brawler, crumpled not just my twin layered metal walls, but also my colonists' fortitude. following the neverending onslaught of swarming insects that quickly overwhelmed my colonists and they have to retreat back to the last wall, where I have most of my traps set. Unfortunately, the traps aren't quite enough to eliminate non-stop waves of bugs, so many of my good shooters and melee combatants sacrificed during the skirmish.Last resort, I have a doomsday rocket launcher and a minigun stored for massive combats, albeit one of my survivng duos didn't make it to the doomsday rocket launcher, my last colonist faught valiantly and took down 2 incests before being devoured alive by the swarms of crickets.That marks the end of my Colony, and from then I learned four things: 1. Randy is karma, and karma is a ♥♥♥♥♥. 2. Miniguns can't do enough♥♥♥♥♥♥in little time. 3. My colonists get mental breakdown threat from a higher temperature and being in the darkness in 3 seconds. 4. All my snipers are blind and cannot aim.11/10 best game ever, my village was swarmed, now I'm going to drink myself to sleep :("
,Recommended,294100,29697835,Posted: 4 February,all,ThatOddGuy,"Great game, great dev, great modding community (except for the CCL thread) and great updates.It's a must buy if you're a fan of the genre or if you want to get started but Dwarf Fortress seems a little too daunting."
,Recommended,294100,29413329,Posted: 21 January,all,Kayso,10/10Has very good Replayability
76561198031787338,Recommended,294100,29313849,Posted: 17 January,all,Black Adder,"Have been totally addicted to this game since I got it a few weeks ago. I am on my 8th or so colony and so far I have had my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed me each time. I have been playing on Randy Random, rough difficulty with permadeath since I started and I refuse to turn the difficulty down.This game is merciless and will have no problem bending you over and having its way with you. The graphics may be simplistic, but that's not a problem since the level of detail and the playability more than make up for it.  It's still in Alpha; in its current state it could be a full-fledged game.I had a colonist with a brain injury die from smoking a joint. Ouch, didn't see that coming. Talk about killer weed.10/10"
76561198178111945,Recommended,294100,29237503,Posted: 13 January,all,TheCheezeburgerKing,"-Built Super awsome base-Everyone was happy-Bought some chickens from a trader-Hens and Roosters had a great time together-I thought to myself ""Wow so many chickens.""-Chickens ate all the grass in the area and went searching for more-Ship part landed-Was to busy watching chickens grow and reproduce to notice-Ship sent every animal on the map mad-My poor colony of five could not do anything the stop the horde of feathers and beaks-Hurtle was pecked to death-Colony Ruined11/10Would get pecked to death by chickens again"
,Recommended,294100,29121114,Posted: 8 January,all,Excession,"If you like Dwarf Fortress, you are in for a treat with this."
76561198049642277,Recommended,294100,25722170,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,-DI-Quezare,"Here's a story about the settlement of Escalalan:Gil (Giggles), John (Blitz) and Julio crash landed on a strange planet. Unsure of what to do, they quickly built a small shelter and went to sleep.That night, Blitz told Giggles of his love and they began a lovely romatic relationship.Julio, wakes up the next morning only to be ignored by Giggles as she has fallen madly in love with Blitz, who, proposes to her that very day.With the wedding planned, all was going well in the little settlement until...they came.The beavers came out of nowhere, it was not expected. Julio and Blitz went out to tackle the mennace before the trees were all eaten. Julio reached the beavers first. The first shot was fired and the beavers swarmed. They caused Julio to collapse before turning on Blitz who was trailing behind. The beavers took the oportunity to attack Blitz too. With both of them incapacitated, Giggles was the only one left. She waited until the next morning until the beavers had disperced and took the opportunity to rescue her fiancee and her friend.With both Julio and Blitz recovering in the shack, Giggles now needed to step up and do all of the work and harvest the crops that had been planted a few days ago.Infection set in for both Blitz and Julio and it looked like the end. Blitz managed to develop an immunity but Julio did not. He woke up and completely lost his mind and began to attack Blitz. Giggles, forced to protect her lover, attacked and killed Julio. Despite being a cannibal, Giggles allowed Julio to be burried.One year later and three new people had joined the settlement: Danil, Sienna, and Barrick (the local pirate leader). Giggles and Blitz had been happily married and were spending all of their time together. They managed to just get through the winter, thanks to some amazing hunting skills by Danil and Blitz. However, at the beginning of Spring, everything went downhill. A volcanic winter combined with toxic fallout decimated the settlement with everyone but Barrick coming down with toxic poisoning and with Giggles and Danil developing dimentia. With four out the five settlers unable to move due to severe starvation and Barrick unable to harvest crops, the settlement met an untimely end and thus ends the love story of Blitz and Giggles.10/10 - Would destroy settlement with man eating beavers again"
76561197972743620,Recommended,294100,25509459,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Daunmi,"Playing Rimworld is like getting into an abusive relationship. The first time you run out of food and everyone dies you let the game convince you it was your fault. When you keep it happy for long enough to start killing your colonists off with diseases you start looking for where you went wrong.But as things continue you start to realise that no matter how much it tells you it loves you, it's just going to keep tossing fire, random explosions, medicine shortages, degrading clothes, hard to please colonists, raids, rabid animals, solar flares, and more at you, no matter how you try to please it.I hate this game so much, and I can't stop playing. Someone, anyone, help!"
76561198064381260,Recommended,294100,25473872,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,tnzxongg,This game made me believe in Indie titles again.
76561198111865702,Recommended,294100,28085196,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sogetsue,"Brutal, fun, a story that writes itself. I recommend playing on cassandra extreme in permadeath mode for the full experience. 11/10"
,Recommended,294100,29253082,Posted: 14 January,all,OfficialMeanie ⚑☭,"> Live in arctic> No food left and no wild life> Need to eat previously defeated pirates> Everyone goes berzerk> Colony start to catch fire> Everything burns to the ground, including most of our resources> 1 day later cargo pods drop down with foodThanks game :)"
,Recommended,294100,28647039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tay,Awesome game. Fantastic soundtrack. Doesn't feel like an early access game.
,Recommended,294100,28800853,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Haven,"Didn't think I'd like it that much. Turns out im addicted to it. Can't wait for more content, already a great game."
76561198118177576,Recommended,294100,30509865,Posted: 14 March,all,Beaker95,"Set up base, turned anyone who tried to attack me into human leather hats and made a tasty profit. Game of the year."
76561197985222155,Recommended,294100,25078227,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Moryseth,"I never played a game that gives me with so many options to deal with my colony/tribe.There is no need for an end game because it's fun RIGHT NOW at ANY MOMENT.If you play with the recommended difficulty you will have countless hours of creating and losing colony, getting sharper each time on how to handle your colony on multiple aspect.I must say that the first evening I played left me bitter and in the morning I didn't know if I wanted to play again as I found the game tedious. But little more effort I put on trying to understand the game really paid off and a more advanced tutorial should be in Alpha 15.I bought No Man's Sky and it never left me with my head full of the game like RimWorld did.RW, you go to bed a night still strategizing in your head (Stealing precious sleeping time) and you wake up hoping the day at work ends soon so you can play again.Best Moment:- Coping with a depressed guy because he's not Bionic and when he becomes one he's no High on life along with being more efficient.- Having to deal with a no arm colonist who has to eat directly in the fridge and can only do research.- Feeding my spine broken wolf to keep him because if I kill him his master will be sad.- With mod (it's easier) creating a colony of cannibals.- Harvesting body parts.- Installing body parts.- Harvesting the body parts of prisoner who also as an infection, strip him then release him. That was quite horrible but then again they should just stop attacking.- A warg smelling your downed bleeding colonist or pet and it's now coming for a snack.- Micro-managing hunting a bear with limited colonist armed bows and arrows because hunting the few squirrels left won't be enough.- Arresting over and over a colonist because the rest of them a cannibals and he can't cope with it. Then finally when he becomes berserk, arrest him one last time then euthanize him then feast on his death.- And so much much more not told.- And so much content to be added and mods to be enjoyed."
76561198024904471,Recommended,294100,25775431,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GreedyR,"First Day: Mother and daughter running from pirates beg for salvation. I accept. Mother goes crazy and shoots our dog in the head. The Dog survives and permanently cripples the mother.Also, everyone ate the pirates."
,Recommended,294100,25474375,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ArrogantLife,"First attempt. Permadeath mode, cause why not you know.after months of work finally, my colony is starting to stabalize. The people are happy and well cared for and the prisoners from raids are well monitored and slowely coming along to my side.When I discover an ancient evil in the side of a mountain and decide to dig into it. Break the wall down and out pour five naked sex slaves running for their life. I desperately try to fend off the robotic bugs that are chasing them down but can't do much with my primitive weapons. Then suddenly from within the cave dozens of arrows come flying out. murdering sex slaves and scarabs alike. I think that perhaps this is some miracle come to save me and my new potential recruits, when suddenly a giant robotic centipede crawls through the break in the wall and proceeds to decimate my colonists. I only hope some traders happened across my home and made good use of the ample stock of supplies left behind.10/10 would release ancient evil and attempt to rescue sex slaves again."
76561198013688222,Recommended,294100,25477451,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mizzick,230 hours and I am only now beginning to slow down. Games rarely hold my attention these days. Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,294100,24683519,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Con-Severis,The only game i've played where you can have canablistic cyborgs yet still be considered civil.10/10
,Recommended,294100,24727314,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Grunt,"Got some mods, started a new colony, Rich Explorer, random narrator guy... It was going great! Suddenly, a goddamn space ship part crashes right ontop of my lone colonist's head while he was happily picking mushrooms off the ground.Game over.10/10."
,Recommended,294100,25627250,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Baconsaber,"This looks like a good spot to settle this colony.....until a monkey goes mad and kills you all.I'm building in to a mountain to better prepare against monkeys....until Starship Troopers happens and kills you all.I'm going to prepare better this time to protect against mad monkeys and giant insects.....until a group of raiders steals all my food.This is how it goes.  And it is awesome.5/7, would recommend.  Already a better game than No Man's Sky."
76561198267639791,Recommended,294100,24917605,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rubicon,"Its in Alpha, and already has MORE content than NMS.   10/10"
,Recommended,294100,24962293,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Raz,"I can finally live my dream of being a nudist, with other nudists'"
76561197970057929,Recommended,294100,24663717,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rune,"Had a dog.This dog had puppies next to a fox who ate all of the puppies.This dog decided to play with bullets in a fire fight and get its tail blown off.This dog decided to have a heart attack in the middle of a raid.This dog decided to play in nuclear fallout and get cancer.This dog decided to go berserk when only one colonist was standing and incapacitate said colonist, causing the doom of the colonly, then run outside to get its head smashed in by a raider.10/10 would lose colony to dog again."
76561197993681308,Recommended,294100,25093231,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,UNCLE TOBYS,Day 71. A pack of man hunting boomrats decide to arive in the morning.restricted my colonist to stay within the base.ex-colonist / murderer Levy locked in prision.boomrats decide to gather in the empty area out the front of the prison enterance.Levy decides its a good time to break out of prison.Levy breaks down cell door then prison enterance door.greated by boom rats.10/10 would welcome boomrats again.
76561198074563216,Recommended,294100,25061981,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,jw5743,"Amazing game. Really. I can't stop playing. Fought off some bandits, fought a heat wave. Things were going good. Then, out of nowhere two forest fires blaze up. ( I assume my pyro did it without me seeing) One was raging from the west, the other the south. Was beginning to look like my colony was doomed. Then as my two lone fireman fought the blaze helplessly, it began to rain. 10/10. Would rain dance IRL again."
76561198035663022,Recommended,294100,25133630,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Green_Triangle,"A pack of chinchillas went crazy and attacked my colony.Four people: one with a rifle, two with pistols, and one with a knife - vs. 8 chinchillas.Colonist casualties: 4Chinchilla casualties: 110/10 For realism. Chinchillas are no joke."
,Recommended,294100,25118425,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mole Molinski,This game is amazing.  Get deep.  Think hard.  Everything matters.
,Recommended,294100,24895665,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nimmy,"Put on basebuilder (easy) setting.  Doing pretty good up until a lightning storm, so I send my guys out to put out some fires - but one of my guys doesn't firefight.  He instead decides to clean so there is nothing to do.   Meanwhile I'm busy with the fire and one of my guys flips out and starts shooting everyone.  I send my guys to stop him - meanwhile the cleaning guy decides the rocks need to be cleaned, inside a ring of fire.  He gets trapped inside and starts requesting help - just as a pack of animals decides it's a good time to attack my people.  While I'm fighting off the wildlife my guys are down for the count.  I manage to get everything stopped and get my two injured people to drag back two unconcious people.I quickly put those guys in hospital beds, but the cleaner dies - and the crazy shooter actually lives and starts getting better.  As I have my game on fast forward he stumbles out of his hospital bed tho and takes a nap in my freezer - dying from the cold and being frozen before I even realized what happened.  Meanwhile one of the two remaining guys gets in a fight with an angry bear - then a group of exploding buffalo come so I say screw it, and send my last guy out with a knife to end the game.The republicans would blame this all on Obama."
,Recommended,294100,25195181,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Waffles,"Easily one of the best games I've played this year. The developer is actively working on the game and taking community suggestions, and constantly improving the game. Highly recommeneded if you enjoy management games."
,Recommended,294100,24648006,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Sverd of the Great Vale,"Colonist went mental because an 'innocent' prisoner died in custody. She started attacking her beloved dog, whose wounds later became irreversibly infected. Sold the dog to another tribe. Colonist went mental again, so I had her knocked unconscious. Dog died before the tribe could leave my colony.Butchered the dog...Colonist ate a 'meal' upon regaining consciousness...Excellent game."
76561198171882882,Recommended,294100,25558649,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Evernight,"This are the final moments of my first colony (that actually lasted for a week).This one guy who was the resident mele specialist got upset because his pet chicken (emu but whatever) was bitten by a cobra and died, so he eventually went berserk... and proceeded to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out and ended breaking two of his colleagues' legs... while at the same time, a generator exploded and lit the whole camp on fire.Meanwhile raiders showed up and stole the only woman in the camp... who was coincidentally the guy's lover.... this was on medium difficulty.... anyway... the rain had put out the fire by this point however there was no more food in the camp... or so i thought.... So...... Seeing as though Mr lucky just couldn't be bothered for a while.... because he was having a strong psychotic break... and was humping a plant for about a day non-stop... both guys with broken legs died off because there was nobody to get them the propper treatment.... I'm fairly certain that the cessation of their anguish-infused cries for help had diminished the number of voices in Mr lucky's head who, at this point, had exhausted himself and collapsed on the floor... sleeping like a baby for about a day.... I'm curious whether he noticed his lover's dissapearance.It gets weirder...Mr lucky here, who i swear was basically Lecter in the movie Red Dragon... during the philharmonic crew dinner party scene (i.e. just waiting for an excuse to eat someone)... seeing as though he didn't even stop to think about it for just a second... had woken up, and then immediately proceeded to cannibalize on one of their corpses.... then got depressed again and was eventually bitten by the cobra that killed his pet during a failed attempt to exact revenge on the scaly ♥♥♥♥er.... did i mention that it was his ♥♥♥♥ing birthday?on a side note, here's my opinion of this game : ""Love it. Needs more work. Definetly worth it.""... oh and Mr. Lucky killed the cobra... had recovered from the snake bite after a few agonizing days... buried what remained of the now rotting corpses that were once his closest friends in a beautiful cemetery where he planted everyone's favourite flowers.... then mined straight into an ancient tomb with things that insta-killed his♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045548443,Recommended,294100,25624453,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Protocol47,"Ernie Stozka was a good man. He was the best crafter/blacksmith/tailor a colony could hope for. Raised as a mercenary, he was the best shot in the whole colony, and could be relied upon to produce weapons very quickly. He was also quite a cook.But in the back of my mind I knew, in his fragile mortal state, I would someday lose Ernie. Much like all our lives, it was inevitable. I imagined him going out in a blaze of glory defending the colony, or eventually dying of old age in his bed, surrounded by friends and family. However, being ""accidentally"" shot by the man who stole his wife was not what I envisioned.They were both drafted to attack a chicken eating wolf, which they were able to down in a few shots. Miles, the colonial surgeon and HOME WRECKING A** HAT, was to perform the coup-de-gras. Somehow, while aiming at a creature lying at his feet, ON THE GROUND, he managed to shoot Ernie through the eye (several feet above and to the left of his target), killing him instantly. Miles was quickly arrested under suspicion of Murder. Sienna, Ernie's ex-wife, was also detained under suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. Their trial was brief and definitive.Ernie was laid to rest in a silver sarcophagus covered with intricate, soul-wrenching artwork created by the Lauren, best artist available. Miles and that cheating b***h Sienna were sealed in a small cave deep inside of a granite mountain. After a few days Miles ended up cracking and beating Sienna to death shortly before succumbing to starvation himself.10/10, would deliver righteous frontier justice again"
,Recommended,294100,26402008,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Zedominus,"Why are you looking at reviews just get this game. Do it! Do it now!In all seriousness though this game is just jam packed with content. Different biomes, seasons, weather, temperature, animals/creatures, pirate raids, etc. It's a different experience every time you start a new game and you can tweak the difficulty accordingly. If you love tower defence, base building, strategy, and survival games look no further this is the game for you.However if you like 3D games with amazingly beautiful graphics then look elsewhere because it's not here, but by all means give it a try though. There's always the refund option if you don't like it. It's just a small team that developed this game with Tynan being the brains behind the operation and they DO listen to feedback given by the community. That being said this is in Early Access but it plays like a finished game. You can even run this on a potato if that's your fancy. Enough said."
76561197985127806,Recommended,294100,26375918,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sazüke,Want your own borderland's bandits tribe?Welcome to Rimworld RimHunters!!100/10 still banging
76561198010064763,Recommended,294100,26377400,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Death Hunter- Novaboy_572,"The best survival crafting game ever. Do not let the graphics fool you it is way more complex then that. A list of realism you wont find in many other top name games even.1. You can choose to take prisoners and make a jail house.  You can choose options on the prisoner once taken like medical care they recieve, food they eat, and if you want to execute them or recruite them into your faction. Also you can carve there body up for spare body parts for your faction members who lost parts of there body. that leads to number 2.2. When in combat with other pirate factions or rebels or even the grizzly bear. You can have your members body parts like pinky finger blown off or eye was severly poked and you can medically doctor your own members if you have a skilled doctor not all survive the operation due to the skills your people have and the peg leg or bionic leg for example your installing.3. unlike forest village your members can farm and actually survive a winter blizzard or freak blight.4. you can make your own clothes, guns, beds, furniture, research and upgrade from a tribal village to a massive futuristic space hub or even a tyrancial mechanised pirate faction my favorite any visitors or traders travel through my area i kill or capture whoever i can to build my faction stronger against forces.5. They have  seiges where other factions build a bunker and mortar system in my case in what happened to me. And destroyed one of my members blew off my legs and eyes and hand i survived this attack barely but wasnt expecting it.there is so much i still havent learned or seen while playing this game i spent so many hours playing this its too addicting. i can keep going with the list but i dont think you want to read a novel. I highly recommend playing it for a few hours and figure out how to do things. the mods are highly recommended to make it a little easier and to have more customization availability. Live on Rim World this game is going places."
76561198148556201,Recommended,294100,26690561,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Black Templar,"It's great. No, realy... it is. It's the perfect combination of survival, building sims and management. It's amazing fun and the best part is: IT'S STILL AN ALPHA!! The game is so complete already and there is still more content incoming... its fantastic! This game may sell for 30 something, but it should be worth 50."
76561198166439650,Recommended,294100,26112230,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Punpunguy,"Every time I play this game, I don't want to stop, when I do, its because I got into trouble for playing too much"
76561198065112145,Recommended,294100,26203012,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kanye's Final Form,your colonist was torn apart by a boar chaingangyour colonist died of hypothermiayour colonist wasted lots of your resourcesyour colonist doesn't like this cozy bedroom you just designedyour colonist ate another colonist and is now moderately displeased with their lifestyleyour colonists will never succeed.10/10
,Recommended,294100,24609936,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Omega535,"Frozen Mountain: Day 15We have managed to dig a base inside a mountain and are surviving by mixing crops with hunt. Couples are starting to form. We are currently researching electricity.7 Villagers RemainingCold snap, temperature goes down 40 degrees. All the crops are gone instantly.No problem: we have enough food for a season and we'll plant some crops inside the mountain just in case.The roof breaks in a bedroom, villager goes insane from cold, runs out of base and gets killed by wolves.Cold snap passes, resources are low, temperatures aren't rising much since we're in late fall.We start going on long hunting trips but everything is dead.Almost no more wood for heat, the tree have all been burned for heat/cooking.It's too cold indoors even for crops, they stop growing.Leader kills a man after he rejects her advances.Sister of deceased starts eating our remaining food in her room, she catches a cold and dies.4 Villagers RemainingSome big furry white animals appear, kill 4 of them and butcher for food, hunter/beasttamer killed by wild boar.Villager leader has an infection and a flu -> dies without so much as an ""atchoo"".2 Villagers RemainingWellRounded is keeping NoManualLabor villager alive. NoManualLabor goes berserk from having seen all his friends die and starts killing our remaining animals.WellRounded tries to stop NoManualLabor with his fists and gets killed in the process.NoManualLabor gets bitten by the last remaining husky and is left to die in the kitchen. Husky saves him from death 24 hours later by bringing him in bed.Travelling nomads come by to trade. NoManualLabor is incapacitated so no contact, the nomads get bored after a day so they steal our food give it to their bears.NoManualLabor dies from an untreated infection.10/10 Would go through frozen hell again."
76561198029457470,Recommended,294100,24369795,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Haza,Best organ-harvestesting and cannabalism simulator on Steam. 10/10 should buy.
,Recommended,294100,24540964,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BadNetCode,"PROSThis game is absolutely brutal \m/Though it's in Early Access, I would almost consider it full-featured already (definitely still some major fixes/additions I'm waiting on)Astoundingly detailed character health/skills/personality/mood - love it. Like The Sims ""needs"" system with Dwarf Fortress injuries and equipment.Weather, seasons, temperatureMods up the butt!Random occurrances such as pirate raids, visitors, heatwaves, rabid animals, and toxic smog keep the game interestingIf you don't take care of them, colonists go berserk and start murdering their own -- just like in the USA!Pets <3 (it's really something special when your colonists run around naked and yell at trees because their cat died)Prisons and prisoner recruitingand organ harvestingMEHThe game world only exists in 2 dimensions. As a result, resources can be much scarcer than in Dwarf Fortress and similar games. Mining only gets you so far, then you need to sell crops, animals, art, or people to trade for things like steel and gold. This would be alright, except you've no idea how long you may need to wait before someone willing to trade comes along with the resources you want.CONSOne wrong click in combat and your dudes will straight murder eachother. A friendly fire toggle with some kind of simple combat AI would be nice. All I want is for the colonist with the shotgun to take a step to the side before splattering friendly melons everywhere!"
76561197997616847,Recommended,294100,25396668,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Wilburforce137,"""King of Swamp Castle: When I first came here, this was all swamp. Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built in all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England. ""-Monty Ppython and the Holy GrailYou will build a settlement.  You will be attacked by wild animals.  Someone will die.You will build a settlement.  You will be attacked by raiders.  Someone will die.You will build a settlement.  You will defend it.  You will be doing quite well for yourself.  Then one of your colonists will go crazy and turn cannibal on the others in the middle of the night.  You will take them out, but not before they kill the doctor and severly injure the others.  The wounds will become infected and there will be nothing you can do about it...everyone will die.[My actual first colony]  You will build a settlement.  You will be attacked repeatedly by raiders.  You will fend them off.  You will expand your settlement.  Then come the boomrats...they will incapacitate all your colonists but one, he will kill them, but not before they set your main building on fire...he will drag his injured colonists into the building to recover...he will go to sleep.  Guess what?  Your savior does not fight fires; the building burns down while everyone is in bed, incapacitated or sleeping...This game is as frustrating as it is fun; a procedureally generated world with procedurally generated characters and procedurally generated events.  Yes, it is not the most graphically enhanced game; it shares the same general style as Prison Architect...but it makes up for it in surprising depth of character.  It is simple in concept and complex in action; a resource/structure (colony) management game with a Firefly vibe.You get attached to your colonists.You celebrate their victories.You mourn their losses....I for one forsee wasting a lot of hours on this game."
76561198008057658,Recommended,294100,25405070,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,madhatterand,"Ok i have just about 20 hours in the game so i think its time for a tale of a colony .....My 3rd City named aptly Korriban started from one crash landed jedi along with his saber and jedi cloak ( mod). He proceeded to single handdly build a small settlement for about 3 people, as he sensed he would have more members in his group. Shortly there after, a large well built fella wandered in and without asking joined the colony. Being brought up in the ways of the force .. he assumed tha man was sent by the force for some purpose. Oh there was a purpose. The man's name was Bron and he was strong and liked to tell others what to do , but refused to do any labor. The young Jedi was still fine with what the force had put in front of him, yet occassionally one of them would get hurt or a little sick. It threatened to deplete their stocks due to time not working. But certified docter they had not.But the Force will provide and had the two of them not just said that very thing but the phone rings and there is a doctor who is in need of sanctuary, but he is being chased by bad people. The Jedi of course offers to help the young doctor and prtect him. The two attackers were no match for a Jedi and both were captured, locked in jail, and treated for saber burns. A doctor they now had.Not two days after a band of chickens displaced from their homeland decide to join the colony. The Jedi sensed the force at work here and was glad. Little did he know it was the Dark Side of the Force doing that work....As the chickens made their way to the colony they came across Bron who suddenly got ill. He was taken to the doctor who attended him and treated the mystery illness. The Jedi decided now was the perfect time to seperate all of them into their own houses so he proceeds to build a two new houses for Bron and Doc. Little did he know how badly he would be needed. While Doc was attending a survivor of a ship crash right outside the colony, Bron woke in a fevered beserk rage and started trying to kill Doc. He suceeds in knowcking out Doc before the Jedi can make it in the building , but the Jedi does save Docs life and manages to subdue Bron without killing him. The Jedi suveys the scene and puts both men on a medical bed. He is no doctor, he doesnt know what to do other than feed them and bring them water. Oh if only he had listened more closely to these studies at the academy. All of a sudden Doc gets up in a beserk rage and tries to kill the Jedi. Doc is easily over powered and out matched in this fight. The Jedi is unable to subdue Doc without harming him.The Jedi proceeds to feed the two prisoners and the two medical wards for the next 3 days not having time for much else except eating and sleeping himself. As he feels like this is futile he is besiged by raiders who are in beserk rage from crossing paths with the chickens. They are slaughtering everything moving. The Jedi is unsure how he will protect everyone by himself. He is inside, buyt can hear them taunting him from without. As he tries to steel himself for battle, he realizes that Bron and the Doc are up... and are trying to come at him with blood in their eyes... This was the end for our colony... The Bird Flu is not a hoax but an agent of the Dark Side!10/10 would let everyone get bird flu and kill each other again!"
,Recommended,294100,25037084,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Khorrosion,You can harvest your prisoners' organs and sell them as slaves. 10/10 Would euthanize again.
,Recommended,294100,25017428,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Neuschwanstein,This is one of the best games ive ever played.
,Recommended,294100,25018971,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Alan Coolton,♥♥♥♥in' love it don't I. Pirated it at first tbh but I bought it because it's way worth the dosh lads
,Recommended,294100,25530971,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,The Ataman,Tynan's Magnum Opus !
,Recommended,294100,26143311,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,margrave16,This game is going to be phenomonal when it's done.
76561198026451162,Recommended,294100,25954603,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,O Tempora!,"You choose one of 3 ai storytellers at the beginning of the game. They throw everything they can at you to burn, freeze, slaughter, starve or otherwise wipe you're beloved flegling settlement off the map. Your settlers each have their own skills and foibles which flesh them out and distinguish them. This is fundamentally a game about optimally allocating time and scant resources to meet the unrelenting disasters the game throws at you, but the settler traits and events give the world a touch of life and narrative beyond the bare strategy mechanics.The game is still being developed, but is fun to to play and feels complete in it's current form."
,Recommended,294100,25974781,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,jon,"Alpha 16 review.Early Access is a dangerous place to buy a game. I've been burned, specifically Towns (which is sad, because I rather enjoyed it). Many devs have the issue of not balancing out features with objectives (in-game, or the content to be able to come up with your own). Rust gets dull quickly, with most time spent leveling up, and Townes had a breaking point that you could reach within a few hours.The developer of Rimworld, however, has done a very good job of balancing out features and things to do in a Early Access Game. Hell, I put in 50 hours of playtime last week. Almost no bugs, and nothing that is gamebreaking.Lots of animals, character traits, backstory, mystery, and events.The ""ancient engine of hate"" line about the psychic drone gave me tingles, and reminded me of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.All in all, one of the only Early Access games that is worth buying in Early Access. The developer could say that this is a completed game, and I would feel it was worth the $30 that I paid. The developer, last I heard, is still working hard at updates!Pretty big mod catalog and support too, but I can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to actually deal with modding and keeping things up to date. As the game is still actively being updated, you don't have the mod stability you find with Skyrim or Rise of the Reds.All in all, worth the $30 I paid for it."
76561198016219487,Recommended,294100,28121730,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,monkeyboy246,"a game not for everyone, but personally found it very enjoyable for the short term. the game gives you options ranging from easy as pie, to death pirates will try to kill you every other day.  choosing climate and territory will also affect how your settlement grows, and you have good options on how to prioritize your people's tasks so you dont need to micro manage them all day once you take a few minutes to set them up. late game does get a bit boring and  repetitive as you simply wait for traders to show up with rare materials so you can build your ship. but for anyone who enjoys the sims or civilization type games, this is a good choice to whet your appetite between installments and expansions."
,Recommended,294100,29394939,Posted: 21 January,all,Sarelth,"Rimworld is a quickly growing powerhouse of a game. If you like Colony Simulation and random events that can thwart the best laid plans, I would highly recommend giving it a try. The modding community is also very active with many mods available both on the Ludeon forums and in the Steam workshop.It's worth every penny I spent on it and I would buy it again in a heartbeat."
76561198028153793,Recommended,294100,29462549,Posted: 24 January,all,bmorve,Super fun and extremely addictive. Start playing at your own risk as it will consume you.
76561198170135565,Recommended,294100,29467391,Posted: 24 January,all,Technix145,Why am I getting emotionally attached...to a 21 year old asthmatic woman...in a VIDEO GAME?!
,Recommended,294100,29961290,Posted: 16 February,all,Poopalo,10/10
,Recommended,294100,29880512,Posted: 12 February,all,šved,"when i go to make food irl, i think about sending one of my colonists to do it"
76561198065980876,Recommended,294100,29304675,Posted: 16 January,all,ThatFailTroll,"Amazing Game, I have played 72 hours in the last two weeks. Mods ensure this game never gets stale, and yet the base game has so much to offer all on its own. Highly recomended if you enjoy base builders/colony management games."
76561198087231365,Recommended,294100,29649319,Posted: 2 February,all,AlphaMarauder,"ok here is a story of rim world, ive got a population of 10, 8 of them are women and two guys i dont get to chose the gender so dont make any jokes. actually one was a slave i brought emmie sex slave besides the point (good cook).one of the guys was cutting wood and got attacked by a bear, by the time i got everyone there to help him it had ripped his leg off, so he is sitting in the hospital bed for about a year in the game and i wanted to kill him cause it was a hard winter and had little food left but didnt want to hurt morale so i deal with itThen i learn i can give him a robotic leg but it costs a♥♥♥♥♥♥tone so i save for ages and a trade come along and sells me one pretty cheap this version i have a opperation done on himworks he walks out smokes a joint and sits and eat a fine cooked meal gets into a fight with the other male and he dies from getting beaten to death.so can i get a rip for dave, the miner?10/10 lost some weekends"
76561198054156673,Recommended,294100,29632387,Posted: 1 February,all,Mishka,"Very awesome. The only game where the thickness of walls actually affects temperature exchanges. Like a dream came true.And the more intricate it is, the more fanny it gets - so I'm looking forward to see more additional aspects to play with."
76561198173817965,Recommended,294100,29831773,Posted: 10 February,all,qwertypoiu12,best game 10/10
76561198037715347,Recommended,294100,29845932,Posted: 11 February,all,noize,"This is one of those gems you rarely encounter. I mean, what an awesome game this is. Absolutely worth the price tag.I keep coming back to this game and try to create the perfect balance between my base and settlers.Never used any mods, only played vanilla so far, and it's great as it is.10/10 !"
76561197975034299,Recommended,294100,30021302,Posted: 18 February,all,Muadeeb,"♥♥♥♥ this game man.♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics, still in alpha.. It's taken my life ..so godamn fun...Replayable and so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do..Setup freezers!!!!"
76561197973739470,Recommended,294100,30073361,Posted: 20 February,all,[DPST] Wee Baby Seamus,"This is by far one of the best games I have ever purchased!-The game is worth $50 IMO+ This game has thought of EVERYTHING when it comes to mechanics and tactics+ Tons of mods and the dev is all about it+ Dev team is super involved with this game, with TONs on updates, large game changing updates+Check out some videos on it, itll get you excited- Only thing I'd LOVE!! to see is Coop introduced, I am sure itll come some time but, Coop would take this game from a 12/10 to a 20/10!!!Buy it now! why are you waiting!! Seriously though...just do it, you will not regret it!!!!Best Purchase I've made on steam in the 12 Years ive been on steam!!!"
,Recommended,294100,29468099,Posted: 24 January,all,Berdandy,"I started a rich single person game. My guy, Venjamin, is a pacifist, incapable of violence. All was going well.  Just as I was about to build turrets, a rabid racoon shows up. Venjamin screams and runs away.  I attempt to get him back into the house before he dies; he gets bit and scratched along the way, but makes it back.  He crawls into bed. The rabid racoon eventually goes away. Then a new person shows up! Venjamin is saved!  I make the new guy, Doug, a doctor. He sucks. Venjamin succumbs to infection. Doug's dog goes insane with grief and goes manhunter.  The husky attacks Doug. Doug kills the husky. Inside the house, which is now a scene of carnage.  However, Doug is a slob and refuses to clean. He's on the verge of mental breakdown because he's living in a murder scene. In a heatwave.  Doug is currently recovering from his scratches in the same medical bed as Venjamin's corpse.  Which is right next to the dog's corpse, because Doug refuses to clean anything.11/10 would contract rabies again."
76561198264767074,Recommended,294100,26057523,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,land.amanda,Blink and you have been playing for hours. I recommend it.
,Recommended,294100,32955464,Posted: 28 June,all,Gunslinger,<3
,Recommended,294100,32969118,Posted: 28 June,all,StennosTV,"Very short playtime, but I'm already in love. I've watched many playthroughs on Twitch. I'll be hooked on this game for a long time to come, I'm sure."
,Recommended,294100,32968870,Posted: 28 June,all,skittza,One of the best games on steam.
,Recommended,294100,32912152,Posted: 27 June,all,LunaticS0UL,"Did you ever hear the tragedy of Moonloop the Isloated?I thought not. It's not a tale the internet would tell you.Moonloop was a community on Pathos II, so small and self contained, it could defend itself from anything, so long as it posed no physical danger. Moonloop hosted three survivors: Gerda, Satriki, and Rogesh. Gerda, the computer. So skilled and precise, she could save anyone seconds from death. The other two were pointless horrible people, a father and son escaped from the orbiting prison.Our story begins with the creation of a simple barracks. Each of our survivors built their own beds with wood harvested from the nearby woods. ''Twas a small thing, but well lit and joyful. The cat slept next to Gerda. Over the next few weeks, the team established themselves. Gerda researched advanced technology, while the other two focused on brute work, either collecting and rearranging their belongings or hunting.One day, one rainy summer day, Gerda set out to construct a new system of production to keep the community alive. She collected the silver she needed, then walked across the map to her workplace. Satriki and Rogesh left for a hunting trip. The cat seemed to have bonded with our terrible excon friend Rogesh.You see, Gerda never liked security. She saw beautification and benefits as crucial to survival. Make it pretty, she insisted, and nobody will attack it.As those ♥♥♥♥ing awful people marched on toward their hunting spot, tragedy struck the beautiful roadside community of Moonloop. A deranged leopard, driven to madness by the excon's effective hunting or, rather, extinctification, of the local wildlife, approached the small research facility built within Moonloop. Gerda looked on at her work as the omniscient god they called ""LunaticS0UL"" helped the excons hunt. The leopard approached slowly.The excons returned home hours later, tens of bodies stacked on their carrier. The two collapsed on their beds after dropping off the corpses in the processing room. ""Where is Gerda?"" they must have wondered. The answer would not wait to show itself.The following morning, Rogesh awoke early, realizing he hasn't seen the cat since returning home. He wandered about the camp, spurred on by his god. In the top of the screen, a splash of blood. He approached slowly, then faster, then faster still. Drops became puddles became a pool. In the pool laid a pile of bones.Cat bones.He turned on a dime, scanning the nearby research room for any sign of help. He found Gerda lying in a similar pool of blood, claw marks covering her weak body. She was still breathing. She still had a pulse. He picked her up and sprinted back to the barracks, dropped Gerda in a bed, and searched for a medkit. The last one was several units away, on the other side of the map. He dropped everything, waking Satriki on his way out. Satriki would watch her and keep pressure on her wounds. Rogesh sprinted to the medkit, grabbed it, and sprinted back. But, as he entered the barracks, he realized that he had forgotten a crucial detail.Satriki and Rogesh hasn't been trained in medical techniques. They could not help. They could only watch as Gerda passed on.Gerda's death, stacked with the cat's death by leopard, broke Satriki. He took out the knife he always kept on him since escaping the prison and looked at his father. With fatal precision, he killed his aging father and ran. He reached the edge of the map and stopped. What now? Satriki stayed there for a while until he could think again. Satriki couldn't do anything outside of hunt. His whole life he had been a slave to Gerda. He couldn't survive without her advanced machinery which, for some reason, only she seemed to understand. Satriki spent his last few days attempting to scrap together a refinery table in order to eat. He died of food poisoning and starvation where he stood.Ironic. Moonloop could protect its inhabitants from boredom, but nothing else. Nothing real.RimWorld is drop-dead (pun somewhat intended) amazing. It uses AI to create events (like the leopard spawning) then you create your own story by reacting to it. If Gerda hadn't been a moron and would've invested some time in a trap or two, the story would have been completely different. It's AMAZING. Buy it."
,Recommended,294100,24975156,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,OnyxD,"I always wanted to play Dwarf Fortress but could never be bothered to learn the crazy and arcane interface. Rimworld allows me to play this emergent simulation style of game without having the UI getting in the way, and the end product is compelling.It's relaxing watching your colonists going about their jobs and interacting, slowly building up your facility. It's not so relaxing when your colonist has a mental break because of a squirrel bite and ends up shooting the doctor and setting fire to the stores."
76561198046178784,Recommended,294100,27262693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Cuddly Tomato,Addicting game with tons of replayability. Very active modding scene. Developer who actually loves his game and brings great updates and is active within the community. Even though it is in Alpha it plays and runs like a finished product. 10/10
,Recommended,294100,32719912,Posted: 24 June,all,Helios,"one of the best games i ever played, buy this if it appeals to you, i'm 100% certain you will love it."
,Recommended,294100,30401553,Posted: 8 March,all,Sueness,"If you want to step up your casual gaming from The Sims series to something more extreme, RimWorld is it. Its difficulty rivals Dwarf Fortress, but there are easier difficulties (and three different 'storytellers' that control what happens) that you could pretend like you're playing The Sims. Plus, there's no household cap of 8! Anyone that survives, crashing into your colony - or enemies you capture from a raid - you can *convince* them to join your colony and become a part of the family. :)Once you're comfortable with observing your Sims, I mean, colonists get cozy - bump up the difficulty for hordes of your neighbors, space pirates, and even space alien robots. No one could make fun of you for that.This game is really addictive and there are so many ways you can play it. You can treat it like a Sims game with minimal horrifying events, or a challenge to keep the longest standing colony despite waves and waves of things-trying-to-kill-you, or.. you can just see if you can make it past one colony, over and over again.The community is very active! Reddit, Discord, and other forums. The dev(s) communicate with the community and they love the game as much as we do. There are so, so, so many mods - and some that are practically expansion packs to the game!With randomization (seeds & events), high quality mods, and the ongoing major update - the game has so much replayability. It's really, really fun - I really can't recommend it enough. This is the most amount of hours I've put into a Steam game. I really recommend it.Of course, sure, you can make people into hats."
,Recommended,294100,32733271,Posted: 24 June,all,DannyLee | CasualHoops.com,A great game to get lost in all of it's complexity and randomness.  9/10
76561198120929332,Recommended,294100,32939130,Posted: 28 June,all,schildiddy,Who needs graphics when we have complex disfunctional interpersonal relationships.
,Recommended,294100,28802717,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[TAS] Lt_PliskinAJ,"When I first saw it I was thinking Prison Architect and while they have some similar visuals it does feel like a completely different game. Think of it more like the sims with violence and mental break downs. The first atempt at the game I went for the 3 in a crashed ship didn't like that method so I went wtih the rich colonist.In the first month of his landing he got a fellow colonist, got shot and kidnaped, rescued, his dog got its leg shot off and died. A 3rd colonist came was a drunk and addicted to drugs and would have psychopathic breaks and ended up dieing. The 4th member was an run away and died shortly after due to an infection."
,Recommended,294100,32945871,Posted: 28 June,all,Sargos,"This is probably my favorite game of all time. It combines the core game play of Dwarf Fortress, social and strategic elements, and a simple and effective user experience into one package. The base game provides a lot of variety and will provide a challenge for hundreds of hours but when you add Steam Workshop mods into the game it has a nearly endless replayability."
76561198063824871,Recommended,294100,32071767,Posted: 30 May,all,Roderick ''Blutbad'' Feldrank,"Rimworld has become one of my favourite game ever. Since I bought it a year ago, the game has constantly been improved. Although it is still labelled as an alpha game, it is already very much polished and getting improved with news things and bug fixes, similarily like what Prison Architect used to evolve.Recommended for anyone who wants a base bulding game with combat, trade, storytelling and RPG elements. Beware the steep learning curve and the difficulty, although the different AI storyteller can be configured to be more or less gentle with you.10/10, would eat my prisonners again !"
76561197982896161,Recommended,294100,29636410,Posted: 1 February,all,Nenvolk,"I love this game :)It's a micro-management basebuilding game, where you control a group of people (it can be a group of one), trying to survive and build a spaceship to get off the planet. To get that far you have to build  a base, collect ressources and build defend the base against hostiles. But I guess you already know this, so I will just do a pro and con list:Pros:-Micromange or Macromanage. You choose how detailed you will control your survivors.-Flexible game. There is alot of potential for Mods, and there are already alot available on Steam Workshop.-Flexible game setup. You can choose several modes, and find more through Steam Workshop. This gives it alot of replayability.-I love that you can give your survivors cyborg arms, legs and eyes. There could be other replacements, like ears, but maybe they will come later :)-All setups are created from XML files (located at Steam\steamapps\common\RimWorld\Mods\Core\Defs). This means if you want rabbits to be super killers you can change their fighting abilities by changing the hitpoints and damage in the XML file, and presto!  Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer! You can also change the value of animals and alot of different things. It is recommended to take a backup of the files you change ;)Con:-Some random events can just end the game. Like dry thunderstorm when you only have 2  survivors, and everything burns down, leaving you with no ressources or base (true story). When you have enough survivors you can fight the fires off, but if not...-Sometimes the random generated map will just create an awful starting place. When this happens I just drop it and starts a new game. Even if it can be fun to play a hard game, it usually means everything takes ALOT of time (for instance if there is almost no steel or almost no components, you need to buy it from friends).-Some of the progress is too dependant of some specific ressources (as mentioned above). It would be cool if there where several paths through the invention tree."
,Recommended,294100,26793089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salakis[CPC],"The game that says ""Wait, what if something went wrong instead?"""
76561198012280892,Recommended,294100,27608187,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shino,One of the most addicting Early Access Games I've ever played.
76561198093514493,Recommended,294100,27772700,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Good Ol' Plague Doctor,What day is it?
76561198147076563,Recommended,294100,29040057,Posted: 5 January,all,slingdong ()()()()()(),"Did not like it at all.. I get why everyone is sooo excited about it and how all the choices makes it more fun.Eating human flesh is always good when you are starving but why he gotto go into a crazy spiral just for that?When survival is key what`s a little liver or maybe if you prefer the heart over a nice cozy fireplace or maybeyou the evolved type and cook your meat in the kitchen? Maybe building is what you like with the walls and allthat♥♥♥♥♥♥and with that axe they got for chopping down trees but not for protection cause hey who would like to encountera pack of wolfes with a axe when you got good ol` knify.. Maybe hunting is what you prefer? Get rekt animals when huntingbut beware cause a rat on a rampage is something you do not want to encounter when on a bazooka raid.. (they got bazooka`s??) anyways what i was saying about rats, they run away from a rampaging rat? Thought the electrical cord would save me from the rats but they kept coming. Stopped playing after that but after typing this♥♥♥♥♥♥i think i like it...."
76561198162021711,Recommended,294100,29050260,Posted: 5 January,all,Jablome,Had my entire colony wiped out by a angry pack of beavers 10/10
,Recommended,294100,26262138,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Stubscibble,It's easy to get attached to your colonists. It's also easy for them to die. Expect feels.
,Recommended,294100,30110865,Posted: 22 February,all,ViciousGuineaPig,This game will put the can back in Cannibalism!
,Recommended,294100,30241382,Posted: 28 February,all,[Weed] GingerPotato,The 150.7 hours of my life I never regret spending on. The amount of user generated mods is amazing. If only there are ways to include increase the number of floors a base can have. It will definitely become a 10/10 insteaed of a 9/10 now.
,Recommended,294100,27153208,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chib,"Colony building insanity, do whatever you want and then get everyone killed."
76561197975724479,Recommended,294100,26952153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grommit,"Need to get that defence turret completed before the pirates arrive?  No problems your workers will get right onto it... as soon as they finish cloud watching... or praying at the graves where the prevous pirates that tried to murder them were buried.  Joy is a big thing to your little in game avatars and if they don't get enough they can possibly throw a tantrum, hide in their room or get naked and wander aimlessly in the snow and freeze.Managing the mental wellbieng of your colonists is just as important as making sure they get shelter and food and trying to ensure they stay happy can be maddening sometimes, especially when the ugly guy keeps hitting on the women and getting turned down, and building up negative mood modifiers because of it.The incredible variety of psychological profiles you can get for colonists is what can make the game a winner, or a loser, or an irritating struggle, or a hilarious laugh as you try to coax them to work together without killing one another.Just don't let the pyromaniac into the colony...."
,Recommended,294100,24383748,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Secret.Recipe.Lamb.Pie,Just cant stop playing this game. Even every colony i played ended with pile of dead bodies.
,Recommended,294100,24445891,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kalogrym,A wonderful game. Simply a joy to play.
76561198026843179,Recommended,294100,24446551,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Jelly Jam Jesus,Both the most relaxing and aggravating game
,Recommended,294100,31775127,Posted: 15 May,all,HappyHobo4455,This game is so good! And the mods that are avaliable for it will make you always coming back for more
76561198119609442,Recommended,294100,30884445,Posted: 1 April,all,*Insert name*,A good and fun game with many flaws.
,Recommended,294100,24449828,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MAM HOROM CURKE,"So for those who just want quick opinion - yes, you should buy this game. It's awesome :)"
76561198000321865,Recommended,294100,31748184,Posted: 14 May,all,Dunemouse,I like the premise of the not-so-distant future where humanity is scattered across the galaxy at various levels of cultural and technological development. I've sunk about 200 hours into this game so far. I wouldn't have done that if it wasn't a fun investment of my time. Soundtrack is decent enough that I added a few tracks from it to my random music playlist. Looking forward to A17 release.
76561197960824525,Recommended,294100,31927048,Posted: 23 May,all,BouteDeBois[Upgraded],"I love this game and i hate it. There is no long term possible, ai always keeps getting a way to destroy everything as soon as you are willing for more than sandbox. Still recommend trying, this is still fun for 4 to 5 hours. tried 20 times making long games without sucess."
76561198195726357,Recommended,294100,31944745,Posted: 24 May,all,thenewcreep,"In General at first i wasn't so interested in this game, mostly because i didn't really take in the depth of the game as a whole. Now? I've got a few mods and my colony is half the size of the map and I've got prisoner organ farms for days!"
76561198029445391,Recommended,294100,31948451,Posted: 25 May,all,420 blaze it,goooooooooooood
,Recommended,294100,24834403,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Derbacca,"Great game, makes me think if Prison Architect and Firefly had a baby from some serious hatef***ing.Unforgiving but each time you overcome something that tries to destroy your colony is very satisfying."
76561198211392668,Recommended,294100,24834650,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,astronaut640,This is a great game even in alpha I have high hopes for the full game!
,Recommended,294100,24834760,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zero-Sum,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.
76561198064934639,Recommended,294100,29144377,Posted: 9 January,all,SoMagic,"This game is honestly wonderful. I was hesitant to pay $30 for an early access, so I may have played it for upwards of 20 hours without it being on steam prior. I just loved it so much, and seeing the lead dev on reddit constantly talking to the community and accepting ideas and talking everything out really sold the deal for me. I love when the developer(s) actually care about the people that play it, and are open to ideas from others. The gameplay is so smooth, different every time, and with steam workshop and other mod sites, it's hard to get bored. Highly recommend!"
76561198086743014,Recommended,294100,31925691,Posted: 23 May,all,Brontan,This game is frustrating. I love it.
,Recommended,294100,24678138,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tycalt,I don't normally write reviews for games but wow I'm impressed with Rimworld. It has depth and fantastic worlds and storytelling. I can't wait to see what other changes come in the future. Can't recommend highly enough.
76561198034916917,Recommended,294100,24995707,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Immaletyoufinish,"This game is a lot of fun and I'm glad I gave it a shot. My first colony:Find a nice hidden valley to build my little town.Plant some crops. Colonists settle in and are enjoying themselves.Raiders come and I didn't prepare any defenses.I hide everyone inside. Raiders start burning crops.I have no food so I am forced to fight.Go outside, half are wounded then kidnapped.Raiders are gone, crops are burned.Toxic air falls upon the hidden valley.Everyone slowly starves. First one to die is cannibalized.Colonists start going insane out of grief of lost loved ones.Two go berserk and kill the others. Try to lock them in their rooms.They break down the doors and try to kill each other.Finally one overcomes the other and eats his heart.After a long time other colonists join the colony.They wonder why the lone guy sits in the corner babbling to himself and staring at them with a wild look in his eyes."
76561198100764209,Recommended,294100,24418131,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The Black Knight,I've never made a review before so here it goes.I had high expectations for this game and they weren't just met they were exceeded.  It may be a little hard to learn at first but when you figure it out you can really get hooked. Even though it's early access it has so much stuff already in it. Really looking forward to what this game will become.
,Recommended,294100,24563258,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),Easily the 4th best game of the decade.
,Recommended,294100,24587754,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ThunderMare,"What more can you say when you can cram 5h a day to play a game, while pulling long hours at work for 10 consecutive days (weekend included)?I have only played 19h so far, and even though I'm as tired as I ever was, I'm afraid to start up this game, because I'm fairly sure I will end up playing for another 4-5 straight hours, before finally heading to sleep at 4am. Again.Disclaimer: my pedigree includes everything from ATARI to Spectrum, 386, 486, Pentium, MMX, and so on. While Quake and CoD are fun to play, the games I typically invest more time are games such as XCom (the old school ones: Enemy Unknown and Apocalypse), Europa Universalis Rome,  Sword of the Stars, and even Majesty.I am a sucker for a challange and an awesome AI that doesn't resort to cheats to trample over my dead body.Now how does RimWorld rank?With a steep learning curve, I took 3-4 hours to learn the ropes. Now, I'm learning about defense, research, trading, herding, resource management, beautifying the settlement, joy, and everything else. The list is too big.I have around 5-6 stories, but one that touched me a bit more than the others. I will update this review later, when I'm not so tired. Will probably play this now. Damn.10/10Quick update: managed to only play 3 hours.Finally had an awesome home base with 5 settlers, until the game decided it was getting a bit boring and unilateraly decided Malaria would make things more fun. Skip forward several game days.Now, 2 settlers left, moody and sad, and 1 gone crazy... ""Engi"". First Engi striped naked and walked around, refusing to eat or sleep. Her BFF ""Nine"" had to arrest her so they could finally force feed her.That didn't last very long, considering Engi almost imediately jumped up and went on a rampage, trying to force the prison door open.Engi's best friend Nine shot her on the spot. And yet, Nine rescued Engi immediately, and tried her best to tend to her dear Engi. That's true friendship, I have no doubt.Engi ended up dying of infection, a few days later.Outlook is bleak... But I will come back to ""Rimville"" tomorrow. All odds are this story will end just as all others... a sea of hopelessness, desperation, sorrow and suffering. 11/10.On a final note... Screw herbal medicine, might as well pack it with dirt, rambo style (hint @ game dev)."
76561198137294352,Recommended,294100,25680716,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Olbi,"Its a really good game in my opinion. Its really slow slow paced and you have to turtle your way trough, but Its a very relaxinng game. The soudtrack is awsome, Sounds awsome, graphics awsome. After a while it gets kind of empty, but with the comunity workshop, it feels as if you play a completly other game.Totally Recomended"
,Recommended,294100,25684654,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Devilas,"-Devs who actually care about players and the experience.-Deep mechanics-Highly replayable-Freedom of being able to do whatever you desire in a colony sim-Substantial constant updates-Easy to mod through steam workshop and official forums-In my experience, bug free although it is still ""early access""11/10 would reccomend to friends and family."
,Recommended,294100,25702509,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,hightechfool,"Great base-builder... quite similar to Prison Architect, if you've played that.  Infinite replayability... with lots of depth.  So many different traits for your colonists!  I thought I picked a good one, but she ended up being a pyromaniac...ugh.  Highly recommend"
,Recommended,294100,25504882,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Shameful,"Great game, If you like managing resources and the aftermath of disasters. 3 people crash land on a planet with 1000 large wooden statues, a suit of power armor, and a charge rifle. Soon a couple forms. More poeple join. Things are going great. Eventually the couple begins to break down as one of the individuals continually researches late into the night. An affair happens. The stress leads to a murder, a dead llama, cannibalism, a second murder nearly a year later, pyromaniac outbursts that are only eventually settled by an execution, a paralyzed artist, a poked out eye, multipe stab wounds, and starvation. Eventually though the group is mended by the power of beer, cocaine, methamphetamine, cybernetics, and pot which keeps them in good enough spirits to get along with one another through the future disasters."
,Recommended,294100,25508986,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,schmnittie,"I, not having a background in sim games in general, definitely stumbled upon a very engrossing game to draw me in to the genre. Rimworld is a game I didn't expect to find myself devoting hours into, but after having my first colony of 6 subjected to the wrath of a distraught cat, Solidarity, it was very hard to simply let that be the end of it.Rimworld is a fickle mistress, both cruel and benevolent at times. A slew of raiders may seem a horrid fate to befall your colony, but may prove your greatest source of income when the pirates wishing to trade the next day appear to have a keen interest in your freshly harvested kidneys, livers, and hearts. Your colonists may be a little bothered, but profit is profit and daddy needs a new bionic arm.At the same time, Rimworld expresses intricate detail and dilligence the more time you put into it. It will oftentimes notify you that family members are raiding you, and you may deem it necessary to have your warden be replaced by the socially inept son of your recently captured couple, that is.. after you provide him with a denture as his jaw was blown off in the preceding ordeal. On top of this another social fight has erupted and your miner is now binging on the equivalent of cocaine because his ex lover insulted him. But hey, with a colony exceeding 30+ there's going to be complications.Ultimately, Rimworld is a game that is very difficult to put down once you've invested any reasonable amount of time, even if only to see yourself fail in a truly fantastic manner."
,Recommended,294100,24360909,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Perma Hexx,"The DK/DF style game I have been waiting for.  This is the type of game you lose yourself in and look up at the clock and wonder where the night went.  Nothing about it's current build reminded me it was in EA.  My first colony was wiped by  manhunting impalas because I thought ""What an easy and stupid prey animal to hunt."""
,Recommended,294100,24383136,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vincent,Dwarf Fortress with guns and actual graphics.
76561198085888092,Recommended,294100,24340127,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dragonlet,"My people needs me, I must go....micromanage them."
,Recommended,294100,24441602,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Whydew,"33 hrs in 2 days of owning this game. Great game, as soon as you think you have a handle on things the game throws another wrench at you. Had to remove one or my colonist's stomach and gave him severe brain damage.10/10"
76561198007283050,Recommended,294100,24468126,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kalanar,Can't. Stop. Playing. SEND HELP
76561198066727704,Recommended,294100,24444398,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,허성하,can't...stop...playing...HELP!
,Recommended,294100,24503421,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,squiggyrag,"I love this game. I've learned how to play it better so that I don't repeat my initial mistakes, but I loved playing my first disaster colony.My first colony  was Devlin, Engie, and George. We had a dog too, bonded to Engie, but George killed him immediately. (I accidentally clicked ""Slaughter"" instead of ""Obedience"") The two women were incredibly useful and productive but George could only (poorly) handle animals. He had a little bit of shooting ability and some interest in learning it, but he was also a brawler with a high mental break chance so the first time I tried to equip him with a bow so he could chase his dream of becoming an ace shot, he became depressed about having a ranged weapon (make up your mind, George!), had a soft mental break and wandered off in a daze.  Because he was always idling, I set him about taming animals. He tried to tame a wolf and it failed. The wolf attacked and bit his eye out, runing his chance to become a healer (the only other role he could potentially eventually fill). So I restricted him to just taming small animals since he was always idling around while the two women did everything.  Things went well for awhile, Devlin and Engie built a nice colony with a nice garden and some decent defenses while George amassed a small army of rats and squirrels that followed him around everywhere and made messes that he was incapable of cleaning up.George's father showed up and joined the colony. He was much more useful than George, but abrasive and ugly, so no one but George liked him and he kept starting fights with Engie. Despite the fact that George was a useless vermin collector who had killed her dog and his father kept abusing her, Engie fell in love with George.  I was worried for her mental state for choosing him as her partner, but she seemed happy. They defeated some raids and continued to expand their colony. Then winter came. George's pets, which included a few raccoons and foxes now, started eating all our food. I sent George's father (my best hunter) out to hunt, but he was attacked by a bear and lost an arm. No more hunter, no more medicine. Once he recovered, he picked another fight with Engie, who was so upset by this and the extreme mess created by George's pets, she left the safety of the colony to wander in a daze right as we were raided. Engie was kidnapped. George fell into a sad daze while his father rejoiced.Things were bleak, but we managed to surivive by slaughtering some of George's pets and eating them. He immediately tamed more of them, but this time didn't allow them in the food areas. Devlin finally finished researching hydroponics and grew some rice. Then a solar flare killed all the rice right before it was ready to harvest. Devlin went beserk and while trying to subdue her, George's father was killed. Devlin recovered and was pleased that he was dead, George spiralled into depression again and beat some of his pets to death.But life moved on. For reasons that I cannot fathom, Devlin fell in love with George. (seriously, what is this guy's appeal?) and they got married. Two new colonists were recruited. At this point, I was sick of George being so damn useless, so I set about trying to raise his mining skill (which was at zero) by having him mine large areas of rock. He immediately discovered an ancient area that was full of hostile robots. Incapable of fighting them off, the colonists had to abandon their home while it was torn apart. The robots moved on towards advancing on the colonists, but then a raid occured and the pirates and the robots killed eachother. Only two colonists surivived: George, of course, but also a healer/grower. She was already infected from wounds sustained during the raid and then quickly caught the plague. We had no medicine left, but she had planted healroot recently so George went to see if it could be harvested only to discover that during the robot/pirate catastrophe, a muffalo had self tamed and then eaten most of the healroot. George attempted to harvest the remaining healroot and failed so the healer died. George, who was already stressed from everything that happened, and one can only assume, well earned self-hatred, went insane and starved to death.Tired of all the problems the men had caused me, I started a new colony with only women and added the condition that the were all gay. One ended up being a pyromaniac and burned the place down."
,Recommended,294100,24507992,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Flame-Inn-Gun$,Started a game and built a cool base.Had 2 mothers and their two daughters get killed by a pack of angry beavers.New settler came and lived in the remains and had to bury all the bodies and clean all the blood.Would totally get eaten alive by angry beavers again.
,Recommended,294100,24425960,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DOCTAH DOOM,"I had to euthanize one of my colonists because he developed dementia, instead of burying him to his assigned sarcophagus he was instead fed to the medical patients and our herd of self-tamed Labradors."
76561198231183616,Recommended,294100,30307315,Posted: 3 March,all,the_orange_headphones,"Well, first off its a strategy game based on what could be in the future. yeah, i know it sounds like every other sci-fi game, but its a mix between prison arcitecht and dwarf fortress. both of them are fantastic games. If you put that with mods, what do you get? a #### ton of fun!!! (i did the hashtags)"
76561197962351919,Recommended,294100,30315437,Posted: 4 March,all,GooGone,"For a game so seemingly basic, graphics and plot, at first glance, 150 hourse of gameplay and I've only scratched the tip. A great blend of Sims, colony management, building and tactical combat, all while topping the survival genre by a longshot. Will it be a harsh winter, a maddened colonist, a Pirate raid or rival siege, Mechanoid poison ships, a tyranid style infestation, no one knows, but your going to lose that colony 1 hour in or 20. The learnig curve at first is a bit overwhelming but the payoff is there. This game may not be for everyone but the people who enjoy it will quickly find this title in their top 10s of all time(dare I say). While triple A game companies push out drivel for a premium 60$ a whack, this will be the best 30$ you spent on Steam in a while."
76561197961293061,Recommended,294100,25845092,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,zkE,"Timesink, awesome game.I'd be willing to throw money after some sort of co-op multiplayer, where you could each ""control"" / assign work orders to characters. Host could give control of characters to people who joined, sort of like in divinity.Anyways, regardless of multiplayer / co-op. Worth it."
76561198046443121,Recommended,294100,26207126,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jervlend,"So everything is going great. Trigger, Katia and Chaney are trudging along, my base is taking shape, I have lots of resources, my colonists are happy.BUT for some reason, everyone that wants to join my colony, with pirates in their heels every time, are all incapable of violence. This means that very soon Trigger, Katia and Chaney have like five people to protect against increasinly difficult enemies. All of the sudden, Trigger is ambushed and carried off, Chaney dies of an infectious turtle bite and Katia goes berserk over the loss of her friends and kills the other doctor in the group, is left incapacitated after pirates attack with hand grenades and dies of an infection due to lack of medicine.I swear, this game is making me rip my hair out at an alarming rate, as it gives you some things to get you going, to just rip the carpet from under you and leave you with imbeciles, wear you down with dry thunderstorms, beavers, raids, mental breakdowns and mad animals until a mechanoid comes along and slaughters the last four pacifists like dogs and rip your base apart.It's ♥♥♥♥ing good though..."
,Recommended,294100,29581640,Posted: 30 January,all,hey its me,bang bang ur dead
76561198018287622,Recommended,294100,26525422,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Klaus,Great Game :)
,Recommended,294100,24586337,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Too_Lazy_Cat,"So i've bought it.. it looked alright at first, but it's not. It's absolutely AMAZING."
,Recommended,294100,26802227,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,florent,I love this game.
76561198044248889,Recommended,294100,26856434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sixgun,very fun time sink
76561198088362991,Recommended,294100,28633914,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lune55,This game packs a lot of bang for the buck even during early access.  When it gets released in it's full version it is bound to be even better.  Especially with the rich modding community.
,Recommended,294100,29206669,Posted: 12 January,all,MrD,"Outstanding. 60-some hours in and I can tell I'm in trouble (in a good way). This is going to soak up a lot of my time.Cause of death of my first 5 colonies: Fire, fire, rampant infections combined with a raid, starvation, fire."
,Recommended,294100,29241620,Posted: 13 January,all,Psycho,"Here is a story. If this doesn't convince you to buy this game, I don't know what will.Day 1.My group of 3 survivors are name Mantis, the builder, Kimeko, the doctor, and Lynn, the hunter and cook. For the first few hours of their new lives, they create a small shelter and beds. Life is great for a while until their food rations start dwindling. Lynn decides to take matters into her own hands and begins hunting the nearby herd of elk. They feast on elk steak all night long.Day 3.The frosty jaws of winter enclose their small settlement, destroying Kimeko's fantasy of creating a small garden to grow vegetables and cotton. To avoid getting dangerously cold, the 3 of them huddle up in their shack to keep warm. After 2 days of imprisonment, cabin fever begins to grip their minds. They fight constantly, their social stances on each other crumbling quickly. Their seemingly endless supply of elk is quickly dimished to a pile of gristle and hide. Unable to take the pains coursing through her stomach, Lynn braves the biting cold, venturing out with the groups only functioning firearm to try and aquire a suitable meal for herself and her companions. As she stumbles through the tundra however, the cold overtakes her, and she is later found by a pack of wolves, who devour her stiff lifeless body.Day 9.Mantis and Kimeko barely cling to life as they sit in the darkness, eating the meager scraps of whatever rodent is unfortunate enough to scurry by. But a revelation occurs to Mantis. Rats arn't the only source of meat available. Within an hour, Mantis sits alone in the cabin, and while is belly is full for now, his mind slips further and further away.Day 14.As Mantis' food finally disappears down his throat for the last time, he can't help but think, ""What next?"". His body was too malnourished to hunt or gather, his friends were gone. Mantis comes to a decision. I will not succumb. He proceeds to reach into his pocket and pull out a small knife and flat chunk of flint. He carves off strips of wood off the wall next to him and gathers them in the corner. He then scrapes the knife quickly along the flint, causing sparks to fly, into the small pile of kindling. Mantis can feel his body shutting down as the fire builds, quickly engulfing the kindling and a part of the wall, despite the cold. Mantis lies back on the smooth wooden floor and closes his eyes, waiting for death.Day 15.A group of friendly tribesmen, well worn by the years of travelling, come across a destroyed cabin along their journey. While the small wooden structure is badly damaged, fire having obviously scorched it, leaving the remaining wreckage ashen and unmoving. Inside, they find a small amount of seared elk hide, and a corpse, blackened by the flames, with a shard of metal roofing lodged through his chest. They consider the body for a moment, wondering about its story, before carrying on looting it, before finally moving on.To this day, that is my shortest game of RimWorld ever.Buy this game. Its good."
76561198022263878,Recommended,294100,28993451,Posted: 3 January,all,Fragenstein,87.6 hrs last two weeks... I only feel like I am just getting started with this game. Rimworld has an active modding community and is still in active development. This is exactly what I am looking for in a game! I was playing a lot of Cataclysim DDA and Dwarf Fortress when I found Rimworld. I honestly can't wait to see all the great stuff the modding community will put out and I may get involved with modding as well. Truly a great game!
76561198279448481,Recommended,294100,26608463,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,whereiselise,"When I initially saw this game I wasn't sure if it was worth the price, but after watching some youtubers (props to Northernlion) playing this game I thought I'd give it a try and I can 100% say I have gotten my money's worth and can wholly recommend this game to anyone that's interested in it. I have sunk hundreds of hours into building up my colony and, as the game is still in development, there are many new interesting features being added which just makes me want to play more.The base game is already well polished and interesting, but the choice of mods helps to add more complex interactions between colonists, more challenging dangers to face, and many other interesting features meaning that you can always enhance your gameplay if it feels stale or repetitive.The creator is also very active on Reddit, keeping players informed of changes; responding to those who have questions and he obviously cares about the quality of his product.In regards to the gameplay I'd say that those who enjoy basebuilders and strategy games will find this game most fulfilling. There are many routes a player can take, I myself prefer the basebuilding element and the protection of the said base. However, more offensive options are being added where you can attack neighbouring enemies which I am eager to try. There is also the option to work up to an end state if a player wishes to but I actually prefer to research everything and build everything to get the most out of every colony.Overall, the game for me is a strong 9.5/10 as, although I love this game and it's probably in my top 10, I find the actual ending to be unsatisying in its current state and would like something to be added to make it more appealing to me (like the option to colonise a new planet with my colonists perhaps?).TL;DR- Really good game and worth its price, but with maybe a slightly disappointing end, 9.5/10 and you should definitely play if you enjoy strategy/basebuilder games."
,Recommended,294100,24890912,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CosmicDan.com,Told my colonists to stockpile all the goods from the wreckage and start building a wall. Then one of the women vomitted on the food in the stockpile.10/10 - would feed my colonists steak with special sauce again.
76561198011087058,Recommended,294100,27131286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,erunaenia,"First I wasn't sure if I would like this game ... but after I started, the ""just 5 more minutes""-thought kicked in. You start your colony with 3 members, which will most likely die at some point. Two of mine died in the fire after less then 30 minutes, Gregory, our cook, was able to make it a bit longer while suffering mostly from food poisoning in the meantime (guess you take what you get as workers). But it wasn't that bad, because soon enough 5 other members joined.It's like creating your own soap opera. E.g. My colonist ""AJ"" married ""Reynolds"", his son ""J"" lives with us as well and he and AJ are doing nothing than insult each other, just because she doesn't like his creepy breathing sounds. It didn't improved their mood when one day suddenly 10 cats joined (don't ask me how many we hade since then). Our cow has Alzheimer.It's a mixture out of simulation, management and RPG (your colonist level up and improve their abilities). They build, craft, hunt and do everything possible when running in berserk mode through the house, attacking their own friends.Well, let's make it short: It's incredible fun and depending on your chosen difficult level, it can be very rough to bring them all through the winter or any chemical fallout. And while the game has a goal (leave the planet), you tend to spend more time on the RimWorld, just to see how your little community develops."
76561197966661634,Recommended,294100,24694015,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,kingofblahs,"Matthew Clark went berserkReason:  Ate without table10/10On a serious note, Rimworld has the best procedural storytelling of any game I have ever played, and this is a story that I am dealing with at the moment.John, a rich colonist, crashlands on Rimworld with all of his riches and boundless enthusiasm as an explorer.  He specializes in construction and mining, hand picked by myself after looking through many random applicants.  John's life was simple at first.  He found an abandoned slate house which he claimed as his own, only needing to add a door to it to make it complete and save time constructing.John, being as he was brilliant at construction, was quickly able to build defenses and set up most of the power of his colony, but just after completing his defenses, John received a distress call.  Looking at the personality of the person in question, it was deemed that one of them was not worth it, as he was lazy and had no expertise, so John left him to die.   Soon after, we had someone else join our colony in exchange for getting bandits off of his back.  Although Matthew only had mediocre traits, he had just enough for John to accept the invitation, and the invaders were repelled with ease with the defenses John had built up.Not long after, things started to go south, particularly for John.  It all started when we mistakingly gave many of our resources to a surviving refugee that had no interest in joining the colony.  After one day of constant treatment and nurturing, the refugee suddenly left and followed up very quickly by John getting the plague.  After hours of attempted treatment and excruciating pain, John, the original colonist died.  Matthew, who was only intended to do cleaning duties, was now required to do all the work that John once did.  The colony went from a speedy development in efficiency to a true survival situation.  Fortunately, Matthew had great defenses built up and nearly all of the power grid, thus was able to repel all of the raids (and scare the ones he couldn't kill with his charge rifle off).After a couple of days of very little progress, a new colonist joined, Yates, who was far more competent in construction, and the colony started to improve.  The power grid was finished and slowly, we added two bedrooms and a kitchen.But not all was well still.  Matthew continued to mill on about John's death and how he could not take care of him.  Matthew's mood became more and more foul as the days passed, particularly also because food resources were diminishing and the survival meals were no longer there.  Additionally, the colony started to become repulsive because current work didn't allow for cleaning (as there was much else to finish up).We leave off with Matthew going through fits of rage.  Matthew nearly turned on his colonists last night, the only saving grace being as his mental breakdown was after a session of mining, but this also left him without sleep, thus immediately after recovery, he went through another mental breakdown.  This time, however, it's in the actual home, and this is where it leaves off.I doubt I will write the conclusion of this (I will if I think about it), but the point of this is that you can tell rich stories with this game.  The survival elements are there, but the elements combine to tell this emergent story more than any game I have played except for maybe Prison Architect.But, this game is a very different experience than Prison Architect, because Prison Architect is a management game, and this is a survival game.  The steps you take in both games are very different from one another.EDIT://The story finished, with a fitting ending for this game:Matthew went through another mental breakdown, but fortunately nobody was harmed this instant.  He sat in an isolated spot with his gun until he calmed down.  Both breakdowns let out a lot of steam, so for a time, the colony went on normally.  We got the first signs of our kitchen, with at least something to feed us, and things were going well.A new recruit, a pacifist named Chaz joined our camp.  He was fairly decent and well rounded in terms of construction and medicine, so he was worth keeping around.  Unfortunately, he never did get along with Yates, although with a severe infection during the waning hours of the colony, her injuries were treated.Then, the raid came...At first, they seemed like they wanted no part of the defenses.  They wandered about in the northeast part of the area aimlessly.  At the exact same time, Yates father, Jupiter, landed in a pot looking for his daughter.  We decided to take care of him, but in doing so, forgot about the raid just enough to allow the raiders, three with SMGs, one with a grenade luncher, to get close enough.  They attacked the point which had poor turret coverage, and although we had sandbag defenses, because we reacted so late, one of them was able to walk over and do severe damage.The invaders did eventually get defeated ... just.  Yates was dead, Matthew was critically injured, and to compound the situation of already-near mental breakdown, a grenade had exploded near the house, causing a fire.With Matthew incapacitated, Yates dead, and Jupiter not yet being part of the colony, all that was left was the new recruit, Cortez.  Being a pacifist, he was unable to bring himself to fight a fire that likely wouldn't be put out to begin with.  In desperation, two emergency sleeping spots were set up between two abandoned ruin walls where there were few trees to prevent forest fire risk.  Matthew was set down and Cortez went out to collect what supplies he could to at least try to start elsewhere, resigned to the fact that most possessions would be lost.And then the final blow.Jupiter, with his daughter dead and left to burn alive in a fire that there was no time to save him from, got his revenge.  On Cortez way back, he witnessed it perfectly, Matthew being punched to death by Jupiter, in a berserk mental state.Cortez, out of resources, out of options, freezes to death in the night being chased by the raging Jupiter.And this, my friends, is all less than a day of playing RimWorld.  Get this game."
,Recommended,294100,25491065,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,pverflow,i started with a family.. all was good.. then it became weird.... the father started sleeping with the daughter.... the mother coudlnt handle it and started bashing the daughter..... the doc started doing drugs... and the cook burned down the whole colony...
76561198182720410,Recommended,294100,25235154,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bashapretsch,"Amazing Game. Not for everyone, but a sure pick up for any hardcore Colony fan."
,Recommended,294100,25273287,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,darkrider0,"Rimworld is my new favorite game. First playthrough instructed my colonists to hunt some deer and the herd went berserk on my colony, eventually beating all 4 of my colonists into shock, unable to move.I wait 2 in game days before a random 70 year old dude with a leather jacket and a grey mohawk named Frank wants to be saved from some pirates that are chasing him. He moves in, saves the most combat ready of the colonists to help fight off the pirates. They succeed! But that's not all. The trauma from the whole ordeal lead one of my colonists to go insane and burn down the whole colony. Everyone's dead, burned alive, except for frank. Tough old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.11/10"
,Recommended,294100,25278208,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Leb,An incredibly well crafted build-em-up survival game with out of the box customizeability coupled with a motivated modding community to provide consistently interesting experiences.
76561198331422646,Recommended,294100,28811131,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,megadragonlord,This game rocks....it always new and has a lot of twists and turns. I recommend it to all who have the guts to play this. 10 out of 10
76561198033842070,Recommended,294100,27287847,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spike,EPIC ! Simply EPIC !
,Recommended,294100,27340021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deuce,"Nominated for ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award.  If only there was an award for ""Just 5 More Hours""."
76561197971654299,Recommended,294100,27295048,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vexatious,"Thank god my wife got the new Pokemon in the mail the same day I bought this... Otherwise there would have been problems.  Bought this on Last Saturday today is Thursday, I have already sunk 40 hours into the game as I write this.  This is as a grown♥♥♥♥♥man that has a career in one of those office things... speaking of which, this had me up until almost 3am on a Sunday night playing.  Wife forced me to bed... spent entire day at work on reddit reading old Rimworld post looking hung over and feeling like it was a decade ago and I just finished a night of hookers and blow.Only a few games have ever truly made hours pass by in minutes and made me act like a kid not wanting to go to bed(Civilization, Crusader KingsII etc) but... this has done that and done it on a whole new level.Ive been on Steam for over a decade and gaming since the 80s and this is a top 10 game for me of all time of any genre. AND ITS NOT EVEN FINISHED YET.  There are more improvements and additions on the horizon, and I am only excited for them to come so I can do again... an again... and pray Pokemon keeps the wife distracted for at least another few months... years... i dont know.  Reality is I have not even booted up Battlefield 1 since I bought this.  I have computers that run BF1 in ultra settings in 1440p... and I am stuck playing a game that was a 100mb download. someone help me.........................Anywho, support the game it can only get better and is already a amazing game."
76561198090874495,Recommended,294100,27384567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Libertarian Snake,"During this game I often have to decided whether or not to rip an organ out of a prisoner or allow him to return to his faction. It also has that ""one more turn"" effect that keeps me up playing at night. This is one of the few early access games worth your money. I definitely got my money's worth out of Rimworld."
,Recommended,294100,29219216,Posted: 13 January,all,mrmonsura,"The most addicting game I've ever played, can't wait for more updates!P.S. ♥♥♥♥ Randy Random."
,Recommended,294100,28887830,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[SubPrime] AgentBlac,"So beautifully dense with content, yet seemingly simplistic upon initial inspection. There's always something to do in this game, even more now with the wanderer's update!10/10"
,Recommended,294100,28680721,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HUGRO bets.gg,"This game have an incredible potential.If you like gestion game go for this one. It's in early access but have the quality of a triple A game.Mix between a dwarf fortress and prison architect, it's hard but incredibly addictive.GO BUY IT RIGHT NOW"
,Recommended,294100,28656676,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wompa,"I wanna start off by saying that I generally hate single player games. I absolutely love online player interaction. This game does not have that yet, it's all about you building a colony and interacting with ai colonies/tribes/factions. This game can make you forget about time and not want to do anything else but make sure your colony stays alive. I love this game and you won't find me playing any single player games besides this one. If there is ever a mutliplayer mode, I ALWAYS play that. This game manages to have enough creativity and story though in just the every day to day survival of your colony in the world of RimWorld.10/10, would say this is one of the best games ever created if it would support online functionality. This game has a lot of potential and is always growing :)!"
76561198146173905,Recommended,294100,28740913,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JRohl44,"I cannot reccomend this game enough. It's so incredibly addictive that part of me wants to not reccomend it in fear that other people will get sucked into the same time sink I am currently in. The music in this game is fantastic as well. Honestly I don't really feel like writing a long review describing what makes this game so great, so just take my word for it. If this game looks remotely interesting to you, get it. You will not be dissapointed."
76561198090756194,Recommended,294100,29408490,Posted: 21 January,all,Rooz,"i like it,"
,Recommended,294100,28719100,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GayFur <3,"This might be one of the best game in years! Buy this, it fits for both people who want to play it casually and people with no lives such as I."
76561198323531440,Recommended,294100,29286896,Posted: 15 January,all,Killer Memestar,"After almost 10 hours in this game its just as addicting as the moment i got it, It starts inocently enough,with 3 colonist,but things can go out of control quickly i was just getting my first harvest done when a heatwave hit. Me being the noob that i was thought if i forget about it, it would go away....i was wrong. It started with heat stroke initial, i did not care and forgot about it, this was my first mistake. my second was the fact that i did not care about cooling so i hoped it would go away. The final nail in the coffin was when my most competent colonist collasped, acting on impulse i sent someone to go get him,the person who went to get him collasped...... soon enough this started a chain reaction in the colony with everyone down, me being ignorant, hoped they would get back up...they never did. That is how my first game went10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,294100,29300804,Posted: 16 January,all,MydasKyng,"This game is awesome. like all the good parts of prison simulator, set in what amounts to the Firefly universe. I didn't realize it was still early access when I started playing it, there is already a full game's worth of content packed into this package.That's about all I have to add, definitely get this game."
,Recommended,294100,29105864,Posted: 7 January,all,Don Dingus,"Most of this is up to you. Who you’re with, what you have, where you start – your choice. What happens to you, however, is a different story.After crash landing on a distant, alien planet, survival is the only goal. Build your base and maintain your colonist’s mental health while balancing intellectual pursuits and territorial control. The AI narrator is ruthless and unforgiving, forcing your space society to deal with everything from natural disasters to bloodthirsty troops of Yorkshire terriers. Who knew sustaining life could be so hard? Witness, firsthand, the flawed dynamics of your very own Adam and Eve or lead ragtag group of tribesman towards civilization.As it turns out, colonizing an alien planet is also a grieving process. Let me walk you through the stages.1. Denial“This’ll be easy”, you think to yourself as the game starts without knowing how absolutely wrong you are. It’ll be dark soon and you don’t even have a bed to sleep in yet.2. AngerChopping down trees for a bed frame and four walls seems like a menial task. How borin...oops! The tree came down and crushed your leg. That’s going to slow things down.3. BargainingThankfully a band of traders is passing by your camp. They take pity and offer you a discounted peg leg. Score! Might as well get a few other supplies while you’re at it.4. DepressionYou shouldn’t have traded so much of your food for those supplies. Now you're hungry. And everyone you meet thinks you're weird because of your peg leg. Did those guys rip you off?5. AcceptanceAt least you had the extra materials to finish building a spare room. You also fought off a deranged marauder and took him, and his two fresh legs, prisoner. Things are looking up.Almost anything is possible (thanks to a loyal modding community) and you’re given the opportunity to micromanage every aspect of the action or just sit back and watch it like a fish tank filled with interesting space creatures. Rarely is a game everything you ever wanted it to be. RimWorld is impossibly deep and equally entertaining. You won’t be disappointed."
76561198025423004,Recommended,294100,24797210,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,phil,"Another typical day around the camp. I'm swinging a pick on the periphery of the main barracks again, hoping to open up enough room that we're not always under each other's feet. The noise from pick on stone isn't enough to drown out the screams from the lockup where Bodie is amputating the prisoner's gangrenous leg; I bet he doesn't even thank Bodie afterwards, assuming of course he lives. And I hope I don't have to haul the leg out. Arthur is tinkering at his improvised lab bench, trying to figure out how to rig up hydroponic gardens from the junk we have around, so that if the game stops running in the winter we'll have something to eat. Vas is out right this minute stalking an elk and so far she's fed us real well, but frankly the more time she spends away from camp the better if you ask me. There's something dead in those eyes.It's not much but it's home. We call it Hard Times."
,Recommended,294100,24797564,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cryic,"Spent 148 hours, haven't even gotten through my first in game winter.  I keep screwing up and restarting.  And loving it.  Each failure brings laughter and a bit of wisdom to do it better next time."
,Recommended,294100,24985531,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Don Juan,I love this game. I even love dying in this game.That happens a lot.
76561198014132755,Recommended,294100,24372823,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Rust,10/10Would have my hunters literally torn to pieces by prehistoric land sloths again.
76561197975911300,Recommended,294100,24341519,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Drake,"I've played RimWorld for quite some time--probably over 100 hours--from the DRMfree version available on their Website.This game singlehandedly caused me to loose an entire day, one moment it's 10 A.M. and thenext it's 1:00 in the morning.The premise of RimWorld revolves around your colonists trying to survive on a planetthat's out to get them. With an intelligent storyteller, it throws various events tokeep you on your toes.One example of a game I played recently was when my colonists were in a boreal forestand the weather was below freezing. They were complaining about the cold, so I made heatersto comfort them--but not in the traditional sense. I used the AC system that was keeping myfood frozen (in hindsight I suppose I could have just left them outside, but oh well)and using the exhaust from the AC system to keep the bedrooms warm.Long story short, an event that caused my batteries to explode caused a fire in the bedrooms.I tried having my colonists extinguish the fire but due to the combination of the heat fromboth the AC and the fire, my colonists started to burst into flames, killing everyone butone person.Oh yeah, then their pet dog went rabid and killed the remaining surviver.The versatility and replay value of this game is immense, creating hours and hours offantastic gameplay.All I have to say is, GET THIS GAME!10/10 Would spontaneously combust again."
76561197983895643,Recommended,294100,24400021,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Colster,"First Colony started out great, got my crops going, rooms built, kitchen. Everything is going great, couple of raiders show up and take them out easily. Few days go buy, add A/C to building, more solar panels, batteries. 3 SOLs in, Im on point. My Colony is legit, colonists seem to be doing well. Decide to run to the bathroom to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥ come back and my pet has gone insane and killed everyone. My ♥♥♥♥ing little yorky killed my entire colony. Make kibble folks.......make kibble.11/10 Would let Kardashian Dog wipe out Colony again"
76561198090070567,Recommended,294100,24846102,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Magic_mandy,"Started out in a resource rich box canyon, with one Scientist, one Servant, one Assassin.Doing well - shored up all the box canyon, several farms, a small herd of deer to hunt in the lean times.Even several solar panels and a cache of batteries to fuel light and heat.The Servant's daughter takes refuge in our colony.  We gun down the tribals pursuing her.She looks a little weird, kind of gloomy.  No matter.  I put her to work mining iron.Suddenly, FIRE FIRE EVERYWHEREIt's the daughter. She lit the batteries on fire.  I forgot to check her character info.She's a pyromaniac.My colonists are trying to fight fire in an all wood interior building.The blasts over exploding batteries cripple them, then the fire finishes them off.Standing in the center of a stockroom, ringed in flame, is the daughter.Her tiny beady eyes stare at me as it all burns.11/10."
,Recommended,294100,24482614,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Дogg,this game very good buy now!
76561198021747724,Recommended,294100,24485583,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ICEMAN,This game is amazing! Once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,294100,24488167,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Process,Imagine Prison Architect on steroids... A lot of steroids.
76561198010762070,Recommended,294100,24489128,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,P0wnzor,Got to watch my 3 trained pigs finish off a group of manhunting beavers that annihilated my tribe. Then I helplessly watched as my tribe slowly bleeds out with the one person who could save them having a mental breakdown and hiding in his room as the pigs mate and feed on my deceased tribe members.11/10 Necrophiliac pig fornication simulator.
,Recommended,294100,24504051,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nathom2008 is American,"Day 4:-Three Raiders attack my settlement, armed with clubs and knives.-Two of my Three people rush in to defend.  The third won't attack because he is incapable of violence.-My men get in position - one has a pistol and is behind some cover close to the entrance of my base.  One has a rifle and is standing back a bit.-The raiders enter the mountain pass in approach to my base.  The first shot of the battle rings.-My pistol wielding soldier falls to the ground.  Shot in the back of the head by my soldier wielding the rifle.  The shot missed it's mark.  The fight is now 2v3.-Another bang sounds through the air.  The shot misses.-A 3rd shot from the rifle whirls through the air.  Another miss.  The Raiders are getting closer.-A 4th shot scores a direct hit...... on a bear that was sleeping 50 yards away from the Raiders.  The fight is now 2v4.-The bear runs past the Raiders, clearly running towards the soldier with the rifle.-I close my eyes and hear the loud ""CRUNCH!!!!"" sound of my soldier losing a leg.  The other would follow soon.  Followed by the arms...... the rifle soldier was now dead.  The fight is now 1v4.-The last man standing is the solider that is incapable of violence...-BOOM! The first bear swipe at my wooden door.-BOOM! The 2nd swipe at my wooden door.  My pacifist soldier is standing in a dark room - saying his final words.-BANG!  A gunshot rings again.  The Raiders are trying to shoot through the door.  The shot lands on the bear's back.-CRUNCH!!!! The first Raider loses his head immediately.  The other two follow, although not as quickly.-CRUNCH!!!! The bear feasts on the Raider's corpses.-ZZZZZZZ.  The sound of the bear falling asleep, clearly content with his meal.Day 6,971-The Pacifist King tells the story of the two brave soldiers, the three Raiders, and the bear.-The King jumps into his ship and blasts into orbit, leaving the harsh world behind him ....... His people watch the ship blast off into the sky without them.10/10  Would hide again."
76561198039919028,Recommended,294100,25958201,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,BigT,Hard at first but after the first couple trys you find out that this game is a lot of fun.10/10 would play again
76561198215395293,Recommended,294100,26199841,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,AnimeIsLove,"We start this story, witht the gamer. The gamer wanted this game for months, and finally got it, only to realize how hard it was. But there was always one character the gamer got attacthed too, and sadly, that character was Brexios. Brex was the healer, the animal-trainer, and the best goddamn melee fighter anyone has seen.Two raids came, we wiped them out and captured one from each raid. Then the third raid... Oh the third raid was a fateful mistake... Brex got hurt, badly. We had to amputate her leg and give her a peg leg, surprisingly, she still fought. Everything was smooth sailing...Until they came.The pirates attacked with their savage ways, and captured Brex while Brex was trying to save Trosma. Now we can only pray she is still alive, and safe.10/10 would pray for Brex again"
76561198041276115,Recommended,294100,26196753,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,katbarf,"I held off buying this for awhile since it's early access. I finally broke down and bought it a few weeks ago and played it this weekend. It's a fully finished game. As others have said, don't be fooled this time by the ""early access"" tag. There is so much to do, no bugs that I've found, and an amazing mod community. I'm sorry I didn't purchase it early.Now if my one colonist would stop stripping and running around like crazy that would be great. Just because you're cat got shot by raiders wasn't mean you need to do that!"
76561198001948649,Recommended,294100,26312517,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Anghelitus,"wonderful colony management, survival, combat, and depth of gameplay.detailed stats for every creature in game.i Had an iguana that developed dementia, a tamed bear with astma to wich i have transfered a healthy lung taken from a prisoner.Every playtrough is unique, every load is unique , events are random and keep the game fresh.Every colonyst is unique and with awesome mods the game becomes an even more in depth and hardcore expericne, or it can become the utopia u have dreamed to acomplish since you had a dream.Game dificulty is set by the player, the 3 storytellers(aka game modes IMO) are incredibly well made and realy offer a great experience. After playing a few times on base builder difculty i felt ready for more chalange, i was blasted to pieces and the last dificulty with joy and tears on my face, my colony burned to ash by stormtroopers, we defended to the last one with bows and rifles. One survivor went into shock and was leftr for dead by the invaders. After the atack he came back to life only to bury his friends among the ruins of the colony. after the last tomb was dig he went crazy and locked him slef in a room and died of starvation.WARNING: NEVER EVER NEVER EVER name any colonyst after you, your friends or anyone elso you know, they will die, thats a fact or you will end up loading to the limit of exploit.I can go on with this but is not enough. buy it, play it, love it, hate it, play more."
76561198032540251,Recommended,294100,26140333,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Drizzly Bear,"This seems like a game geared at those who cant get into Dwarf Fortress, and yet it brings so much new content to the table. I love this so far, even though it needs a fair amount of work still. Highly recommend you pick it up on sale or even the second you see it like i did"
,Recommended,294100,32582753,Posted: 19 June,all,TopDek,"-Pros-Amazing storytelling-Extremely fun and addictive-Each character is balanced-Extremely large world-Hours and hours and hours of pure awesomeness-Very realistic-Cons-Randomness can lead to many problems-A little over the top with micromanagement-Needs some fixes and additions-OverallThis game is amazing because of the story it tells. Its your story, you can't direct it in any way, and you can control each character individually. It is fairly easy to make a house, farm, and do research, but it is very challenging to fight, invade enemy bases, help wounded people and animals, and finish the game9.5/10"
76561198157463658,Recommended,294100,26636827,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BD l Jumembig,if you want to spend a LOT of time on this game i recomend (not a lot more beacause of the tutorial) a very impresive game it a lot of things to do .And do not judge the book by its cover! And just because of your graphics does not mean that it's bad ! (Of course the game need to give some adjustments in the graphic but it is not too much).to my this game is already finished but if the creators say its not done yet who am i to argue ? of course its not done yet and dont have TOO many things And needs many things yetbut I see that in the end this game is going to be a piece of diamond7/10 because its not done yet but when become DONE will be 100/100 and pls dont go to the bad road game.
,Recommended,294100,25312355,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kim Jong-Deux,"This game has more content and playability than most AAA games these days and still gets a huge batch of new content every patch major patch, which comes anymore from a few weeks to a few months apart. I would reccomend to anyone. Easily my favourite game of this year."
76561198128235974,Recommended,294100,25131136,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dvictory85,I only have 8 hours in this and love it already!  Well worth the money.
,Recommended,294100,25417475,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Presumably,"This game is something else, uniquely addicting and you just don't know what to expect.don't think twice, give this game a try!"
76561198046849117,Recommended,294100,25280735,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cash Cab,Thats some goood stuff.
76561198030971496,Recommended,294100,25324834,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Copernicus713,"So far, I have gone through 334 hrs of game play on 4 of the many biomes (desert, tundra, tropical rainforest, and temperate forest). At an “ALPHA” development stage, I must say that this looks more like a beta than anything else. Off course, the possibilities with this game are endless given that in real life there are many more biomes around the world like the Gobi cold desert in Mongolia. I would like to see them all incorporated into the game in future updates. Also, given that this game is a graphically enhanced version of a dwarf fortress like of game, the developers could be adding content to it for the rest of their life to add value to what they already have. I think I understand why they call it an “ALPHA” stage game, and it may be related to content because it seems to me that it is well balanced.It does not have as much content as Dwarf Fortress (DF) but in time it could get there. Off course, the themes are different (DF is more a fantasy like scenario while RW is more a wild west steampunk environment) but I would like to see in RW as much content as there is in DF. It would be nice to see the implementation of a Z level layer into the game like there is in similar games of the gender. It would be a huge thing.Since it is a randomly generated seeded game the playability is also endless. Try ‘mesa’ for example, it is a good seed.In addition, the emergency situations are randomly generated and there are many but this is an area where the developers could also expand.In conclusion, for an “ALPHA” stage game, your gone get more than you pay for in hours of enjoyment playing it and the possibilities are endless given the amount of mods available, and the amount of content the developers could add in future updates."
,Recommended,294100,25324948,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Polar Bear,"Started a solo colony with my trusty dog. Few days later, a cannibal wanders into my colony. We get into fist fights from time to time.A week goes by, saved my lover being chased by pirates only to turn down his marrage proposal spiraling him into drug abuse.Saved my father from a crashed escape pod. Once he was patched up and moving, I blew off his leg trying to arrest him, and forced him into slavery.10/10 would be a psychopath again."
76561198015335505,Recommended,294100,25326950,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DuckBoy,This is the best weight loss program ever.  I've lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks with 70 hours play time.  I keep forgetting to eat!Addictive!
76561198085614551,Recommended,294100,25356077,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Opulus,This game is like the sim world only better.  So many random eventa take place that can cause the colony to be in trouble.  The peasants get pissy over the most pecurliar things.  It will take diligence and a plan to play this game well.
,Recommended,294100,25242756,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bearo,Its like Fire Emblem mixed with The Sims.
76561198028290553,Recommended,294100,25245317,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Louk,Nothing but Awesome
,Recommended,294100,25309005,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Gamwise Samgee,This is the best game I have ever played.
76561197964322699,Recommended,294100,25353142,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Castor Troy,"Great game, tons of mods.  Lots of replayability.  Highly recommended."
76561197970471664,Recommended,294100,25248088,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Akabander,"So my colony started with a domesticated warg, Paris. Paris has fought off raiders and generally been a major contributor to the group. Sadly, he took a bullet to the left eye and hasn't been quite as spry as he used to be. There are a few wild wargs in my zone. I think I'm going to try to tame a female so Paris can have a mate, and the colony can honor him by raising a litter of his puppies.We have enough chickens to keep a few wargs fed. Enough corn and hay to keep the chickens fed and breeding. I'm pretty sure this won't end with starving wargs eating a path through the humans. Like, 70% sure..."
,Recommended,294100,25125909,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Korin,The sheer complexity and fun of this game astound me.  I love it.
76561198256687635,Recommended,294100,25128145,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Handiclap,"So I had a pretty sweet colony going, you know lots of food good number of people. Then it happened. My fighter lost his left foot. ""Not bad"" I say to myself, after all I had a prosthetics mod on that let me make feet. So I make the foot and get him prepped for surgery. The doctor fails. Again I tell myself it's fine we'll just try again. So my doctor then cuts his arm off. ""Well crap time to save scum"" I tell myself. Then my surgeon stabs the poor man in his neck. (Note: IT WAS FOOT SURGERY, SHE WAS INSTALLING A WOODEN FOOT. WHERE IS A KNIFE EVEN USED?) Then I look at their relationship and see that number, the number I'll never forget. -99. Then I realised that this game is exactly like real life.Also here's something that should be memehttp://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/753/453790-Digital%20Hex%20Floor%203%20%28%0AFoil%29?filter=Candice"
76561198027393419,Recommended,294100,25285991,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,waz_ob,"Excellent game, active modding community."
,Recommended,294100,25297144,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wolfsbane,"I've started successful villages, fended off pirate raids, opened doors only to have my head blown off, and took out giant killer robots with a bow and arrow and an angry knife-wielding old lady.  Overall, 10/10."
,Recommended,294100,25298246,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Prestige more kids,My tamed turkey saved my colony by incapacitating the ♥♥♥♥♥ who knocked out my hunter.  Nuf said.
,Recommended,294100,31272630,Posted: 21 April,all,Forrial,"Great game, you just cant get bored playing this game and if you do you just didin't try mods for this game.I highlt recommend it for anyone! This is still Early Acces Game and many great addition will come."
76561198348733086,Recommended,294100,31282638,Posted: 21 April,all,Panda_King602,i lov da gam
76561198118799792,Recommended,294100,31148148,Posted: 14 April,all,Bungus231,"Day 1: Started off with a shooter named Bret, a depressed builder named Zebo, and Zebo's fiancee, Levine. Zebo also has a cat named Purple. All of our houses were built and everyone got along so well.Day 2: Bret has been rejected multiple times by Levine, although he knows that she and Zebo are engaged. Strangely, Bret and Zebo still remain pretty much best friends. Levine gets the idea of calling ourselves ""The Romans"" and designate our colony as ""New Rome"", hoping to be the strongest faction in the world someday.Day 3: For whatever reason, Zebo broke up with Levine. She became depressed. A woman named Ophelia decided to join us. She's a strong melee fighter, giving us even more hope for world conquest.Day 4: Zebo's sister Whitetaker (from an enemy faction) tries to attack us. Before she even comes close, Bret shoots and kills her. Zebo becomes even more depressed now that his sister is dead.Day 5: We start to realize that we're running out of food, and switch from growing potatoes to faster growing rice. A heat wave also rolls in, and everyone starts to get cranky.Day 6: Zebo becomes the first to start starving. In desperation, he and Bret desperately harvest all of our rice right after a blight hit. By sundown, Zebo begins to wander psychotically in his house.Day 7: Everyone's starving now. Bret has come down with severe heatstroke, and the others join soon after.Day 8: Bret gets so desperate for food that he starts shooting and killing every animal he can find and eating their corpses raw. Levine joins him, and she's the first to go insane. She attacks Zebo and they get into a knife fight. Bret is forced to shoot and subdue both of them, and he puts them in their beds. Bret is forced to go to bed too, because of his extreme heat stroke. Ophelia is the only one not incapacitated, and she tries her hardest to take care of Bret. By nightfall, she passes out in front of Bret's house from heat stroke and starvation. Soon after, Levine dies from blood loss.Day 9: By morning, Zebo also dies from blood loss, making his cat go insane. Ophelia wakes up and also goes insane, killing and eating Zebo's cat. Bret is finally able to get out of bed, and is forced to shoot and kill Ophelia when she tries to attack him. By nightfall, Bret goes insane and wanders to Whitetaker's decaying corpse and eats it. He goes back to bed.On morning of Day 10, Bret dies of blood loss.10/10 This game is amazing."
76561197990928016,Recommended,294100,24891238,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tony Chachere,"About the Game Itself:-3 Single Player ModesClassic ""Rimworld* Mode - You start with 3 crashlanded survivors and finite resources on a planet you don't know and you're tasked to build up a base and explore the planet.The Rich Explorer Mode - You start with 1 survivor and larger amount of starting resources on a planet you don't know and also tasked to build up a new colony base on the planet.Lost Tribe Mode - You Start with 5 tribesmen whose home was destroyed by the gods and now you're tasked to rebuild your tribe on a new home.- Open world- Top Down Rouge like style graphics- Some ""Real World"" logic in the game (Such as temperature plays a part on peoples moods/actions and also affects items in game depending on what item it is such as food left in high temperatures will spoil versus in colder temperatures where they are frozen and won't spoil)- PVE Aspects- Base Building- Crafting- Pet Taming- FarmingI bought this game when I was unemployed just a few days ago. Hoping that it would give me some solace as I find another job. As I paid the amount and got the game installed, I fumbled around the main menu and confused as to the different modes I could play and what they all meant, not letting it deter me I just swung into the ""classic"" Rimworld experience labeled ""The crashlanded"". Essientially in this mode you start with three survivors who crash land on a planet with a finite amount of resources to get your bases going.Now I'd have to admit it took me more than 4 resets to finally get going and understanding the controls of the game, that equals to almost 3-4 hours of gameplay of me just trying to figure out how to play this game, what the purpose of some buildings are, and how to actually arrange my base. (I don't like using walkthroughs or gameplays for new games I like to figure things out on my own.)  But after I figured it out, boy oh boy I was in it. Even though in my second attempt my colony was wiped out by one of its own inhabitants because I didn't think that when people get divorced in game, just like in real life they probably wouldn't want to continue sleeping in the same bed with one other leading to my male colonist completely murdering my entire colony because his mental state broke from sleeping next to his ex wife after they got divorced.....  I get a call the next day after experiencing such a tragic end to my colony for a job oppurtunity, I took the job. But I wish I didn'tI wish I didn't take it.I wish I was still unemployed.Rimworld has ruined me.11/10 would stay unemployed to play this game."
,Recommended,294100,26845615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheSadNumanator,nice
,Recommended,294100,31545014,Posted: 4 May,all,karl,i have played a lot of survival games but this is diff is a few ways some good some badi am not impressed with how much the game costs for what you get some of the fails seem unstoppable and unbalancedi like a challange as much as the next guy but some of the reasons i lost just felt like a kick in the nutsthat said i am not writing the game off it has potential if mods or admins are willing to fix unfare challanges impossible to beatthat said the mod community is huge i have yet to explore itmy feelings are so mixed its a good game it could be so much better i have played 2 or 3 days solid and enjoyed it so if you go by the 1euro to hour scale you get your moneys worth i can see myself playing again i just dont think this will ever be the game you say i cant wait to play again so right now i have a tough call to make thumbs up or thumbs down
,Recommended,294100,31539918,Posted: 4 May,all,Brad__,"Fantastic game, super relaxing to sit down after a long day and play about with a colony"
,Recommended,294100,31486893,Posted: 1 May,all,Nova,"Typical Rimworld.Got raided by hostile city faction, got prisoner Emma Fox (btw killed her husband in fight). Harvested her jaw, stomach and left eye. Planned to harvest everything else next day and my doctor gone to rest. This night Emma wakes up,  understands that tomorrow would be no better situation (planned to harvest lung and kidney) and escaped. By the way due the escape takes from the bloodied floor an assault rifle which my pawns didnt haul, shot off my doctors hand who tryes to stop her, also shot off my doctors pets timber wolf nose and wounded by my doctor at the left kidney. Sucsessfull escape!Two monthes later the leader of that faction dies and i see the new Leader of the Faction - Emma Fox! I just imagine how did she survives the long way to home with a bullet in kidney and figurally without half of the face, Silent leader without jaw and left eye.Now i wait when this lady with bionic protethes comes to revenge with a whole bunch of her raiders!10 Iron Lady - Emma Fox out of 10!"
76561198079117802,Recommended,294100,29344667,Posted: 18 January,all,Soufiane,This is one of the best games I've ever played and without any doubt the best early acces game here on Steam (2016). 10/10.
,Recommended,294100,31447720,Posted: 29 April,all,Swift,"I usually make funny reviews, because that's what you do on Steam, but I have to be serious this time.This game is great. In 3 days I played for 24 hours. It's an addiction I can't quit and wouldn't want to.Well worth the 30 dollars. Wait for a 25-50% sale if you aren't sure, but you'll regret not buying it earlier.Play a couple of vanilla games then stuff it with as many mods as you can find, they only enhance the experience."
76561197969608400,Recommended,294100,31467413,Posted: 30 April,all,Lenna,Delightful. A colonist named Squirrel liked to use his incendiary launcher to hunt deer. Squirrel caused several large fires. Squirrel isn't allowed in the armory anymore.
76561198011890142,Recommended,294100,24655723,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Winter Steel,"If you liked the base-building of ""Prison Architect"", but wanted to be a castaway survivor in a frontier planet fighting beasts, gangs of pirates and the very elements themselves, this is the game for you. They say it reminds one of Firefly, and that's not far off the mark. I've gone days with nothing troubling happening, and then suddenly your power blows, and a rabid turtle attacks and kills a wandering boomrat and now you're trying to stop a wildfire that's sweeping through your pastures, threatening your fields and you're trying desperately to get your crops in while praying for rain.An example of how things can suddenly go off-kilter. Playing as ""Winter"" Steel, we were minding our own business, with the colony struggling to hunt and get our first crops in for the season. Suddenly a pirate raid hit from the Fire Whips, but it turns out their leader is Winter's father, Jake. We fought and won, but Winter, their best hunter and doctor, was knocked unconcious during the fight. She gets taken to her room to recover, but her father is captured, and barely holds onto life for a day, before his wounds kill him. The secondary cook, as it turns out, had some experience in cannibalism, so ate most of Jake raw, made meat pies out of the rest, and fed them to Winter, while she recovered. When she was mobile again, she had not just eaten and killed her father, but now had to live down the stigma of not having a grave to bury him in.Winter went a little insane. She wandered around in the rain unconsolably for a couple days, her friends trying to keep the place together wihtout their best hunter and planter. She dropped her rifle somewhere (where a passing pirate stole it, I assume), and then stripped naked and stood in the rain in the back pastures, until she finally got back off her knees, got dressed again and began lending a hand. But she spent a lot of time in the graveyard, looking at all the pirates she had killed over the last few seasons, and her wandering made her sick with an infection. She wandered off on another hunting trip, when a rampaging man-hunting rhinocerous gored her, before being put down by the perimeter sentry guns.Once more sick and dying of an infection, her friends tried to console her, and nurse her through the sickness, but there was no medicne, and WInter was their best doctor. She mostly recovered, but as a fragile shell of herself, wandering through her days, doing what was needed, but never recovered her soul. She spent more and more time in the cemetary, and finally died of a heart attack next to her own granite sarcophogus.Here lies Winter Steel. Murdering depressed cannabilisitic warrior of the Rimworld frontier. I think she and Alison Reynolds are my two spirit animals.Play it. Make your own tale of woe and wonder. But don't fall in love with anyone. They will all die. Hard.PS - Best death yet. Eaten alive by a horde of thirty mad, manhungry capybara. Because that's how we all wanna go."
76561198095973290,Recommended,294100,31359313,Posted: 25 April,all,Nostra,This game is GREAT and has a huge replay value. Every run is new with awsome and brutal challenges. 9/10 would def recomend.
,Recommended,294100,29473289,Posted: 24 January,all,AnAngryGoose,"You begin this game expecting to just manage a colony, but you end harvesting the organs of the 2 guys who came to raid you.I love this game. Anything can happen, and it probably will. Rimworld is my favorite."
,Recommended,294100,25003941,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Spinkick,"I'm having a blast with this game. There is always something to do and part of the fun in learning how to play. Half the price of No man's sky, and 100 times more fun."
,Recommended,294100,25579569,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Danger Noodle,"Saved my dog from a cougar after it bit off two of her feet, then watched her get eaten by a bear anyway as soon as she healed because dogs can't run very fast on stubs.10/10 would build a marble sarcophagus for a dog again.In all seriousness if you've ever attempted to get into Dwarf Fortress and couldn't because of the horrifying UI, this game is much more accessible at the cost of less depth and randomization. The in game lore is very cool, but not fully present in the game itself yet. For example, while there is technology in the game all the way from neolithic era up to transcedent technological Gods, but there are only really two technological starting points. I'd like to see custom world generation where you determine the max tech level planet-wide, and it can improve over time as NPC's and player controlled characters discover new tech.The price is a little steep for what it is, but the way I see it I already have enough hours in the game and enjoyment out of it to justify what I paid."
76561198003410234,Recommended,294100,31284114,Posted: 21 April,all,Mr.Harald,"A must-have for every person who enjoy management games. This game is addictive, deep, interesting and polished. If you let someone play this without seeing the store page, they would never be able to guess it is a game in early access.This game should be a role model for all other early access games."
,Recommended,294100,28351588,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Great pass!,"Don't be put off by the graphics; this game is 100% worth your money. Addicting and brutal, you will guide your colony to certain destruction...and then start over, trying not to repeat the mistakes of the past.Ironman mode is highly recommended for the most authentic, fear-inducing gameplay possible."
,Recommended,294100,31765550,Posted: 15 May,all,Teffff,This game made me realize my ability at naming towns is just as bad as my ability to manage a colony.RIP in peace Middle-of-the-desertville...
,Recommended,294100,32269490,Posted: 8 June,all,DaChocoTaco,"The single most brutal, unforgivening base builder game with so many seductive elements (survival strategy, diverse characters, engaging small team combat) that keeps you coming back for more. After I bought RimWorld, I haven't stopped playing it because I keep wanting to master my strategy, learning from my mistakes (many, many, many mistakes)."
76561198036356575,Recommended,294100,30086310,Posted: 21 February,all,CrazyJay,"My Rimworld Story: One sunny day, in my medium sized colony, my colonists were in the middle of a good summer harvest. Suddenly, sirens sound, the screen flashes red, and at the bottom right corner a small box with the words ""Raid (boss)"" appear. What does that mean? It means that the supreme leader of the planetwide pirate band has joined in on a raid on my peaceful colony. Raiders pop out of drop pods, assault rifles, snipers, and the boss, weilding a rocket launcher. I send my colonists to their positions, my colonists survive, but we still have casualties: two adult alpacas, and a newborn alpaca, less than a season old. The raiders are all either dead or too hurt to move. Among the barely living is the pirate boss. For the crime of killing my alpacas, death is too light a punishment. I learn that my colonists would gain a mood boost for killing the leader, but it isn't worth it. I capture the leader, I put him in a nice cell, I tend his wounds using the best medicine, feed him the best of food, he is going to need it. Once his wounds are healed, tended by my nurse, I bring in my doctor, who also has the psychopath trait. My prisoner falls asleep, and my doctor goes to work. When the pirate boss wakes up, he isn't sure that he is awake, everything is still black, ""Am I dead?"" he may have thought. ""No, I can still feel the pain."" He cannot see. His eyes have been replaced with golden orbs (thanks btw modders for that) his legs have been replaced with logs for him to waddle on. He touches his own body, franticly, trying to find waht else has been ripped from his body. He is horrified, and his horror is intensified as he hears somebody enter the room. He kicks and screams as he is grabbed forcefully, and led out of his luxorious room. He is sure he is going to die now. He hears a knife being drawn, but they cut nothing but the bindings from his hands. He is sent away. To wander blindly through a hostile planet. He probably got mauled by wild animals or even killed by the pirate gang he once commanded, but I dont like that ending. I imagine that he is drifting around, begging for scraps, aimless. I like to imaging that he occasionally grabs a random passerby, and just tells his story, not unlike the old sailor from Coleridge's ""Rime of the Ancient Mariner""10/10 Early access means noting this is easily one of the best games i've played and continue to play"
76561198152476109,Recommended,294100,32097332,Posted: 31 May,all,igfische,"An addicting and challenging roguelike game. Brilliant in its simple goal, survive. With so many options for how to build your town, this provides endless replay."
76561198001893242,Recommended,294100,32102664,Posted: 1 June,all,MAGA MAN,"Great Game, I've spent over 100 hours playing it."
76561198012216519,Recommended,294100,24533691,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ptahnyx,Awesome colony builder/story creator lots of fun!
,Recommended,294100,24535482,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kilerkg,Great game
76561197992847087,Recommended,294100,24536118,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blazer9er,The Rimworld experience...Started one crashed survivor mode on random + challengingSurvivor was a cannibalAte my first companionAte my second...uhh first companion.Ate my first companion.Killed traders and harvested their organs to sell to their other trader friendsRan out of human meat to eat and be jolly on (human meat raw eating bonus)Turned psychotic and attacked huge vicious animalHuge vicious animal destroyed both legsDied in own pool of blood hoping I could somehow eat myself to deathDied and started another game10/10 for how one random seed goes completely out of control. Buy it. totally worth your time if you're into this type of sandbox survival/Dwarf Fortress type game.
76561198021697071,Recommended,294100,32097319,Posted: 31 May,all,Xtinktshun,"This is my first base building game I have enjoyed and I think it is amazing. The developer seems very dedicated and the community has been putting out great mods to fill in gaps and add variety albiet some a bit strange. I cannot recommend this game enough.  It is frustrating at times, funny at times and when you think you are doing great along comes a raiding party with machine guns and mortars and ruins your entire base. Or even worse everyone gets food poisoning and dies.I have only managed to get to a dominate point in 2 games where I could take any raiders, heal most disease and had a big enough settlement to start another.  Game keeps getting better so just buy it now and start enjoying it."
76561198372900012,Recommended,294100,30613159,Posted: 19 March,all,Bakar,One of the best game i have ever played
,Recommended,294100,32314771,Posted: 10 June,all,TK,"This game is epic and deep. I'll admit that I didnt like how this game actualy looked from screenshots when I was checking it out at first, but playing it is another story. It really draws you in. the art style and some building mechanics are like Prison Architect, but this game takes things much further. This is definitly my kind of game (creative sandbox survival)."
76561198035887700,Recommended,294100,32226910,Posted: 6 June,all,Dipilodorkus,"Finders keepers, losers cowboyhat"
,Recommended,294100,32376909,Posted: 12 June,all,Miss Paralysis,"Rimworld is one of those niche games that is hard to enjoy, but if you do, it is one of the greatest and best time consuming games you would play. The countless stories you'll experience and tell, from a band of young tribals, advancing in technology and after years of hardship, are able to just sit in a nicely air conditioned room to crack a open a cold one with the boys, to stories about a lone survivor from a ship crash barely making it by. If you feel that you are up for the challenge of taking care of a bunch of people as they try to survive on a Rimworld, then this is the game for you! Just remember, dying is fun and a learning experience."
76561198241376898,Recommended,294100,32667486,Posted: 22 June,all,AnnieBeadle98,Honestly I think I judged this game to quick. This hidden gem shines through with its beautifull yet simplistic design and fun gameplay.  I commend the developers for all their hard work in creating this piece and apologise for not giving it a shot. I look forward to future updates of the game and seeing just whaat they will come up with next.
,Recommended,294100,32608230,Posted: 20 June,all,trame,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,294100,26637039,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RektorGadget,"Incredible strategy experience. If you enjoy strategy, this is the game for you. Endearing graphics, character depth, modding support, the drama, the excitment, then rush!I would pay $60 for this game if it released at that price, and thats while it is still in alpha."
76561198112343472,Recommended,294100,26638903,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cheese,"I recently discovered RimWorld and I absolutely love it! The graphics do not need to be cutting edge to make an incredible game and this is just further proof of that. I have only put about 10 hours into this game so far but with all the unique scenarios, environments, colonists, and challenges, I believe this is a game you could play for years on end and still enjoy.I'm excited to see where the dev's take this and what will be implemented in the future. Reading RimWorld stories can be equally entertaining and hilarious. In my short time so far playing, I've already experience the swing of emotions that only truly great games can provide. I highly recommend this game, once you get your feet under you (just like every other game) the true fun and possibilities open up. I spent hours reading reviews and stories of RimWorld before purchasing.. and not because I was worried about wasting $30 but because I found myself enjoying the reviews / RimWorld stories that others have shared.You won't be disappointed so give it a try."
,Recommended,294100,32619951,Posted: 21 June,all,Accurate Italian Bread,I've played over 24 hours of Rimworld in less than a week.
,Recommended,294100,32802004,Posted: 25 June,all,hameh,- get raided by some enemy pirate faction- kill most but there's 1 enemy knocked down dying slowly- capture him and nurse him back to health- tell a colonist with 0 skill in medical to remove this dude's arms and legs for experience- also 1 lung and 1 kidney just in case we need extra cuz ya never know- install wooden peg legs so he can walk away- dope him up on smokeleaf and beer to prevent him from having a mental break- slide in some ambrosia for another mood boost- let him go free- watch as he takes two in game days to leave your map- a few in-game seasons later watch as the same pirate faction raids you again- see the same dude you tortured earlier waddle towards your colony for revengeamazing game
76561198071720482,Recommended,294100,26683758,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,pyr0kid,"the fun dumb review.day 1. 1 hour.day 2. 0 hours.day 3. went to bed at 4 am.day 4. 20 hours.day 5. 30 hours.later that week. 45 hours.in short, get the game. get some mods, forget to look at your clock andlose all sense of time.the much less fun review.PROSgreat mod supportgood modsnice playerbase/non toxic playerbase.fun game♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of potentialno one would ever knew this wasnt the full game if it was sold as a full gamenothing like minecraftCONSnot all mods can be removed from your save file, keep backupslike any game mods can brick your save file, hasnt happened to me since i got the game32-bitkinda needs4gb patchif you REALLY like modsthe game can run out of ram while saving and then doesnt save and cant save, we do mod that fixes it floating around somewhere"
76561197999457448,Recommended,294100,24802446,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr. Jingel´s,Best Game
76561198044528897,Recommended,294100,24815740,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,marlowe8991,Excellent game overall. If you've always wanted to try these sandbox colony building games ala Dwarf Fortress but were turned off by graphics or learning curve I'd say give Rimworld a try. Its charming and surprisingly deep. The modding community will surely extend the life beyond the retail version as well.I'm 30 hours in at this point and have no real game fatigue yet!
,Recommended,294100,24963463,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RyanMC98,Very Interesting. I recomend it.  Fun and challanging with lots to do.  Very surprising for a 2d game to catch my intrest.
,Recommended,294100,24995940,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheGermanMarine,"Amazing Game. But I would only recommend it if you are willing to wait to understand it. I have a commbined 147 hours between both my steam accounts. This game is fun, but very time consuming. After 147 hours in I don't even understand half of the game. It is a very interesting, unique, out of this world game. When the game is finished I would recommened everyone to buy this game. But for $30 I think you can save your money and buy another game. If you do plan on buying the game however take your time and don't rush into the game. I had my first colony destroyed in less than an hour. Overall I would rate this game a 7/10"
76561198156031933,Recommended,294100,24996398,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Jonsuman,Awesome!
76561197987279837,Recommended,294100,24998964,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sir Tomiltons,I love this game! It has a lot of potential and definately was worth the money!
76561198061721814,Recommended,294100,25000046,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,papagrizz,"So I went into this game with little to no expectations.  I was looking for something to kill some time when Im between netflix binges.  It looked just ok, nothing too amazing, but I never really played anything in this genre as I usually dislike sim type games.  I bought it for $30 and initally just hoped to get a few days of enjoyment out of it and never look at it ever again.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥BALLS MOTHER OF GOD THIS GAME IS FUN!  I've never been so involved in a game.  There are times where I want to punch my screen and throw my computer off the top of my apartment complex.  Times when literally everything is going wrong and Im powerless to do anything about it.  Then there are times where things are going amazingly well.  You focus on making sure your best pawns are kept alive and well and happy.  You're constructing awesome bases and everything just falls into place perfectly.  The ups and downs in this game are extreme and I love it.  This game is amazing.There are a few downsides, dont get me wrong.  This is still in ""alpha"" so Ive seen a few bugs here and there but nothing too major.  My biggest gripe is the absolute lack of a tutorial.  Not even quick tips or anything.  You're kind of expected to just play the game.  Luckily I read enough reviews agreeing with that, so I watched probably a good hour or so of ""intro"" and ""how to"" videos on youtube.  Incredibly helpful.  Im not sure I would have lasted 5 minutes without them, and probably would have just left the game untouched or refunded it.  Its not the most intuitive game, but once you get the hang of things, it works out.I'm not sure Ive ever played a game that is so detailed in terms of what you're able to do.  The level of micro managment available to you is incredible.The best part of the game are the situations/stories you get.  My friend and I both bought the game together and are noobs together, and the back and forth we have telling each other about funny situations is the best part of the game.  He'll be doing amazingly well (same world, same spawn, etc) while things are blowing up and Im watching the world crumble around me, or it'll be the other way around.Verdict:  Buy this game.  It's great.  I've yet to successfully ""beat the game"" through 4-5 playthroughs but I'm enjoying the living hell out of it."
76561198122441065,Recommended,294100,25220867,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kermit the Frog,"Here's the story of my very first colony.So, there's a tutorial now so I did that. But, when the ""Raiding"" part of the tutorial came by, I decided to have my 1 melee person attack a ranged person. She managed to get up to him, and severely wound him, but her leg got ♥♥♥♥ING SHOT OFF! Then the same happened to him. I rescued her, and installed a peg leg(I know, that's ♥♥♥♥ing cool). Everything went as normal, with our colony of women with a dog. I got a fourth person somewhere around 30 minutes of play time. So, after around 2 and a half hours went by, all of the ladies were sleeping, when all of the sudden, a ♥♥♥♥ing flashstorm came by, and started the whole place on fire. Everything was complete and utter chaos. The one person I thought of as a leader went to go save someone who was in need of rescue, and when she went inside, she just collapsed. On the other hand, the person she was carrying made it out, but left her there. All of my buildings burned down, my ""leader"" died, and the fire kept raging on. The fire had reached some artillery shells I found, and then blew them up. That may not seem too bad, but the person the ""leader"" sacrificed her life for got blown up. The other two people were doing something else in a place I don't know, but then the person who got blown up died. The dog was injured too, but of course, the dog is more important then the human. What happened after that was a series of raids, that got the dog handler kidnapped. We got another person during that time, but she only had a knife. The other lady(The one that still had a gun), went beserk, and incapacitated the new blood. Then, a raider came along, killed her, and left the new blood to bleed out. She was just bleeding out for a good 15 minutes, and then it all ended.10/10 would have a tragic event happen to innocent people again."
76561197985160087,Recommended,294100,25294192,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,L3adbelly,"Awesome game, easily described as Gnomoria in Space. Game is easy at times, unforgivingly punishing at others, thanks to the various random events that regularly happen. Have lost 4 colonies already, and the last one that's going strong ran out of components with no traders in sight. Oh well, on to colony no. 6 :)"
76561198163863744,Recommended,294100,25294207,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Arlekin,"> start colony> everything goes well> heat wave starts!> ok, i can manage, we just need hats> flashstorm hits> i made weird zoning rules to protect my people from going into sun> before i figured out why i can't extinguish fires quarter of the map was burning> only 3 out of 5 colonists can firefight> well... ♥♥♥♥...> but its ok, as long as im able to hold the fire at bay, away from my buildings> two riders came and started attacking my firefighters> well... ♥♥♥♥...> i killed them (yay!)> the fire starts consuming my buildings> well... ♥♥♥♥...> one of my guys loses it, takes dead rider corpse and eats it raw in dining room, while the rest of the crew burns outside> while the last cries for help die outside, my guy calmly starts to play billard... apparently oblivious to the fact that all walls are ablaze...11/10 would play billard again"
,Recommended,294100,25310878,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Anders,"Not many strategy games get me hooked these days, but this one is a rare gem."
,Recommended,294100,25348088,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Anna Garcia,Best game ever. High replay value.
,Recommended,294100,31674122,Posted: 10 May,all,keltobin,This may be one of my favorite games ever.  It covers all the bases (see what I did there) of base building and survival.  The best thing about it is the customization and support.  I love games that give you choices for how to play.  The workshop community is amazing.
76561198047150037,Recommended,294100,24363678,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,xcrazysaintx,"Highly addictive gameplay... you have the colonists with there problems and usefullness, random events to keep challanging you even after a long time after starting the colony, having to build up a working society and funchioning base to make there home and a not so end objective of returning to space.Even if you think the game isn't much to look at, the depth of play and control is on another level so glad that I got this and am loving it."
76561198121902541,Recommended,294100,24453858,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Reasonable Atheist,"My first colony died a mess, after one person died everyone kept going on long walks and starving themselves past death. Nobody bothered to feed our prisoner in their states of confusion, so he died. This in turn made everyone super bloodthirsty and angry, so they shot each other to bits. During this, we had a flashshock (tons and tons of lightning) and a raid, which completely destroyed our base, killed our dog, and left our final few colony members to die of disease and be burned alive.10/10 and I'm trying again baby! :)This game is great, I highly recommend"
,Recommended,294100,24463984,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,redp,"The best of the Dwarflikes with a relatively strong mod community. While catastrophically difficult, it's worth buying."
76561197979258789,Recommended,294100,24994158,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Turd the Third,"Wow what an amazing game!So complex yet very easy to learn the basics.I haven't played with the more advance tech yet because one of my favourite colonist dies every time and so I decide to reroll on a new map (on normal diff).Cause of deaths: Roof collapse, untreated infection, failed operation, shot by raider, shot by an ally, eaten by a timber wolf, stampeded by a wild beaver, and so on...I never played dwarf fortress but if you like games with awesome gameplay like factorio and faster than light, then you will most definatly love this game.Also the modding community is great and the mods are easily implemented into the game."
,Recommended,294100,24996820,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BellumNine,I really enjoy this game! It is really creative and the replayability is good as well. It's a little hard for me past the first 2 difficulties but i'd definetely recommend it
,Recommended,294100,24997483,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,N3GR0L0V3R816,"Awesome game, very difficult. If losing isn't something you enjoy, don't pick it up. The best thing that could be added right now is the ability to raid player bases."
76561198032194988,Recommended,294100,24535157,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Adamzlatan,"After watching numerous hours of this game on TWITCH I knew this wasnt for me. Yet day after day I found myself watching a little bit more wondering how people could play it. Against my better judgment I decided to take the plunge and bought it........BEST DECISION EVER. Trust me if you are sitting on the fence or unure just give it a try. With the new refund system you should be able to see if its something you want to try more of. Every game is different from the random characters, random lands and random events. To the Different biomes you can start in. This game is without a doubt the best mistake I have ever made!"
,Recommended,294100,26994970,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Natirs,I may recommend this game.
,Recommended,294100,26181595,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lord_Remoss,I've played 125 hours at the time of this review... What more needs said? I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,294100,27114694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,angch,Very accessible Dwarf Fortress lite game.
,Recommended,294100,27065062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Termiite ◄BG-M►,"I love this game, Its all there needs to be in a colony builder/survival game. Even then the Dev Tynan is actively communicating and updating this amazing game."
,Recommended,294100,27091913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kiefy,"This game is truly amazing, while it does take some time to get use to (this has been massivly reduced with the introduction of an in-game tutorial that has been implemented since i first played it), it really is the pick of the early access games that you just know it is going somewhere. With the AI doing what they do best, the creator always talking on the forums (his trying to make it more mod friendly, and adding a competition to make a mod into the base game) and those animals you fall in love with. you just cant help yourself but say i want 5 more minutes and next thing you know its 4am, you have to get up in 4 hours for work and you already know you are screwed, but it was totally worth it because you expanded your base that little more, defended against those pirates, recovered from a disastrous event that has happened or unfortunetly you just dont want to go to bed because your favourite animal companion got hurt from a band of raiding pirates.This game is truly wortth your time, even though it is early access it feels like a full game already it truly is amazing and i cant even express the ammount of enjoyment in words that this game will bring you as you become connected to your pawns."
,Recommended,294100,27233178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DRAYGANN,this game is awesome but it needs little few impovements like new items and new animalsbut still i love this game and you can play it for hours without even noticing the day went by.
,Recommended,294100,27189987,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moro,Losing is Fun!
76561198176037737,Recommended,294100,25790898,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,HSD Fatal,"This game... its quite simply legendary. I'll tell you some highlights of my game experience (take in mind i had seen videos before playing)My first Colony:I chose the standard biome (forest) and got some overall good colonists. 25 minutes later everyone died to manhunter boomalope pack.My Second Colony:I have stopped playing this colony but have built the spaceship and can leave at any time. this colony really gave me an apreciation for the game. I learned a bunch and realised how addictive this game is. i would play for 2-3 hours straight and feel like it was 30min. the game sucks you in and doesnt let you out.My third Colony (now including mods!)OMG MODS ARE SOOOOOO GREATTTTT. Ahem. Mods are what makes this game great. The community is really doing great things for this game. From prepare carefully (my possibe fav) where u can make your colonist anything you want, to  more effiecent lamps, so you dont waste all your power. Honestly if you get this game i would say get mods almost immediatly. or at least after you know the basics.Conclusion:I would highly recommend this game for its realism, addictiveness, and great community pumping out amazing mods :)"
76561197982236193,Recommended,294100,27211012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Collic,Absolutely brilliant game.  Full of depth aand interesting systems that create surprising emergent gameplay. Also a shoe-in for the 'best use of farm animals' award.
,Recommended,294100,27528033,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nobel,"After years of playing a similar game, RimWorld provides a great experience with the added benefit of graphics and a lot more variability in randomness of encounters.  The building of character sets and then base building is challenging as you get further along but that makes it more interesting for me.  Definitely a worthwhile pick up."
,Recommended,294100,31327294,Posted: 23 April,all,Okami Vakarian,"So far I have LOVED this game! A dear close friend and I play it all the time together, being on calls and talking about what's going on with our colonies.I REALLY wish and look forward to this game being multi-player. My friend and I always wanted to build a colony together and such but I do know it takes a while for a game like this to become a multi-player based game (it took Minecraft several years to achieve this).Other than the game play and such, really love this game! Love the realism in the survival. Including the cute made up animals such as Muffalo (I named one of mine Moo-ffin) heh."
76561198166056307,Recommended,294100,27048995,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Apricity,I have lost many hours to this game. Very recommended
76561198134503298,Recommended,294100,32785650,Posted: 25 June,all,vmtruelove,"Certainly one of my personal favourite colony sandbox simulation games around. Plenty of You Tube showings of how to play and what to do. Try not to melt down with the raids, etc. the storyteller throws at you though!"
,Recommended,294100,32784873,Posted: 25 June,all,zac2241,Great game with huge mod support!!
,Recommended,294100,24870385,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cusser,"Are you happy now?!? Can you taste my salty tears! They're all dead! A 5-day heatwave and a plague at the same time? Really?!? Well, on to a new colony I guess!"
,Recommended,294100,32071740,Posted: 30 May,all,CheezyMike,"There are only two steam purchases I don't at least partially regret. This is one of them.For those of you that enjoy complex base builders, Rimworld is great. There are many reasources to micromanage and a slightly overwhelming jobs menu to make your pawns do the work. The best part of the game however, is watching the tragedy that is your colonists lives unfold. You often have a mixed bag of colonists who can and can't do things, and each one has a randomly generated tree of relationships, and sometimes in random events they'll show up. Randiom events create an interesting and engaging let tragic story that will inevitably end in your colonists going crazy and burning your food supplies down."
,Recommended,294100,25516541,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SoulHamster,Makes you feel depressed and stressed out all the time.Great game 10/10
76561198052182305,Recommended,294100,32904554,Posted: 27 June,all,||PBC||imhopkins,"Its just like prison architect, Sims, mixed with a space game, it makes you want more even when the game hurts you, you want the pain becasue it makes you stronger. cant wait for the full game."
,Recommended,294100,33013507,Posted: 29 June,all,Midnight Overdrive,"Keep some slave in a♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood, and vomit filled room for 3 years. Eventually sold him to a slaver and they left him behind, so I recaptured him and put him back in his♥♥♥♥♥♥prison until he died. 10/10 would be a slaver again"
76561198094008221,Recommended,294100,33018838,Posted: 29 June,all,NeshX,This game is an absolute gem! Its a perfect mix of action and strategy. I Highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,294100,33013232,Posted: 29 June,all,Papa Smurf,"Best money to value ratio of any game on the steam store. A must buy, 11 stars out of 5."
76561198061853760,Recommended,294100,33014060,Posted: 29 June,all,mydeadchicken,So much replayabilty and the mod community is great!
76561198061939558,Recommended,294100,32705527,Posted: 23 June,all,KrzyWasabi,"Just buy this game. I've been playing it since alpha 4 and have seen this game evolve and grow so much. Dev is awesome and constantly adds more content. Modding community is awesome and supported by the dev. Seriously, just buy this.One of my most memorable stories to ever come out of this game is the time when I made a colony into a drug empire. We mass produced stashes of Yayo, Flake, Smokeleaf, and Beer.One day, we got a message through the comms station. Some guy named Trigger was being chased by the Ash Scorpions (Pirates) and asked us to take him in. He was also the father of one of my most useful colonists, Engie. So, of course I let him in and get ready to fight the pirates. Then I noticed one of Trigger's traits. He had Chemical Fascination. Which means he will constantly go on drug binges and can not be controlled.I have stacks beyond stacks of drugs stashed all over the place.During the raid, Trigger gets sniped by one of the pirates and takes a bullet to the brain. He somehow survives this but now has permenant brain damage. ""Cool,"" I thought ""I have a mod that allows brain surgery"". When I'm about to do the operation, another disaster hits. A hive infestation. And it spawns right in rec room where two of my colonists, Engie and Kimmy, were. Engie was playing pool nearby and immediately has her head chopped off by a Megaspider. Kimmy gets her right leg cut off and is incapped.We manage to kill off the hive by lighting the entire room on fire. Kimmy bled to death before she could be saved, so there was really nothing else to be lost in that room except a bunch of furniture and sculptures. Meanwhile, Trigger goes insane since his daughter was killed and hobbles out of his hospital bed and heads over to the drug storage room. Even though he's moving pretty slowly (brain damage), my colonists are too busy putting out the massive fire in the rec room to arrest him. He makes it to the drug room, lights up a smokeleaf joint... and I immediately get the alert message ""Trigger has died because of stoned on smokeleaf"".I was like WTF? Then I realized that: 1) Smokeleaf lowers a person's consciousness and 2) Trigger already had a low conciousness due to brain damage.TL;DR: Sad old man commits suicide with weed because his daughter was killed by an insect."
,Recommended,294100,24932261,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gandalf-is-total-bro,"Got this game 2 days ago. 12.6hrs clocked. Can't stop. Pls crash some pods with more time. Oh, and also my wife ate her dead cat. I hope Happy was delicious because corpse of pistolman wasn't and I had to eat him."
,Recommended,294100,26113739,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Captain Jama,"Got raided by 2 pirates, kill one and capture the other.Harvested their ears, eyes, nose, jaw, stomach, kidney, lung and then their heart.I now run an organ selling operation!"
,Recommended,294100,26112931,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Wiiyoo,Pirate grenadier blew up two of his raiding buddies then ran away 10/10
76561198119437964,Recommended,294100,28682139,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Captain Paradox,"Yeah, I know... I don't have a lot of playtime on this game. I'm going to tell you, however, my opinion thus far and mmaybe I'll edit as I go on and learn new things. Giving you both a fresh and honest prespective early in, and further down the road of sandbags and exploding alien creatures.Day one.RimWorld, is a colony simulator. Infact, it is the perfect colony simulator. Combining all sorts of aspects from survival, to bulding your base and even keeping track of your colonists social interactions with eachother. You must also monitor their moods and needs to ensure no one goes and has a mental breakdown. Make sure everyone is fed, and that your trusty pet companions stay alive. You can have visitors come to your colony at random times. Some are friendly, and some are not. And even the ones who are friendly, you can attack anyway. But watch out for their knives. You can then also capture enemies, and bring them into your colony or sell them. This adds to the survival side of things, you are not just trying to not starve and stay warm, but you need to set up a defense. Some security. However you must also watch out for disasters like fires. My first time playing, a fire started when my colonists were asleep and it spread into a great blaze ingulfing a chunk of the land and was headed for my colony. My colony was on the other side of a hill so I was likely to be okay but my supply storage was on the side closer to the fire. So I tried to beat out the flames but it wasn't good enough. The fire had grown too much. As I said my goodbyes, a miracle presented itself. It rained. Putting out the blaze quickly enough and saving my land. I simply could have ordered my colonists to move the storage supply somewhere else but I'm dumb like that and for some reason never thought of it. But that was in my first game which I am still playing currently and is going well. I can surely say I am enjoying this game beyond measures so far and I highly recommend it to anyone with a taste for survival/building/community management games."
76561198113230048,Recommended,294100,26002052,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,mrchewy,"this is the only game where you can have someone be patching up an elephant named hillary when such person goes into a rage where the first thing they attack is hillary. then, after trying to run away, hillary gets fed up and knocks out my colonist in two hits. after that hillary takes it upon herself to deliver the uncouncious colonist to the nearest hospital bed and then she proceeds to return to her bed and wait for her treatment.i just wanted to share that story, but all in all its a really fun game to play. sure it was EXTREMELY confusing at first, but the tips it gave me helped me form my own playstyle and i am currently trying to do another run with harder conditions.most importantly tho. amp the thrumbos"
76561198136103333,Recommended,294100,30202204,Posted: 26 February,all,ToastyTrumpet,"One day I was playing this game, and I got distracted with my brother's music shenanigans. I left RimWorld at x3 speed, and I got raided by two factions at once, and my base eventually burnt to the ground and all of my hardworking colonists died.11/10 would be double raided again"
,Recommended,294100,31685740,Posted: 11 May,all,fortoxals,Very good game. It's something else
76561198091012586,Recommended,294100,31715755,Posted: 12 May,all,Mike Echo,"This game is really fun.Beginnings: First had 3 colonists (forgot their names), they all got heatstroke and died. I decided to wait a little...Ending: A lady named Libby finally comes, she harvests the food, fixes the machinery. Life goes well. Next, a freaking wussy, sorry excuse for a fat lady joins it. She's good at mining and constructing, but she goes through countless meltowns and drug overdoses. Eventually a lady named melee comes, she's a pyromaniac. Melee is fine and is a great fighter and constructor. For a bit life is well. Eventually, a smuggler named latch comes along, she is actually really helpful and has a good aim. For awhile the 4 are living a good, life have lots of food... But it wasn't until winter, when all Hell broke lose. Latch went crazy for some reason and started a massive fire, but thankfully it didn't burn down the colony. But it was her 7th fire spree, so we euthanized her... After that all went well. Soon, Melee's dad arrived to visit, but he was hurt. About 2 nights after his visit, Melee went mad, and started a fire in the colony. it grew and grew... And then 4 heavily armed raiders arrived. I sent all my colonists to fight them off. We fought them off but Libby was hurt, we had her try to fight the fire more, it was raging. Libby faced severe burns and collasped. The rest of the colonists ran. Melee's dad was hurt as well. Libby couldn't get up an burn't alive. Latch's body went up in flames. But the fire died down. And we were left with one medium sized barrack. Parker and melee tended to Melee's dad's  wounds. They then struggled for the next day as -5 degree temperatures ravaged the land. The next night.. Parker and Latch where gathering wood to help insulate the building. Then they got into a fight... Parker sevely injured Melee and left her to die in a heavy snow storm at night. Parker fed Melee's unsuspecting dad, and went to bed. Then, Melee's dad literally woke up in the middle of the night, and looked for melee... He found her frozen and dead. Melee's dad then rushed into Parker's room (while a caravan arrived) and beat up Parker badly, but didn't kill her. Melee's dad then came out and attacked the caravan, but they killed him. Parker slowly died in her freezing room. And it was the end for Lakeside Ridge."
76561198010597262,Recommended,294100,31750105,Posted: 14 May,all,Darf mol,A good game for bad people.
76561198075536268,Recommended,294100,31725858,Posted: 13 May,all,DeBooie98,A really entertaining and enjoyable game.
76561198041314301,Recommended,294100,31736250,Posted: 13 May,all,Gmoney,"I've probably spent hundreds of dollars on survival, colony type games and I regret buying all of them now.I regret buying them, because this game has everything I love about all of them in one, with amazing workshop support. Arguably my favorite game on steam when I am bored or looking for a challenge at harder difficulties.I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes this genre, so you can finally find the masterpiece you want and not waste money like me, looking for it."
,Recommended,294100,31144137,Posted: 14 April,all,Sappybunny,"I played this game. I currently enjoy playing this game. I do this because I enjoy watching a pack of manhunting rats meticulously pick apart my best shooters as they fail to hit stationary rats even with miniguns and use the rest of my colony as a luxurious rat nest. Edit: Knives are very good at killing rats, my colony is sa- *A racoon has gone wild*10/10 Would get mauled by a racoon and cower in a corner waiting for death again."
76561198175323770,Recommended,294100,31770509,Posted: 15 May,all,redrodger1234,"10/10 Hands down.  Ignore the cartoony graphics because the game has the best randomly generated scenarios that I have ever experienced.Here is just one of the hundreds of experiences Ive had.-Colonist randomly joins but has to mine his way to my secluded mountain base.  He's not great at it.  He has five blocks to go when a manhunting pack of Muffalo's (not a typo) enters the area behind him.  I zoom in and order him to continue digging for his life.  I listen to the chipping of stone like clock work, every swing a step to freedom.  The tone soon turns sinister as the moans of the manhunters slowly approach.  Two blocks left.  The moans grow louder.  I send my best fighters to give him covering fire when he breaches the wall.  They wait.  The chipping stops.  Its replaced by slamming and groans of the herd.  Then just....silence.  Only the prompt of a colonist death breaching the quiet.  We then killed and ate that herd, buried the colonist, and have an art installation to commemorate him passing next to his sarcophagus.Life is hard on The Rim and you'll likely die for no good reason at all, but man does it make for a fun experience."
76561197998980518,Recommended,294100,31653713,Posted: 9 May,all,GreaseMan,"- Have a fat slovenly female colonist named Sayuri who refuses to do anything except hunt and clean- She can't hit anything with her rifle- She constantly complains- She has horrible movement speed, always shows up late for a draft- She is out hunting a pack of beavers- She angers them with her pitiful damage, they turn violent and begin to gnaw on her- We send help but she receives 6-7 solid beaver bites, gets patched up- That same day a cold snap hits and she doesn't have the proper clothing- Bandits attack in the middle of the night, it's 2 degrees farenheit out- They are all armed with flame throwers and molotovs- We defeat them but all colonists have burn injuries- There is a fire heading towards our settlement from the fight- We spend half the night beating out the fire, Sayuri refuses to fight fires- While watching us battle the fire Sayuri has a psychotic break from having been gnawed on by beavers, lit on fire by bandits and having to fight in below freezing weather- She begins wandering around in the cold, gets frostbite on her fingers- By morning she has come to her senses, greedily wolfs down 5-6 fine meals- Then she has another psychotic break and begins lighting fires around the colony- We arrest her and put her in a prison cell- I've had it with Sayuri, I fireproof around the prison cell area, get one of my men to equip the incendiary launcher- Fire a single shot inside the cell- Everyone go about your business, nothing to see here- Sayuri burns to death in prison cell- ""Yeah I dunno, she must've had a lighter or something.  You know how she was lighting fires all over homebase...""10/10, awesome game so far.  Highly recommend.  Especially if you enjoy survival type games.  I'm almost at my year mark on my first game and I'm getting into medicine production and churning out quality assault rifles.  Very fun."
,Recommended,294100,32397416,Posted: 13 June,all,Szpw,"Rimworld has you lead around crash-landed space colonists to establish a colony on the surface of a hostile planet.  You build a base, defend from raids, gather resources and trade with neighbouring factions.  You can even send colonists on expeditions or raid the raiders themselves!  Each colonists has different strengthes and weaknesses, and it's hard not to find yourself becoming attached to them.What makes Rimworld truly enjoyable is that there's no ""endgame"" point - a variety of threats can bring even the strongest colony to it's knees.  Perhaps a harsh winter might force you to rely on animals for food, and you quickly deplete the animal populations and your colonists starve.  Perhaps you've got sandbags, traps, turrets and well trained shooters, but your killer could easily be a plague outbreak rather than raiders.  Often the biggest danger can be from your colonists themselves: when they break, anything is possible, and insanity is a constant risk.  Due to the depth of the game, there are so many ways to deal with all of these problems, and you have to play smart to survive.As of the writing of this review, Rimworld is being actively updated and recently a big patch was just released.  On top of that, the Steam Workshop has some great mods available - I highly recommend this game!"
76561198123894063,Recommended,294100,32400632,Posted: 13 June,all,Cranfill Crusher,Really fun game!
76561198130209901,Recommended,294100,32401206,Posted: 13 June,all,sterale14,"I hate this game, there has never been a game that makes me go ""five more minutes"" than this one. I'll tell myself to quit at 11pm look at my clock and its 3 am.This game is the perfect mix of challenging without becoming brutal."
,Recommended,294100,32376340,Posted: 12 June,all,Traxior,"This is the second time I uninstall this game. The first time was after I had played 700 hours, and now I have played 1165 hours. Why uninstall? It's the only way I can do something else. The game is the best game I ever have played, and it's getting better and better for every release."
76561197996941854,Recommended,294100,27439157,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pizzabandit,"The game is pretty awesome and addictive.  Very playable and bug free for an alpha game.  Mod community is very active.  All in all a solid game.  I hear it is somewhat like Prison Architech, although I have not played that one, also dwarf fortress (not played it either), so if you are familiar with either of those then you may like this one as well.  The most fun about this game is when everything goes wrong and you are faced with catastrophe.  I have had so many colonies wiped out in interesting ways.  I keep coming back for more."
76561198007495927,Recommended,294100,32406929,Posted: 14 June,all,Kuloth,"Shut up and buy it. Of all the attempts to make a ""Dwarf Fortress Like"" game that's nevertheless playable by humans, this is certainly the best so far. It's accessible and not a complete nightmare to learn, and the depth of gameplay it provides today is absolutely brilliant.In my latest game I started as a lost tribe in the far north of our planet. Life was hard up there but we survived, fighting off the tribe we split from that hated us, fighting off pirates and diseases and wild animals, fires and the brutal cold. Eventually, secure from the bitter -30 winter in our mountain fortress, and fed by hydroponics year round, we hatched a plan to leave and move far south, where the growing season is 3x as long. We researched transport pods and built 12 of them.On the day we left, two colonists were stranded behind with some of the remaining resources due to a malfunction with the pod launcher system. While most of us made it many days' travel to the south in a single flight and established a new colony on fertile land, far from the hostile tribe, these two remained behind and tried to eke out a living.All went reasonably well until fire broke out one night in the middle of one of the hydroponics bays. With only two colonists, they were unable to contain the blaze and had to retreat. One was trapped and died of heat exhaustion before totally burning up. The other escaped with burns, was able to close off a small room in a hollowed out iron ore outcrop, build a door over the entrance and a bed, lie down and recover. When she woke up with her burns scarred over, she ransacked the surviving food stores and left to rejoin the colony to the south.She ran into two other caravans on the way. The first was friendly and wanted to trade - but she had nothing she could afford to trade. The second was hostile and demanded she hand over virtually everything she had. Outnumbered easily 20-1, she did so, and continued on her journey in a desperate state.Eventually, after a long and dangerous trek, she rejoined our new colony, naked, starving and sick, but safe at last.This is not an atypical story of how RimWorld games go."
,Recommended,294100,24728352,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,-CML-kamerosa,"TL:DR - Strongest contender for best city/colony management game 2016Good core game design and active mod community lead to fantastic game.  Every playthrough is randomized enough to not be ""Samey"" but not so much that tactics you learn are incompatible. It builds on all the other city building games we've seen in the last few years (Gnomoria, Towns, Dwaf Fortress, etc) and improves on what made those games interesting. Temperature management, surgery for organ damage, monster rancher, forest fire fighting, and so much more with the mods."
76561198297666844,Recommended,294100,24673903,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rcrhinehart,"I was hesitant about this game at first because of the clunky looking low-res graphics.This is an Incredible game, and I highly recommend it to those who like difficult challenges.With so many updates, mods, scenarios, geographical options and characters replayability is as close to unlimited as it gets.  Plus it runs great on a mediocre laptop.  Only downside is that updates cause previous version saves to become unplayable.  When you have 40 hours into a map that is truly sad."
,Recommended,294100,29347602,Posted: 18 January,all,JakeFlit,"An amazing city builder/manager game with some combat elements! Very satisfying to watch each colonist do their part for the new society to function, which makes deaths all the rougher to deal with when no one can fill the hole he left"
76561198052583726,Recommended,294100,32489431,Posted: 16 June,all,NullStrider,"It's winter. A blight in the earlier growing season had decimated my food supply and parasites had infected several of my colonists. People are starving. Equipment is breaking down.A band of raiders attack. My colonists fend them off, but the majority are either killed or crippled in the process.A lone farmboy rounds up the prisoners, harvests their organs, and sells the remaining raiders into slavery when a pirate convoy rolls through. The newly-aquired silver purchases enough food to last the sole survivor into the next growing season.It's not easy living on the frontier."
76561198122728343,Recommended,294100,29330337,Posted: 17 January,all,dlr4452,This game is so amazing it sucks at your soul.  P.S. i had no idea it was alpha this thing is at a full game level.  cant wait to see what else they do!
,Recommended,294100,29331876,Posted: 17 January,all,sovietsalzig,Space colony prison architect basically. 10/10 game
76561198007515671,Recommended,294100,29342872,Posted: 18 January,all,ergie,"Fantastic, brutal, It will ruin your life and suck your hours like a black hole.And it's always growing, and has a very active modding community, and.... Etc etc."
,Recommended,294100,29347508,Posted: 18 January,all,zatchaholism,Anger Management Simulator 2K17: The Tale of Where I Put Those Components and Oh God There's a Solar Flare and a Raid.
76561198048955203,Recommended,294100,29336598,Posted: 18 January,all,litre,Holy crap I am hooked. Damn. This game is awesome.P. S. One of the best soundtracks I've heard.
76561197972448913,Recommended,294100,28886319,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jamin,Sims in the far future with George RR Martin as the a**hole God of the universe.Aboslutely f*cking amazing.
76561198046470610,Recommended,294100,32554424,Posted: 18 June,all,The Spectacular Space Ace,"This game is really great. It is constantly being updated with new content. The survival aspect of it is super detailed and it is really fun trying to balance practicality/efficiency with colonists moods and wants. Rimworld is becoming especially fun with the edition of the world map and actually being able to send out caravans to trade with or raid other factions.I'm really bad at writing reviews, but I love this game. I have 114 hours on my Steam record, but I was playing it long before it was on Steam.TL;DR It's very complex but very fun"
76561198259165755,Recommended,294100,32211959,Posted: 5 June,all,"Alfred ""Babe"" Kellogg",This game rules.
,Recommended,294100,33141196,Posted: 2 July,all,Elliath,The game system is great and it is still improving.
76561198105410749,Recommended,294100,33198570,Posted: 3 July,all,Rochmaister,One of the few colony sims that hit the golden spot between complex enough to be interesting and simple enough to not be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to learn. I also happen to like the artstyle but that's up for debate. Interesting to play in sessions usually spaced by at least a few weeks.
,Recommended,294100,33191340,Posted: 3 July,all,El Roberto,Prittymuch Dwarf Fortress Lite.
,Recommended,294100,33189844,Posted: 3 July,all,HalfBurntToast,"A more appropriate name for this game would have been: 'CrackWorld'.As you might have guessed, this game is very addictive and engaging. Most famously, based on the comments, is the fact that this game creates stories for your characters as you manage them. Everyone who plays will have a different story. Since most of the comments are focusing on player stories, I figured I'd write about the game itself instead.What is this game? Think about The Sims combined with Stronghold, Banished, and Minecraft. Like Banished, you start off as a group (or one person) survivor dropped into a barren map where you have to start building farms, buildings, and products to survive. Winters are brutal and random events can occur which can throw your colony into chaos. Researching lets you build more advanced technology to help yourself survive.Like in Minecraft, you're free to design your base however you want, mine for vital resources, and are given the ability to just go hog-wild with development mode ('creative mode' in minecraft) and turn it into a true sandbox experience.Like in Stronghold, building defenses is very important depending on the difficulty. Depending on your 'Storyteller' (random event generator/Dungeon Master), raids against your base can be common and the threats can range from petty to disastrous depending on how well prepared your are. So, building your 'Castle' and its defenses is essential. Further, you'll need to have well-armed fighters ready. When raids arrive, you enlist your colonists for semi-direct control. This opens a whole tactical layer to explore.And, finally, like The Sims, your colonists are their own people. They've got their own DnD-like stat sheet along with various traits that affect how they do things and how they interact with others. They'll build relationships with the other colonists over time. This can lead to friendship, marriage, or rivalries.  They all have moods and needs that have to be managed.Unlike in The Sims, that really unhappy colonist might have a psychotic break, one-hit KO a fellow colonist and start lighting him and everything else on fire (happened to me). You're also able to capture prisoners and attempt to recruit them… or commit crimes against humanity (literally). This game gives you a pretty long leash to do things how you see fit.TL;DR: If you like The Sims, Stronghold, Banished, Minecraft, or Prison Architect, you'll probably like this game."
76561198017944866,Recommended,294100,32930849,Posted: 28 June,all,dhwatson3,I bought this game when it first popped up in early access.  As I write this review the game is still in early access but tons of new features have been added.  It's important you understand that because even when I first bought the game I loved it and its done nothing but get better.  If it seems like something you would want to play I highly recommend it.  Of course you can check out gameplay on you tube if your not sure.
76561197982881963,Recommended,294100,26262444,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Razter,"Such an amazing little game.Great music, lots of details, a challenging AI, etc.Well done!"
76561198006281849,Recommended,294100,24884241,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Rich66,"Started my colony with a jobs-worth man called Vladimir a woman called Sarah and an old granny called Holly. Vlad and Holly hit it off and fall in love while the granny just cleans up after their mess. Some random dude called Messi turns up and wants to join the colony. He's also naked for some reason. Give him clothes and get him to work.Things are going well. Farm is growing crops and food is being stored in the refrigerator ready for winter. A girl shows up being chased by bandits. Messi knocks one of the bandits out and Vlad shoots another in the head. Order Vlad to then execute the knocked out bandit. The girl joins the colony and starts researching new stuff.Winter comes. Think I have enough crops to last me. I was seriously wrong. Now Vlad and Sarah resort to hunting every day while Holly cooks simple meals non-stop. Messi gets his leg torn off by a rabid fox and is bed-ridden.See a herd of Muffalos and go to hunt them all. They get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and trample Sarah while Vlad runs for his life.♥♥♥♥♥♥ they've found our colony and aren't leaving, attacking everytime someone steps outside. Meanwhile, Sarah is starting to suffer from hypothermia stuck out in the wilderness. The Muffalos knock down a door and trample Holly. A day passes and Sarah is still outside clinging to life.The Muffalo finally move on and Vlad runs to haul Sarah back to the colony for medical help. Holly decides to have a mental breakdown while recovering, so Vlad knocks her out again. Starvation is setting in.Some drop pods land with meat in them. Finally we're saved. Holly gets back to cooking simple meals until the meat runs out. Survive the rest of the winter eating nothing but potatoes from the hydroponics room.Spring comes around. Messi is still bed-ridden and don't have any medicine to attach a peg leg. Euthanize him instead. One less mouth to feed. Now preparing for the next winter. God help us all.10/10"
,Recommended,294100,33732233,Posted: 22 July,all,TRR,I can't stop playing this game. I played it at my friends house a week ago and immediately came home and bought it. With the amount of mods in the workshop it really is endless fun.
76561198318494742,Recommended,294100,28337292,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Herman TinkleFist,"Gabella enjoyed the last mea before everything went wrong.It was the third day of our temporary stop, and the last time we would see the sun. We established our stop to rest and to get supplies for the larger tribe that spanned three large maps. Where, you may ask? In the only available place, of course! An EXTREME desert. The most desolate desert around, with only 6 tiny animals that were iguanas and megascarabs. When we landed, the eight of us set out to kill everything that we could find, as we had already killed and eaten our muffalo, and had no food left. malnutrition was rampant, but there were too many people to just abadon the trade caravan! We need numbers to make up for our lacking technology. The first to collapse was Val, the leader of the caravan. A skilled warrior. However, malnourishment had taken his toll over the trip, and his great strength had all but diminished. Seeing the strongest of the caravan fall to malnourishment drained any inspiration. Koala, Pony and Comameiro stumbled and lost consciousness.Starving, Legua turned to his rival, Red. With overwhelming hunger in his eyes and his body, he tore the shiv from the holster he had and stabbed Red repeadedly, incapacitating her. Visitors arrived. They saw this taking place at the border of the land they were on, Cody whipped out her assault rifle, and took aim at Legua. She took three shots.  BANG, BANG, BANG! The first bullet ruptured his stomach, the second shot out his eye, and the third ruptured Val's skull, destroying his already shrivelled brain. Leuga layed in shck for a moment. THEY SHOT MY DAMNED EYE OUT!!! He sprung to his feet when he saw the pulp that was the top of Val's head. He felt good that he was able to get his feelings out to Red, and that his rival, Val, was a twitching corpse. Our psychopathic trader named Gabella (a fitting name) approached Cody, mouth watering at the lavish meal she was holding. She traded 64 silver for it, and ate it immediately, saving none for anyone else. Because of this, Legua flew into a binge eating state, and tore into Val's still twitching corpse.That night:Cody was starving to death. If she did not send the lavish meal to ge eaten by strangers, she would still have her life. Before she went to bed, (a hard wooden floor) she snapped. She got up like the pessimist she was, and screamed out, waking her friend who's name has been long forgotten. She pumped Cody full of bullets, but not before Cody ripped her eye out. She quickly stumbled out the border of the territory.Legua screamed in pain after the procedures, screams that were more annoying than anything to Gabella. She sighed, and pulled out her pemmican. Proud of what she had done.10/10This is the best game I hav ever played!"
76561197980466914,Recommended,294100,33695765,Posted: 21 July,all,Stabby Joe,"A fantastic game base building and survival game with an exceptional amount of depth. The developers claim to have taken great inspiration from Dwarf Fortress and it really shows, and in many respects have surpassed Dwarf Fortress. Still in Alpha but far more polish and content than most full releases."
,Recommended,294100,24454067,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Domisunique,Ok Rimworld is a great game and for this game earlyacssess just means access to more content in the future. But i have one complaint THIS GAME NEEDS LIKE RIOT BATONS... Seriously the mental breaks espically the rage like i want some riot batons and just smack em into sanity or subdue them long enough to have a Catharsis. But yea Devs if you see this please make a good no risk of injury or death way of beating people out of it.
,Recommended,294100,24385959,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Booral King,하! 싼다!
,Recommended,294100,24385595,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hug,"This game seemed dauntingly complex when I first tried it, until I watched some tutorial videos by CohhCarnage on youtube which really helped me figured out the basics.I am very impressed so far. What they need to work on is simplifying the user interface for the normal user but still have the complicated options as options. This game can and will eat up a lot of time.One thing I would definetly add is the ability to change the scenario difficulty mid-game so you could theoretically build up a strong base and then see how you can survive against the worst things the game has to throw at you.All up this game comes highly recommended for fans of city builders and/or sci-fi who arent afraid of playing something that requires a bit of patience to start off with."
,Recommended,294100,24454033,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,John Wick,"SPOILERSMy colonists hav esurived the foollowing:-Toxic fallout, it killed crops and trees. Oh and it gave two colonists and one emu pet dementia. Nice.-Flu and the following day malaria! Some had both, poor poor married couple...-Raiders with a mortar, had to fight them with colonists that had flu, dementia and malaria. Didn't loose, YAY!-Elefant herd? Don't have any food (thanx alot toxic fallout). I shall kill one for the meat.♥♥♥♥♥♥ they ALL went angry, quick back to the colony! They are following?! Place every one behind the sand bags and have the come in to the killbox!  Result? One colonist lost an arm and a hand, survived. Lost two trained wild pigs that fought bravely. Killed SIX elephants. We are no longer lacking food!-O M G, a volcanic winter?To be continued.... fml."
76561198045882856,Recommended,294100,25215800,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pharmgrinder,"Great game. Running it in Lubuntu 14.04 on widescreen TV. No Issues.The game has been reviewed too many times for me to add much to the conversation. Just wanted to put my vote out there. If you like games like banished, gnomoria, or stronghold I would think you will love this game. I do. I love this game."
,Recommended,294100,24384737,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,QuestaDay,"My first colony experienced all of the following:- watched a bear fight a wolf- chocolate rained from the sky- settler cannibalized a rotting human corpse, went insane and started stabbing people- made entire colony out of steel because I didn't know how to change the material type- settler got eye scratched out by an emu10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,294100,24388024,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Unfunny Valentine,This game in a shellnut:Dwarf Fortress in spacePrison Architect graphics in spaceincredibly detailed disease/implants/health/injury/body part system (in space)taking prisoners of war in spacetrading with passing spaceships (why cant you ask these guys to rescue you?)research (in space)spaceall my colonists are going insane in spacemorality (in space)my colonist's heart is failing (in space) and i could harvest a heart from my (space) prisoners but that'd make everyone sad (in space)STOP SHOOTING MY (SPACE) DOGGOpew ur ded thats what u get for shooting my (spcae) doggoi shouldnt get a (space) doggo in this game because i get too emotionally attached to it (in space)♥♥♥♥♥♥all my colonists are dead now (in space)mods (in space)mods (in space)more mods (in space)what is ccl and why does everything need it (in space)start new game (in space)prepare carefully (in space)game is easy now because charge rifles (in space)one of my colonists died (in space)now the other colonist (the ded one's wife) is sad (in space)o♥♥♥♥♥♥dis guy made a fier (in space)all my crops are on fire (in space)everything is fire (in space)my guy is fire (in space)hes ded now (in space)new game (in space)2001(a space odyssey)/10 would recommend (in space)
,Recommended,294100,24402312,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kyle Penta,"Amazing really is the only word I could use. This game is great.-Sounds Great-Great Art Style-LOTS of replayability-Tons of things to build, unlock etc-Interesting characters with random traits-Different biomes with different conditions-Different factions to trade or fight with-You can tame animals to fight for you or kill them for food-Just tons of fun reallyTell your own story of your colony on a planet unknown to you and maybe with just enough luck you'll even build a ship to fly home."
76561198211610813,Recommended,294100,24414928,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tenletters,Bar far the best management game I have ever played
,Recommended,294100,24385305,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Magenti,"Create your own colony, harvest food, research technology, build houses, do trading, defend against raids, craft your own weapons. This game is in Alpha but extremely playable. I even play it without all the mods, but the mods really add to the game and there are several hundreds of hours of fun here.Best colony simulator I have ever played."
76561198071660164,Recommended,294100,24390371,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,shaidr733,Great game.
76561198026801414,Recommended,294100,24402785,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,briangberg,"Received distress call from Steg to join my tribeSteg was being chased by pirates, but I agreed to provide her santuarySteg ran to my base, chased by pirates with shotgunsAll I had was bows and arrowsEpic fight began, pirates were defeated, but at a costOne of my tribe members shattering his spine, and was incapacitated in bedThen, a mysterious psychic drone caused all the male members of the tribe to go beserkmass murder ensuedWould save Steg again10/10...really addictive and fun game :)"
,Recommended,294100,24454180,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Twister,"A great colony sim. And very addicting. Great soundtrack, too."
76561198001841569,Recommended,294100,24393056,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Caridous,"Combination of Factorio, Prison Architect, Gnomoria, and other basebuilding games in its genre plus a twist of Darkest Dungeon's penchant for everything going to crap with one person's freakout. It also includes a very interesting twist of 3 different ""starting"" groups, each one very unique in its play style (due to available tech etc.)Would reccommend for those looking for a challenge, and a way to use your own unique play style"
,Recommended,294100,24407721,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr Trumble,"In my first game of Rimworld, a wanderer named Vladimir Black stumbled upon my colony from the desert and joined us. He proved useful as he had experience in performing medical procedures and one of my initial survivors had her legs broken in an attack from a man-hunting squirrel.Unfortunately, as Vladimir got to work on his operation to fix her legs, he botched the surgery. She was most displeased, and he perplexingly got frustrated at her for the operation's failure. He returned to work on her legs and botched the surgery again, leaving her a cripple. He immediately fell into depression and was in a fragile mental state, and ultimately lost his mind as he was scouring the plains searching for food.He took off his clothes, and began beating up the other survivors with his bare fists.They retaliated in turn, but he proved too powerful for the colonists. One, a 94 year old man named Spiffy, had to be carried back to his bed in a critical condition. He beat on Patricia, the woman he had botched surgery on twice. He beat her to death.Spiffy's wounds became infected and disease spread quickly throughout the colony. One of the colonists shot and critically wounded Vladimir, but out of some misguided notion of honour nursed him back to health. Vladimir once again turned on the colonists, who were already at breaking point.Raiders came and saw the colony in disrepair and kidnapped the only able-bodied, sane members remaining. Vladimir, Spiffy and Hutch succumbed to madness and beat each other senseless.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,294100,25162188,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Redmist,this game just getting better and  better. dev alway have regular update. and every update alway awesome got feature
,Recommended,294100,24378177,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RyceCube,Really fun game thats far more complete than the early access title would suggest.
,Recommended,294100,27741846,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Irritatedcone,"The game is still actively being developed, which is unfortunately a rare sight on early access.It also keeps on getting better.Really one of a kind.I'm pretty sure it is on par with Civilization in how fast and efficiently it wastes time."
76561197998716751,Recommended,294100,27742529,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kyle-Time,The greatest game of its kind. Like a simpler more approachable Dwarf Fortress. Complete with endless ways to have !fun! I cannot recommend this game enough!
,Recommended,294100,30639284,Posted: 20 March,all,Atomicnom,I was too busy playing Rimworld to recommend this when it came out.
,Recommended,294100,30547671,Posted: 16 March,all,weenis,nice
,Recommended,294100,25201801,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Suey,This is the game you are looking for.
,Recommended,294100,24384425,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nickoh121,"5 hours down, in one sitting... this is one of the best early access games i've gotten on here!"
,Recommended,294100,24401164,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,somasatori,"A great devastation wiped out the tribe. The five surviving members of the tribe set out led by Crow, who was raised in a cave as a child and went on to become his tribe's most brilliant hacker despite not having the technology level to build computers. Crow and his four companions found a nice spot in a world that was largely deserts. It was the sole tropical forest.Crow and his friends get to work! They build up some sleeping quarters, a research area (maybe one day Crow, gifted hacker, will be able to figure out how to make a computer, like the prophecy foretold), and then disaster struck. Raiders from the desert wastelands beyond the new tribe's village had attacked! After beating one of them unconscious and stabbing the other two to death with spears and taking their guns, Bear, the tribe's resident medic, stood by while the rest of the tribe very quickly built a prison. Bear brought the fallen man whose name was Gizzard, to the prison.The group decided to try to recruit Gizzard, and meanwhile Crow and two other tribals headed down to start excavating out some of the compacted steel in the hills nearby. However, Crow noticed a wall and it terrified him. It was made out of polished granite. Despite Crow's warnings, Soup, the tribe's primary researcher (who was also a cave child, and a pyromaniac) decided to take down one of the walls.Beyond the wall was a series of four pods. Strange things, they said CRYOSLEEP on them. The tribe went to bed that night, but Crow knew taking down that wall was a bad idea.The next day, the pods were empty and open. What happened? Well, no bother. The tribe needed to forage, and Bear and a one of the other tribeswomen (Lilac, an art-loving psychopath), went off to hunt.Then the sleeping occupants came back with heavy assault rifles and two arctic foxes.Sadly, the last of the tribe of Goreflicker was no more.10/10. Dwarf fortress in spaaaaaaace."
76561197963743149,Recommended,294100,24402516,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Florp Incarnate,"Dwarf Fortress Lite with a UI. For those who haven't played DF, it is a top-down colony management sim where you set goals for your colonists and they carry them out. I really enjoyed this game and easily got my $30 worth. There's a lot of priorities to balance and different paths to success. One thing I like about it over DF is that there is an actual end-game goal (which you can prioritize or ignore at your leisure). There are various difficulty levels from trivial basebuilder paradise to really hard ones where you are essentially under siege from all sides.Despite being a much simpler game than DF, I still felt that the combat was implemented better. Economy is simpler but still complex enough to keep you busy. Highly recommended, you will lose a weekend to this."
76561198015029871,Recommended,294100,24410126,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,#E Rac Mac,"Buy it.  If this game interests  you at all - do it.I read the reviews - one after the other positive, and I was like ""no way...""  But Oh Yes!I have 100+ games of various types, but none of them are like Rimworld.   Some of the reviews have gone to some length to explain why its a great game, but I would suggest you won't know you like - ok THOROUGHLY ENJOY this game until you just buy it.  ( did I mention you should buy Rimworld? )Probably the only short coming has to do with the interface and how you are walked through the initial learning curve of the game.  This, by no means, makes it a bad game but would definitely be my suggestion for improving."
,Recommended,294100,24454234,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,yugoslav,"I would have to strongly reccomend this game. Buy it if you enjoy prison architect like games or any games with base building, micromanagement, and managing power, food, fights between colonists, and invasions. There are so many great things about this game, and much, much more to come. There are many mods as well that can make the game have more feature, power sources etc.. 10/10"
76561198056928564,Recommended,294100,24457512,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Arrogant Worm,"Spawned in as a rich survivor. Found an empty ruin with ancient crpyto pods. Opened them. One person died, one person went mad, the other two were wounded. Guy got wounded, mad person died, other two wandered off the map like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they were after stealing my medical supplies.10/10 Would kill ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s more often."
,Recommended,294100,25213712,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,EaTCarbS,Dwarf Fortress slapped in the face with a proper UI
76561198258614473,Recommended,294100,24786149,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MicroManiac34,"After just over 20 hours of gameplay, I feel comfortable recommending this game to others. It takes a bit of time and patience to get the hang of it, but it is a lot of fun once you’re there. Some things that would help, that I’d like to see in the future of this game’s development:some kind of tutorial to get started, even something simple and light… show the new players some useful hot keysclearer user interface (especially the trade screen, it’s tough at first to see the difference between buying and selling)a clearer difference between hunting and defendinga more complete wiki page for looking things up"
,Recommended,294100,26190703,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Favalava,"Rimworld is a colony management sim where you are responsible for the success of your colony.You will guide colonists as they face raiders, the plague, wild iguanas, fire, aliens and each other. Will they live relatively safe and luxurious lives or will they struggle on the Rimworld?GameplayRimworld is a top down view colony management game. You will control colonists with keyboard and mouse and give them tasks which will, hopefully, be good for the colony. Some people will be better at certain jobs than others and it’s up to you to create efficiency. Through your input, colonists will begin building homes, farming, creating items and researching technology. Every so often you will be attacked by the game’s chosen AI storyteller which will send out enemies to kill you or have your colony plagued by disease or fatal heat waves. The game will play out in real time but will allow you to adjust the game speed and pause the game at will. The base game is about thriving and surviving.PlayerbaseThis game is appealing to different people who enjoy different genres becomes Rimworld combines genres very well. If you have played Grand Strategy, Real Time Strategy, or SIM games then you will find something familiar in Rimworld.Strategy players will find enjoyment in expanding their reach, defending land and developing their empire. Rimworld is really good at making you feel like you're progressing with colony development because of its research system and the technology it rewards.RTS Players will enjoy real time combat, meaningful defensive base development and mastering varying types of warfare. Rimworld has many counters to each weapon and enemy which will allow players who master combat to succeed at higher difficulties.Sim Enthusiasts will enjoy the quirks, traits, relationships and stories that develop around their characters. The game is very good at convincing you that these colonists are different as you begin to understand their strengths, weaknesses and personality.This game is about the stories it creates by setting up mechanisms for happiness and survivalRimWorld has a unique AI storyteller which will change the way you interact with the game and there are different AI's which will cater to the different player genres that RimWorld can accommodate. These function as different playthroughs and difficulties by changing the amount of effort you need to make your colonists happy and the ways you approach combat when protecting them.Developing a colony and focusing your efforts on providing the best a e s t h e t i c for your colonists will make them very happy. Happiness goes a long way in Rimworld because if your people are below a certain threshold they will susceptible to a mental break which will have them be uncontrollable and useless to the colony for a short amount of time. Luxury items will protect your colony from dying from within.Focusing entirely on survival and maintaining only enough luxuries to stop people from going crazy and killing each other is another approach to the game. For some players, a warrior who can protect the colony will always be more useful than a crafter and materials that could be used for defensive fortifications or multiple freezer systems will be better spent there than on art supplies.These two play styles will create their own stories.One can play out as a utopian community focused on opulence which ultimately caused their end by siege of the enemy.The other can be an all work no play colony where the death of a pet could put one person over the edge causing them to start fires everywhere and weaken the colony just before an attack.This game doesn't have a definitive game ending goal and plays out in a sandbox like environment.Even though there isn’t a definitive end or a story like in a single player campaign, the game does present you with an objective that ties into the lore. You crash landed on this Rimworld and you can build a ship to escape back into space but there isn’t a reason to leave whatever civilization you develop. You could even opt to send only the worst of your colonists into space and get rid of the dead weight without guilty down the community.Replayability - Design - SoundFor some people RimWorld will be the only game they buy and play for 2017.This game has insane amount of replayability by offering over 8 biomes with significantly varying degrees of mountain density; point being that you will always have map diversity.The colonist creation process will make you want to find your preferred colonists and you will settle for a doctor who starts fires because that’s better than a sexist drug addict who can’t read.The scenarios that come with the game allow different stories to form around five tribals, three survivors or one really rich dude and these different perspectives will have their own difficulties.Rimworld is a game with an amazing mod community and I highly recommend checking out the mod workshop. The vanilla base game is completely playable and well done and provides more than enough content for a $30 game. Rimworld modders are very creative and offer quality of life improvements as well as full on expansions pack level content. There is even a multiplayer trading network that exists in the mod workshop.The design of RimWorld works well and the top down view of a 2d world doesn’t compromise the gameplay at all. The controls do not feel clunky and are properly labeled which allow you to know exactly what you're doing as you do it but you could just use your mouse 90% of the time.The interface fits 16:9 resolutions well and shouldn't clutter your actual game space.The graphics do enough to distinguish colonists from each other and enemies.The environments look really nice and I have a soft spot for wooden buildings surrounded by fertile grasslands.RimWorld music and sound definitely sticks out to me and I like it. The music is sci-fi western themed and tries to set a mood of exploration and grandiose; which it does pretty well.The sound effects during combat and while cooking, farming, mining, researching, and whatever all do a good job at giving you enough information to know what’s being done and even by who.Even though the game is designed to accommodate more units, machinery, and noise you won’t have to worry about important information cues being drowned out.Reasons To Buy ItThis game really is fun if you’re this kind of person who likes to- chill out and drink coffee while playing a game and/or watching a stream- micromanage colonists and develop an empire- watch relationships develop among virtual people- play games with massive amounts of replayability- to play single player games- play space or sci-fi themed gamesTL;DRRimworld is a great game that you should buy because it’s fun and successfully takes the best parts of other genres and blends them together. At it’s core this a colony management game where you will watch over virtual people. It’s up to you to make this sandbox game rewarding for you and your colonists. If you like a well made video game that offers great replayability and diverse content then this $30 purchase will be for you. So if you enjoy strategy, rts and sim games then you should consider Rimworld as your next library purchase."
76561198052446015,Recommended,294100,33229726,Posted: 4 July,all,Unredeemed™,"Just going to drop this here in addition to the wall of ""Recommended"" reviews.This game is simply put, too good."
76561198166110064,Recommended,294100,33545482,Posted: 14 July,all,Porkchopexpress,"People will often spend around $60 for a good new console game. $40-$60 for a new PC game.This game cost $30 when I purchased it still in early development. I have to say that my choice to spend $30 on this game left me more satisfied than MOST games I would ever would ever buy on console or PC. If I had known that the game had the amount of depth that it did going in...I would have spent more. This game is a bargain.The game is not just another building sim. It is a sim where just trying to make do can resort to cannibalism. It is a sim where an alien race can crash on near your base and try to capture your people as slaves. That alien race may also wish to conduct trade, or offer a helping hand in technology to take out a settlement nearby. One time I ordered my settlers to mine a large area that was high in titanium deposits; they uncovered several hibernation vessels in a great archological find. I was nervous to study them closer...It might have a disease im not prepared for. It might have magical properties. It might be highly advanced. Maybe it is physically strong and proceeds to rip everyone apart....I went for it and out came a few humans. The leader was a cyborg....it was quickly clear that he was forcing the others to attack me. I took out the cyborg and found out the others no longer attacked me. Aparently this cyborg was holding them as slaves; they were as lost as ever so I was excited to find out I had two scientists and an engineer form an advanced civilization aiding me now. Not to mention the cyborg I now get to reverse engineer and collect rare materials from...Something much less similar happened next game after that colony died to some super virus. :(Except that time they were some gigantic worm like alien race who mind controlled the panthers in the jungle I was colonized in to attack my settlement. It was over so fast....those panthers surronded my colony. My turrets could not keep up with the speed and raw amount of them; I think this alien race was also lending them some sort of magical buff or something...because now all the sudden they could tear down walls and crush my electronics/furniture inside. Needless to say all colonists died....This game introduces three main playstyles.- Survivors: 3 crashlanders on a rimworld. With space faring technology, 3 colonists.- Scattered tribesmen: Play as locals who are still in early stages of human tech development. 5 colonists.- Wealthy Expedition: Play as a sole colonist with glitter age tech devolpment and wealthy resources.This is where it all starts....then you realize that colonists come and go all the time. They crash out of the sky. Run in from attemped raids. You buy them as slaves. They attack you and you persuade them to join your cause instead. This doesnt include the MANY animals you can train to breed, fight for you, and haul materials. Or robots. Or whatever the hell else the EXPANSIVE and highly active steam workshop offers.Just a list of the technologies to learn in this game of things off the top of my head: brewing, geothermal power, Robotics, Arcade machines (mod), a\c heat, security turrets, psychoactive drugs, medicines, ai capabilities, blacksmithing, gunsmithing, gardening, hydroponics, transport pods, spaceships....there is more...alot more.Everything about this game is seemingly endless. In the amount of different materials, things you can build, random events that can benefit or jeopardise your colony. A literal ""x"" amount of material if you go through the workshop. Most of the stuff there works quite well also. Train a giant sloth brought back from the prehistoric or so era to carry large amounts of things for you. Train a polar bear to guard your home. Use robots to replace all manual jobs and focus on technology and crafting. Build a heavy military force and gain powerful ally and enemy factions. You can assualt a base and remove a faction permenently. Conduct raids on your rimworld.Guys. This is the ****ing game right here. Im telling you. If you have a bit of patience for this high learning curve game...it has an extraordinary amount of content."
76561198003585036,Recommended,294100,24369597,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Sphinx,Dwarf Fortress meets Prison Architect. Awesome game!
76561198090896138,Recommended,294100,24409477,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Notorious MEEK,Very very good game the storys that can happen in a single game are amazing. I defenitly recommend this game to any one who wants to get stuck into a good town building game.
,Recommended,294100,24410769,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Alphazen,"An awesome simulator that requires you to manage the survival of your colonists!You will need to assemble, construct, research, hunt, plant ... etc, to ensure that you will have everything to leave the planet!"
76561197990404117,Recommended,294100,24412745,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,sgs_misery,My six survivors died slowly because of enraged caribous and some got eaten by wolves.11/10
,Recommended,294100,25215131,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,prom,"If you can ignore the graphics.. they are actually not that bad! (Back to my C-64 ^^).. the game is fun! If you like to fiddle out yourself how a game works.. this helps too. But as a little colony builder with not so usual events.. you laugh or curse.. but at the end it is always funny.Thumps up! Great, unusual game... likey likey!"
,Recommended,294100,24386090,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bazza,"I enjoyed the hours i played but I have 3 main issues with the game1. You cant leave your spawning area. Hopefully in the future you will be able to leave your starting area and be able to attack other villages/pirate camps in the future, but i dont see that happening anytime soon.2. Once you build your colony up enough and set up a decent killzone for the raiders to walk blindly into, the game gets repetitive and there isnt much else for you to do. I understand it is early access but there is basically no endgame except building a ship which just means the game ends and you win.3. Honestly i feel like the mental breaks are a bit over the top, I understand its a gameplay mechanic but the fact is if a tribe has to sleep on the floor and their pet dies, then they just go crazy and start killing all their friends?Pet animals are a hinderence and just get teamkilled instantly.The game is still a decent fun game, but I would say its probably worth waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,294100,24391529,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,|nViz0,"I usually troll the games that look like they take 0 effort to make (graphics, etc)This one is that shining gem amongst Indies.  Buy it or go watch a video tutorial for 10minutes if you are not convinced."
76561198007525186,Recommended,294100,24409688,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Alex,10/10
76561198031709580,Recommended,294100,24410578,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AidenTetra,10/10 would have high-tech colony destroyed by an army of cavemen.
,Recommended,294100,24432013,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jingle,Failing at this game is so cool !
76561197964882597,Recommended,294100,24386207,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kazzamkablam,If you ever wanted a game that plays similiar to dwarf fortress but with graphical interface...Thousand times yes.
76561198025390223,Recommended,294100,24401179,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Overealness,"If you've ever been interested in Dwarf Fortress but got turned off by the confusing UI and high skill curve, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,294100,24413591,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Riouh,Great game. 10/10 would reccomend.Hard as balls but very fair. very accesable. pick it up!
76561198081986165,Recommended,294100,24413724,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Murble,4 hours in one world ended by one boomalope.Wish my colony wasn't terrified of fire!Why can't I stop playing this.
,Recommended,294100,24415263,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,KCloud,"Have a colonist named Samantha Von Aachen. She's the best shot in the colony. Only person other person who can shoot is named Justin. Everyone else can't shoot, but one can melee. Some pirates decide to attack, but get wiped out. Then I see that a colonist needs treatment even though the raiders were running. I click on the alert and find Justin is missing not one but both of his legs due to being hit by a sniper rifle. Only one person on the map had a sniper rifle, which was Samantha Von Aachen. Luckily we got a very skilled surgeon who installed bionic legs, shortly after Samantha and Justin fell in love and got married. Life is confusing and wonderful in Rimworld."
,Recommended,294100,33737478,Posted: 22 July,all,Kenshin1340,"left a bug hive alone b/c i didn't think it would mattercame back to a swarm of bugs bearing down on my killbox and swarming me until all of my turrets were a smoldering ruin and my colonists were all lying on the ground, bleeding out.10/10 will play againedit: 250 hours and one of my colonists just had an affair I didn't even think that was possible this game is great"
,Recommended,294100,25042620,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,i want to be hit by a train,"Okay, so this is one of the few games I pirated before buying, just because I didn't really want to waste $30 on a game I wouldn't play. And I know about Steam refunds, but I find that I need a bit more than just 2 hours to get full impressions on a game, but that's besides the point.The point is that this game is, to put it simply, bloody fantastic. The level of depth that this game goes into is simply amazing. I won't go into the gameplay that much, because I find it's more fun to discover it for yourself, but I will give you a brief overview of the plot if you play the standard scenario. Three colonists are in cryptosleep, only to be awaken by their ship falling apart. They barely manage to make it to the escape pods, which land on an unknown rimworld. Your job, as a hive-mind commander sort of thing, is to help your colonists survive by giving them indirect (or sometimes direct) orders. Whilst trying to keep your colony alive and happy through random events (good or bad) that occur. These include, but are not limited to: raids, flashstorms, trade caravans and heatwaves. These events are determined by an AI story teller you choose before starting the game, each having different personalities. Depending on how you play this game and what AI you choose, crazy things can happen. As an example, once my colonist, who's son had just died, went on a rampage, shot his cat with a minigun, then ate it.So yea...So if you are a fan of Prison Architect or Dwarf Fortress, then I definitely recommend picking up this game. Even if you aren't a fan of either of those games, still check this game out.""What? You don't make human leather cowboy hats? It's a great market to get into."""
76561197977724415,Recommended,294100,34068040,Posted: 6 August,all,SoYman,"This is one of the best games I have played. As a lover of Dwarf fortress' idea and mechanics but not as much of its user interface, this is a perfect game. I am no fan of the early access wave of games but Rimworld is mature enough to be purchased an played. I pirated it but after about 5 minutes of playing it I realised that it is more than worth my money and bought it.10/10"
76561198103505810,Recommended,294100,29607691,Posted: 31 January,all,PumpkinFoxx,One of the most addicting games of all time. A definite yes for anyone who likes base builders/colony simulation
,Recommended,294100,30230766,Posted: 27 February,all,Nawaf,"one the best games i've ever played , truly"
,Recommended,294100,27682906,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mors,Just...Few...More...Days ;_;
76561198016505395,Recommended,294100,25874910,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sol Lunari,"I own over 600 games, and Rimwolrd is one of the best games in my library.  The way things come together and the way stories play out at times is brilliant.  Great depth and replayability."
,Recommended,294100,32023944,Posted: 28 May,all,Doohicky101,"Rimworld is a 10/10.A few years ago I was far from home with minimal cash, a single core 1.7ghz laptop and a ""Free copy"" of this game. It kept me sane.When I started earning money, the first thing I did was pay Tynan for the hundreds of hours of enjoyment I got out of their game. Rimworld is a masterpiece that only gets better as the frequent updates roll in. I highly recommend it."
76561198104364127,Recommended,294100,24450941,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,T-Perks,"Made ColonyWanted a petTamed a female turtleTurtle became lonelyTamed a Male turtleTurtles became real ""good friends""Few days later, 6 baby turtles running aroundToxic fall out happened, all colonists were not allowed outsideTurtles made way to food coolerTurtles ate all rations and backup foodColonists die to starvation, while babies grew to adults.Fallout finished,Last colonists died, while turtles layed down an army of eggs10/10 will die to turtles again."
76561197981469012,Recommended,294100,28499953,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SgtPepper™,"I hardly review games, but this one...This one is simply an amazing game. This game and the developers behind it singlehandedly restored my faith in early access games. With the amount of failed attempts and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers who refuse to listen, its a real nice change to see a team that gives an actual ♥♥♥♥ and has true pride in their product.You will get addicted early, you will spend a ridiculous amount of hours binge playing... I've had this game for a few months and what finally made me review it is that the developers comepletly suprised me with the newest updates. They have a great end game vision and with every update, they add so much more content to it. Great Work.My advice, buy it now while in early access. Don't wait for a sale because from what I've read from multiple sources is that they have no intention to make a sale before its final release, nor should they. The price is well more than worth this game.Get it. You will have a ♥♥♥♥ing great time."
,Recommended,294100,28618756,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SirLagsalott,"Once upon a time, there were two star-crossed lovers - Oxana and Griffiths. They both had the Beautiful trait, and would frequently flirt with each other. Griffiths tried to woo Oxana into a romance. Oxana rejected it. The next day, Oxana made the same offer to Griffiths, and he rejected it. Back and forth they rejected each other so much they developed a hatred that boiled over into a knife fight in the dining hall. As they both lie on their deathbeds with no mobility, they remembered that the only other colonist happened to have an aversion to anything useful - she was incapable doctoring, violence, or even firefighting due to atragic past. Several hours later, a raid began. The remaining colonist hid in her room as the raiders burned the entire colony to the ground. The hospital was thankfully made of marble and did not catch on fire. Griffiths and Oxana recovered enough to move, barely, but then Oxana tried to woo Griffiths and they hated each other again. The final colonist died in the fire, so the two laid on the ground helplessly as they bled to death.Best rendition of Romeo and Juliet ever known to mankind."
76561198031610430,Recommended,294100,29925752,Posted: 14 February,all,Chillinkus,Ive had this game for about 4 days and already have have 40hrs on it when I shouldent really be playing games.
,Recommended,294100,25991212,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SauronsHotdogs,Keeps getting better with every update + endless mods to choose from. 5/7 GOTY
76561198013089124,Recommended,294100,34094440,Posted: 7 August,all,Handsome Matt,"Downloaded the game around 7pm on a Wednesday. ""Let's see what this is about... Hmm, this is interesting...""***ONE ETERNITY LATER***""What time is it? 3am? I really need to get to bed.""Next night? Repeat performance.I've clocked over a day straight of play time and I've only owned the game for two weeks. 24 of the 30 hours came within three days of playing. I've wanted a game that spent the majority of it's processing power on complex game play instead of sweet graphics. This is that game."
76561198054486003,Recommended,294100,25048916,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,huwie,"Fantastic game, a true gem. All you need to bring is a little imagination and a warped sense of humour and there's hundreds if not thousands of hours of entertainment. Now, as it is, in early development. I've never had a crash or bug, in hundreds of hours of play. Never. The mods available are amazing, ranging from subtle or quality of life through to game transforming. The community is mature and helpful.Thank you to the creators, I've never been so happy to purchase and play a game. I write this now as I have just ""won"" and launched into space with no-one left behind, beautiful song, worth it.TLDR - 10/10, would die of heat wave or toxic fallout again. Or rat revenge, would die of that too...."
,Recommended,294100,25265630,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Silver,"Basically, every colony you start is different. Just when you think it's going well, you'll get screwed over. Next you'll start another colony learning from your previous one and then you will last longer, but get screwed over even harder. My first colony died of starvation. My previous colony died due to a fire trapping them in a rock formation, eventually burning them to death. :)"
,Recommended,294100,24942428,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Goro Goro Brother,"Rimworld is a great game. If you've played prison architect, and liked the way it worked, you'll love this game. Rimworld is my perfect cross over between a city builder and a managment game."
,Recommended,294100,25598954,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,saday1289,This game...wow. I've never played a game that made so many other blockbuster huge awesome graphic games seem so shallow and pointless. I've also never become so interested in the lives of video game characters and pulling that off with these little potatoes is amazing. This game is a must have for anyone who is willing to put a little time in as far as learning mechanics. I've recommended this to everyone I know.
76561198240415716,Recommended,294100,24943110,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Thy Muffin Lord,I love this game I have many Hours of offline gameplay on this game. I love the fun situations and challenging moments. Love this game very much.
,Recommended,294100,25102774,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Funken,"As a proud Dwarf Fortress player, I was expecting another bad copy of the ASCII masterpiece, but this game surprised me very positively, it doesn't even feel like an alpha, it is really fun and addicting. I haven't had a single crash or corrupted save. As good as it is right now, I still hope the keep up the good work, a couple of extra features like liquids physics and vertical mining would be great."
76561198106306613,Recommended,294100,30824886,Posted: 29 March,all,Orang,Outstanding Dwarf Fortress knockoff. The interface is so much nicer and easier to use. (As of March 2017) this early access game is remarkably robust and fun to play. I look forward to additions. Really exceptional design and quality if you're into this sort of game (multi-character rogue-like?).
76561198047741292,Recommended,294100,34087587,Posted: 7 August,all,CSimpson123,"I bought this game after reading some of the stories that have been told in the comments, and the game has lived up to these reviews.RimWorld is a fresh take on the base building genre, which allows the player to really do what they want with their colony, Expanding and designing my colony has been fun and exciting, while the game has been smooth with no bugs. There is lots of depth in the game, which is shown in the characters screens, as they all have unqique backstories, traits and skills.The game does not get old, and I will continue to play while it is in my library."
76561198385908711,Recommended,294100,34113921,Posted: 8 August,all,Nevlik,love the game love the mods love what it is and what i can be i got my moneys worth and felt like its a good game to support i hope more games like this come out in the futurewell done to the creator you have my support
76561198080818340,Recommended,294100,34112580,Posted: 8 August,all,prappz,"The best $30 you'll spend on a video game. It's in early access but the dev is very active and the game sees improvement constantly. Rimworld is a game with tons of variety. You can start and manage a colony to the bitter end, or form raiding caravans to conquer enemy faction bases. You can use God Mode to spawn infinite items and make battles between hundreds of Colonists and raiders. The possibilites and replayability of Rimworld is extraordinary, which makes this highly addictive game something you can always come back to. The game doesn't require a beefy rig either, making it a great game for older or lower end PC's that don't have the big boy specs of more expensive PC's."
,Recommended,294100,30210200,Posted: 26 February,all,GytarByte,"Hahaha so It's been a long time since I reviewed Rimworld, I'm just gonna freshen this thing up a bit with a quick story.I'm playing with Star Wars, and other assorted mods. This group of visitors from the Imperial Tax Collecters show up. I try to show em a good time. Some Hospitality. One of the Tax collectors, we'll call him Jim, decided to start shooting my target practice dummys with a rocket launcher, this will not do.So my Grey Padiwan main char goes to arrest Jim, figured I'd throw Jim in the slammer for a night, and let Jim run on home in the morning. Nah! he resists, though I wrangle Jim up pretty quick.A friend who was part of their group, lets call her Veggie comes to his aid and swiftly recieves brain damage from a blaster bolt to the head. I give both of them medical treatment and send Jim on his way.Still stuck with veggie. She's also missing her right leg due to my main dudes sweet lightsaber skills. Notice she has a bionic left foot (She dont need that anymore) so I take it off her.....hands...anyway, I figure, maybe if I fix her legs and stuff, she'll leave, I give her a peg leg, and a replacement wooden foot, only to find out she still isnt going annnnnywheeere,Faced with a decision...Euthanize, or Harvest Organs first, then Euthanize.....just as this thought crosses my mind, I get a notification on screen... Congratulations, its Veggie's 45th Birthday...Happy Birthday Veggie, I'm taking your organs, thx for the bionic foot."
76561198073474082,Recommended,294100,32140835,Posted: 2 June,all,justpureironical,"Pros:Fun gameplay, customizable experience; it can be a hardcore survival, a chill base-builder or anything in between.Very complex, lots of nice details yet not overwhelming.Great Dev team, particularily the lead developer, Tynan, you can see that they really care about the game, and also the customer. There is a steady flow of updates and the game has improved measurably since launch.Mod scene is thriving. You want more weapons? you can have all the weapons. Want it to be in the Star Wars universe? you can have that. Lovecraftian Horrors? Check.Amazing sound-track. It blends in seamlessly with the game, one of the few ones I can listen to without having to turn it off and play my own music.Cons:The biggest con I would have to say is the way that time gets sucked whilst playing this game!All in all I would definately reccomend buying this game if you are any way interested in the genre, as in a sea of early access moneygrabbing scams, this really is a gem, and we should support developers who have loads of talent and are genuine."
,Recommended,294100,33578846,Posted: 16 July,all,Nebby,My colonists got killed by squirrels 11/10 Its freaking amazing
76561198059520771,Recommended,294100,25036773,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mookiebear 1020,Had a tribal colony of 4 lesbians and one male doctor.  After being denied by all the females he slowly lost his mind and set fire to the entire colony.-Would get homicidal blueballs again   11/10
76561197979194629,Recommended,294100,24565284,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,a friend,I really enjoy this game so far. It truly feels like a successor to Dwarf Fortress.
76561198044820877,Recommended,294100,25738687,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FB AxlFur,"It was a hard winter, we had no food, no way to grow any more, and times were desperate, the men were eating corpses, i thought i was done for, then a surprise happened, a battery overloaded and blew up part of the house, burning it down and killing everyoneSeriously, just get the game, it's awesome"
76561198035912685,Recommended,294100,24353124,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Poptart Legend,simply amazing for an early access game
76561198053652819,Recommended,294100,29452781,Posted: 23 January,all,MadyNoelle,"RimWorld has caused me to have no grasp on what time it is in reality. RimWorld is fun, aggravating, addicting, and hilarious all at once. Whether a colonist is going crazy and wants to kill everything and everyone, or everyone is sick except for the one who refuses to handle medicine and they all die out, it is hilariously unfortunate. I've only put about 20 hours so far since I've owned it, but I know many more will be added to that number soon. Great game, 10/10 :) Also, when all your characters die out except one, beware: you may end up having 11 yorkshire terriers randomly join your colony."
,Recommended,294100,24564423,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mario,"Great game, early access or otherwise.  If you think you might like this game, you will love it.  It's really quite wonderful."
,Recommended,294100,27440452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StarGuardianVix,"I'm a college student, and I'm pretty cheap when it comes to games. Every game I own has been bought while it was on sale.Except for Rimworld.And it has been worth every penny.The game continues to grow under the watchful eye of the devlopers, and each update brings something better than the last.  Rimworld is one of those games that you boot up to play for 30 minutes, but end up spending 8 hours. Within the first week of buying, I logged 49 hours and spent every possible minute of free time playing. My first tribe died from malaria, my second died from a pyromaniac setting everything on fire while everyone was asleep, and my third was doing aboslutely wonderful until a volcanic winter. I love how prgressively hard the game becomes, and how sometimes it can just get so hard that it's unfair.I wish there were more games as fun as this one turned out to be."
76561198023134585,Recommended,294100,33982966,Posted: 2 August,all,Cpt Enculado,good game
76561198003219881,Recommended,294100,33985165,Posted: 2 August,all,Haniel,"Endlessly fun, great (and varied) mod support, regular updates and additions to the official ""vanilla"" game.  This is one of the few examples of what an Early Access title should be."
,Recommended,294100,30934030,Posted: 3 April,all,Simon_The_Space_Miner,"A nice little game where when you start you don't expect to become attached to your colonists like everyone else says they do, but as you play more and more you being to care more and more for those 3 little people who's space ship crashed onto some random planet. You begin to worry when they are upset and smile when you see that they are in a good mood, and become aggressive to the other people on planet who are trying to steal from you just to survive. You feel sad when they die and happy when a new person joins you lovely little community. At that moment you begin to realize you also fell victim to caring for your colonist much like me and many other people have. They become your little children and you love each and every one, no matter how many are 70 year old women with Mohawks and machine guns running into battle against teenagers."
,Recommended,294100,34046948,Posted: 5 August,all,SpyroTheDargon,Stop reading reviews and just buy it
76561197961632157,Recommended,294100,29123831,Posted: 8 January,all,Gula,"This may or may not have biased my review, but at the time when I purchased Rimworld, it was at the same time when I had purchased No Man's Sky. I thought it would be nice to jump in to a spectrum of different, otherworldly experiences with two very different games. I must say, the hype reception behind both games was definitely polar opposites. Rimworld was my favorite game of 2016 and I foresee myself playing it for many more years to come.The game is a procedural storytelling simulation that leaves a lot of blanks to be filled in with your imagination. If you like games like Prison Architect, Terraria, and (stick with me here) ARK, Fallout... you will like this game.  The community is also great, with a relatively active modding community, but don't think that you HAVE to mod this game. The base game is definitely good enough to get you going.Every time you die or lose your game, you'll find yourself compelled to want to restart again, taking what you've learned and trying to increase survivability for your next attempt.  I'd highly recommend playing on Permadeath mode, as it makes the experience worth your while. Think of that like Diablo ""Hardcore"" mode."
76561197969452939,Recommended,294100,29018978,Posted: 4 January,all,Farmthis,"Listen -- This game is not ""early access"" in the disappointing sense we've become accustomed to.This game may not be complete in the developers eyes, but uh... to everyone else, it is FANTASTIC already and extremely fun to play. And replay. And replay.You wont regret buying this game, and it's still growing and gaining features at a really impressive rate. Tynan is quite a disciplined developer who doesn't lose sight of his goals.This is basebuilding at its best. The little legless people have surprising depth--they have relationships, they have various work ethics and manerisms. Some of them you'll value and protect--some of them you'll entrust to defend against raiders... others you wouldn't be sad to see eaten by a pack of man-eating rats.Which happens.The richness of this world and its evolving and unpredictable nature makes it never get old."
,Recommended,294100,29131859,Posted: 8 January,all,Mike,"Whole body: RimworldRimworld need(unmet)Awesome game guys, love it!"
,Recommended,294100,28490446,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Rimworld is sincerely one of my favorite games of all time. Under simple Prison Architect style graphics is one of the most complex and detailed colony building games you'll ever experience, and with this latest update it just got even better. Probably my favorite game to come out in the last five years, and that's no little praise."
,Recommended,294100,34159847,Posted: 10 August,all,Frogting,this game is fun
,Recommended,294100,34170828,Posted: 11 August,all,A Piece Of Cheese,SpoilerThe game is too good. do not buy.
76561198027994280,Recommended,294100,31533330,Posted: 3 May,all,Ismaru,"Awesome game where you manage your own space colony. It's tough, but that makes it really challenging!Pro'sThe game is very diverse in what you can do and how you decide to survive is up to you - for example you could hunt for meat, harvest berries or just go for cannibalism.Every playthrough is very unique thanks to the AI storyteller and the enormous diversity of characters (called ""pawns"") that you play withThe game's really hard. I have had moments in which my entire colony got killed by a horde of angry gazellesEven though the game is currently still in early access, there are already a ton of mods out there to play around with and some of them totally change your gameThe sheer randomness of the game made me laugh a bunch of times. I suddenly encountered a horde of cute little doggies that wanted to live with me, so I made them a nice place in my base. Moments later, my pyromaniac lesbian cleaning lady with one eye and a peg leg had enough of the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and decided to set them all on fire. Now that was something I didn't expect to happen :pConsIt might be a bit too hard sometimes, but its hard to determine whether random events are just too rough or that it's simply mismanagement on my own end. I often relied on one person for specific things and if they got into trouble (or even died) that usually meant catastrophic results.The graphics really reminded me of prison architect (they shared assets I believe) and even though it doesn't look bad, it feels unoriginal. I respect that he dev decided to focus on what he's good at but I hope it eventually gets its ""own"" touch.The name of the game is... awkward. I've never had so many steam friends message me saying inappropriate things when they saw me launch the game via their friendslist.Some things feel unpolished. But that is to be expected of an early-access game. Examples would currently be caravans and using trade pods. They seem irrelevant and a huge risk, rather than being useful (as they seemingly should be)At first I was a bit hesitant with an early access game at a relatively high price point, but I was pleasantly surprised of how complete and fun this game already is. Definitely recommended for anyone looking for a fun and strategic management game!Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,294100,31536331,Posted: 3 May,all,BabyCentaurs,Pros-Mods-Good Graphics-Good Difficulities to choice from-Good Story Tellers to choice from-Randomly generated characters-Great gameplay and Time Worthy-Developer OptionCons-Rinse and Repeat-Can take time to get the right character-Map Generation
76561198198872497,Recommended,294100,34362562,Posted: 19 August,all,Maximum Recoil,"You may have over hundreds of hours on a single save but this game will never stop throwing hardships in your direction no matter how built up you are. This game, no matter how good you are, will challenge you."
,Recommended,294100,34364804,Posted: 19 August,all,BCUMS,Best 29.99 you'll ever spend.
76561198290817586,Recommended,294100,34364008,Posted: 19 August,all,IkeAR,It is a really fun game i do recomed it so much to do.
,Recommended,294100,34363219,Posted: 19 August,all,drakhri,Very fun.
76561198107364343,Recommended,294100,34383435,Posted: 20 August,all,RevenantK,Sexy af m8's
76561198028854017,Recommended,294100,34346161,Posted: 19 August,all,LightningFalcon,"This game is awesome! What I love the most about it is, that the colonists live their own lives, so the amount of crazy stories is endless."
,Recommended,294100,27682035,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ALPHA_CUBE,It's a good game.  I would definitely recommend buying it.
,Recommended,294100,24716425,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Pieper,"First attempt: Start simple, right? So I go tribal start in a rainforest. I learn the basic controls and mechanics of the game, painfully at times.All is well.Unable to build walls yet, I dig out a home in a small hill. Beds for everyone.My community thrives and slowly grows and expands its numbers and riches.Still no walls.Get raided multiple times by bandits, often having some major injury from the firefight.Into the second year nearly every living member of the tribe either has an eye patch, hook hand, or peg leg. One colonist is even totally blind, having lost both eyes.There's gotta be a better way.I know, I'll tame some attack animals. Tamed my first two panthers no problem. Never got a chance to train them before attempting panther number 3...Tanning fails. Panther attacks. Kills 3 of my 6 colonists, and injures my doctor and cook. Nothing but the hunter left who doesn't know much of medicine.He attempts to save them.During surgery on the doctor, he critically fails at installing the peg leg and removes her brain (how, I have no idea). The cook later dies of infection.My hunter lives his days in solitude until the next bandit raid. During the raid he is shot and his stomach is destroyed. He dies alone from infection.10/10 Would remove brain again"
,Recommended,294100,28510473,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Neoshinryu,"I've played about 300 hours or so in the few weeks I've had this game...send help.I promise I won't leave out stacks of beer, in the hopes of causing your pack Muffalos to get drunk and pass out.... leaving all the delicious gear they're hauling on the ground..."
,Recommended,294100,28798767,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Seraph,I enjoyed this game quite a bit. It's like Prison Architect mixed with Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,294100,34382514,Posted: 20 August,all,Sponticore,"I played like an hour and know how to make wooden houses.Its stupid good.Buy, do not wait for sale - you will be shortchanging the developers if you dont buy it for all of your friends!"
,Recommended,294100,34324042,Posted: 18 August,all,AshDroid,helpthe chickens are laying eggs faster than I can slaughter them
76561198262041937,Recommended,294100,34346840,Posted: 19 August,all,xXRosalieXx,"I could buy food or Rimworld...so I bought Rimworld. I wasn't sure about this game at first because it seemed really complicated, but one run through the tutorial and I was good to go. I absolutely LOVE being able to have elephants in my colony. That's probably my favorite part of the game, and they're super useful too, since they can be trained to haul, rescue, attack, etc. I defintely recommend this game, and it's worth the money to name the characters."
,Recommended,294100,24584768,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,4Dyce,"This game! AMAZING!Every time you play this game it's different. Every time you talk to someone about this game they have a different story that unfolded. I love this game!You should Totally buy it, it's worth every penny!"
76561198102013785,Recommended,294100,33943632,Posted: 1 August,all,Fighting_Hare,"went through a playthrough of rimworld and everything had been going perfectly for about 3 quadrums, easily fed off raids with our 4 sniper rifles and had a whole farm of animals probably 5 or 6 alpaca and 7 or 8 pigs and then 7 or 8 wild boars as well, oh and an attack elephant and panther duo. and it all ended within one day.... our tailory room... zzt.... power blew, fire, tailor, leathers, wool...... everyone died in the 3000 degree room.... 12 colonists beautiful weapons and armor burned in ashes. it was hard to watch. 10/10 would do again."
76561197966645792,Recommended,294100,24988583,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Greazy,so awesomme and highly addictive
76561198030952094,Recommended,294100,27878149,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WookieFin,"This game can be described as ""what the hell? where did my weekend go?"""
,Recommended,294100,25983941,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Elzephor,"My only regret is that I have but one review to give. This game is beautiful, challenging, and emotionally touching unlike anything I've ever played. Best game of 2016 by far, and it isn't even out of Alpha. Bravo, Ludeon!"
,Recommended,294100,33169428,Posted: 2 July,all,Trizzy,Prison Architect space style!
,Recommended,294100,26434428,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Sago Fighter,"Dwarf Fortress, with a much better UI. I've spent hours upon hours on this game, and am looking forward to spending even more."
76561198084950189,Recommended,294100,30956312,Posted: 4 April,all,Frosty,"A colony simulator at its best. Countless replaybility, with countless imagination and scenario at your disposal.A booming mod to cater to what ever you need.Highly recommend to those that find looking after a ant colony or a open world imagination game. rep +"
76561198029739150,Recommended,294100,30962653,Posted: 5 April,all,ajsgf798,"Surpisingly fun and addictive! Having bought this game on a whim, I had little to no expectations going forward, now I'm sorry I didn't buy it sooner! Rimworld provides a unique approach to city management, resource management, building, and simulation / strategy genres while remaining simple enough in gameplay to quickly pick up and run with it. Though simple in design, there are enough random elements and variables within the characters and maps to make for a true infinite possibility of gameplay, true re-playability at its finest. If you've been on the fence about this game make the leap, you'll be sorry you didn't do it sooner! Worth it at full price (truthfully worth more than the full price)Pros:Simple, engaging, and addicitive (maybe that's a con)Controls, UI, and time management make this easy to play on any system with any amount of time availableInfinite replayability and random aspects of gameplay, no two games will ever be the sameCons:Some of the more complex gameplay features are a little hard to deduce the first time throughStill in development; until full release it's hard to give a true 100% review.Worth it at full price, a must buy when on sale! 4.5 / 5"
76561198028262758,Recommended,294100,30973507,Posted: 5 April,all,Trevormifur9,"This game is incredible. If you're a fan of city builders, or survival games, and you can deal with the graphics, this game will give you hours of fun.My longest colony went on for about nearly 8 years, all of the original members still kicking. I sent out 4 of my colonists in a caravan and a day later was attacked by a large raid and all but 2 people were wiped out, leaving 1 a vegetable. Turned my caravan back in hopes I could salvage what was left, only to get swarmed by a manhunter pack leaving noone alive. My last ""good"" colonist went into on alcohol binge and we were hit by another raid a couple days later.I had been playing this colony for 2 weeks, and they died in less than an hour. 10/10 would get f*cked up again."
,Recommended,294100,30990745,Posted: 6 April,all,TheClassyBandit,"Great game, requires a lot of careful plannning and organization to achieve success. This game is not a casual one, even the ""peaceful"" mode can cripple your colonist and presents a challange. I haven't reached the end-game yet, but it's one hell of a ride so far. 9/10The only thing I dislike about this is how there isnt a sandbox mode. Everything else about this game is spot on perfect though."
76561198120590994,Recommended,294100,33100067,Posted: 1 July,all,rpardini,Rimworld is a great colony sim.  It'll teach you the value of eating meals at a table.
,Recommended,294100,29532965,Posted: 27 January,all,cabostein1™ 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,"This Game is Amazing, stop reading this and get it, like RIGHT NOW"
76561198150336512,Recommended,294100,34908507,Posted: 12 September,all,gleandan,"i have only 3 words bois! I LOVED IT!it's a survival game and are in the control of your group and making upgrades, make raids, avenger your partnes and more!if you gonna buy? you never stop playing it!"
76561198113365362,Recommended,294100,34909153,Posted: 12 September,all,Rommel,"Amazing game, the mechanics are absolutely fantastic. It is constantly being updated and the modding scene is possibly the best for any game ever."
,Recommended,294100,34911769,Posted: 12 September,all,21 Cabbage,"A very good management and survival simulation, will bring back some amazing memories from games like Dwarf Fortress, but all the while dressed up in graphics similar to the more recent hit in Prison Architect.Let's be honest, the worst part of the game is the updates not coming in fast enough..."
76561197995887426,Recommended,294100,27732534,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,holz,great challenging sci-fi simulation
76561198356053293,Recommended,294100,29349556,Posted: 18 January,all,Chopsticks,"It took me 43 hours of game time to get a wonderful base going. I thought this was a good time to start raiding the pirates. I got my three best snipers in a line ready to fire. I killed about 5 of the pirates before they started shooting back. My fragger threw a grenade, right next to two of my guys. Surprise, surprise they didn't die. After the raid was over I found one of my guys with a shredded leg. I got him back to base and prepared to replace the leg with a robotic one. After a day I saw a little red box with the word ""ridiculous"". I looked at my guys heath and he had two broken arms with brain damage. I thought he would be fine. Until a week later he went crazy and gunned down my entire base after picking up my only minigun. ""9/10 would ruined my life with more video games again"""
76561198055691099,Recommended,294100,34920678,Posted: 13 September,all,-W3E- Josh,"I can only imagine what the developers' childhoods must have been like, considering the unrealistic standards they set themselves to. I imagine Ludeon has a person who's job it is to go behind the developers, whip them, and yell ""NOT GOOD ENOUGH!"".These are the only reasons I can fathom for why after 4 years of updates it's not only still in early access, but is still in ALPHA. Make no mistake, despite being in alpha Rimworld has a level of polish and content that most AAA games only dream of.  It manages to put more personality into limbless mutes than most games have in photorealistic characters voiced by Nolan North. At this rate, version 1.0 will only be availible on holodecks.Rimworld is aboslutely worth your money as it currently is,"
76561198014628604,Recommended,294100,28880440,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RoboGerbil,"TL;DR (Too Long; Didnt Read): This game is tough. If you played oregon trail to watch your travellers die, this is the game for you!I awoke from crysosleep to the sound of claxton alarms. Our ship was coming apart and caught in a planets gravety well. Still reeling from the sickness I tried to grab some sensible things. A pistol, some med kits, and a months worth of rations. My wife was supposed to be on this ship too but before I could make another trip to look for her the blast doors closed and I was left scrambling for the escape pod I was filling with supplies.Landfall. The planet is mostly forested. Plenty of game, should things get desparate. The nav computer on my pod says I landed somewhere near the equator. A few minutes pass as I get my bearings. There are ruined structures all around my crash site. Never more than a wall or two. Luckily I know how to fabricate these falling chunks of spaceship. I should have a shelter by nightfall.Two other escape pods crash nearby. A woman and her daughter. The woman is some kind of botanist, and the daughter seems rather useless. So I put them to work. Rome wasnt built in a day afterall. The woman started tilling a rice field. I thought it was a lost cause, but she kept at it. The daughter, I just told her to gather whatever supplies she could find from the falling debris. She comes back with a beat up rifle, a combat knife, a cafeteria worth of field rations and another medkit. Nice.I finish making the shelter and crafting some makeshift beds just in time for sundown. But things get dark here in the forest. I need some dry wood for a torch. I strap some metal together in the shape of a crude axe and head out. As Im walking through the forest I hear a howling. I thought this would be the end, so soon... But I rounded a tree and there in the clearing, the clouds had parted just for a moment, a dog. A Yellow Labrador Retriever. Grieving over her human. The body was punctured by all manner of shrapnel, too bloody for me to know if she was from the same ship I was on or if she was a local. The dog seemed friendly enough though. So with a little food she followed me back to camp.The days progressed well. Day 3, a large chunk of the spaceship crashed about a hundred feet from the house. We had enough fresh metal to last a year out here. I built a storage shed out back and added a barn onto the house in hopes to raise some of these animals wandering so close to camp. The Botanist gave up on the rice field and planted a poptato field near the sandbag fort. The popatoes are already sprouting.Day 4: A woman arrived in camp today. She is a survivor from the crashed ship, I think. She says she has some medical training, but she was really hard to speak to. Not only because she spoke another language, but because she wasnt wearing pants or underwear... Just the medical scrubs shirt and hat.Our camp was raided. I dont know how long Ive been out. Things got pretty bad after the raid. We fought off the raiders. I took a bullet to the heart, but survived. Friendly fire apparently. The raiders beat me up pretty bad too. Broken leg, bruised ribs and face. The girls got pretty shaken up about it. Then some wild animal attacked the medic. Shes all scratched to hell. All I can find is a bunny corpse though. Well even if thats the case, Im going to shoot every damn critter I find once I can walk again!Hunting went well today. Three large Ibex Rams, and two Deer bucks. I set up a meat processing workshop in the unused barn. Ill have some leather pants for our medic by tomorrow. I moved the stove over to the storage shed so the girls dont have to haul the food so far every time. I also built a crude power generator. The stove now runs on electricity. The Botanist also started a corn field. The corn is growing well. She also conscripted her daughter to help. Shes a natural. Even got the rice field starting to grow. Not well, but its better than nothing. The daughter has been acting weird since the raider attack though. She seems way more helpful.HOLY CRAP! the daughter was pulling a late night last night. and she HAD A FREAKING HEART ATTACK! Im freaking out here! If a girl in her teens has a heart attack from a bit of hard work, Im SCREWED with this BULLET IN MY HEART!Everyones sick. The daughter is still comatose. I built a medical ward on the opposite side of the field. Pretty sure were going to be using it a lot. Weve gone through the entirety of the first medical kit already. I trained the dog to protect us. Im just getting too weak ever since I was shot. I need to start a plan B in case things go south in a hurry.Day 14: This is Cammy: the daughter (as Lexi is bad with names.) I found this journal under some weird thing Lexi was working on. He is in the medical shack. He and Mom are sick with Malaria. I guess they ate some uncooked food for a bit when I was comatose. Well that [Blood drenches the rest of the page][Several pages later] Everyone is dead. The dog turned on us first. Then some cryopod crashed near the base. Used all our supplies saving the person inside only so she could screw us over when she left. Then my wife was found in another crashed cryopod. We were out of medical supplies to save her from her injuries. Then some raiders came and killed the Botanist. The doctor died from her injuries from the dog. Just me and the daughter left now. No food. No medicine. Im going to harvest all the food from the field and head toward this AI who has a space ship landed near the northern ice cap."
76561198084333129,Recommended,294100,25778928,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DarkM1nds,"tl:dr - Do try this game.  Don't get attached to your colonists. Kill all the cougars.There were five of us.Daniel ""Dan""Olesya ""Lalande""Theodore ""Seraph""his brother, TanIvanand Flora, our retriever.We started out with a modest farm, built into the mountain, slept out in the cold.  Things weren't easy but there were livable.  Tan was getting over his Flake addiction by taking up sculpting, Dan trained Flora and they were inseperable. Lalande and Seraph hooked up on day one.  Ivan was Ivan.We managed to get up a solar panel, a battery, and a freezer within just a few days.  Next task was working on living quarters.  However before too long a pair of raiders came hunting us down.  We killed one and knocked out the other one.  Threw him in a makeshift cell and learned his name at least. Finn wasn't so bad.  Ivan sort of befriended him.  A day after that a woman ran into camp to hide from some local tribe.  Her name was Carson.  We took care of the pair of tribesmen rather quickly.  Things couldn't be going better.  It was only a matter of time before something happened.A cougar, of all things.  Started huntin Flora.  It was by far the better predator and killed our dog.  Daniel lost her leg to that thing before we managed to put it down.  The damage was done.  So we made a tomb for Flora, and set Daniel in bed.  We had used up all our medicine so we couldn't do much about a prosthetic.  Sometime after that, Seraph and Lalande got engaged, Ivan convinced Finn to join us, then started dating Carson.  I guess Ivan isn't so odd after all.  A drop pod got us some medication so Daniel could get the medical procedure she needed to walk again.Then we hit a dry spell.  Nothing happened for days.  We built rooms for everyone. Celebrated the Wedding of Seraph and Lalande, and even Ivan ended up proposing.  Everything went to hell so fast.  Middle of the night, a battery overloaded and started a fire in the freezer.  All our food went up in flames.  Ivan and Carson died trying to put out the fire.  They never got to get married.  The rest of them waited outside as the fire died down.Our farms survived.  We had four stable crops that gave a steady supply almost daily.  So we started rebuilding.  What would you know another damn cougar shows up and takes down Daniel.  Finn tried to lay some cover fire, and Lalande grabbed a knife.  Sadly they weren't quick enough.  Daniel died that day.  It took her arm this time, and even chewed off a bit of Lalande's toe.  Finn started cowering and Tan finished it off before it could get more of Lalande.So now there's four of us.  And I still can't stop playing despite the pain and suffering.  I can't help but cheer on the survivors, and hope for the best.  At least I've got Tan, Seraph, and Lalande."
,Recommended,294100,24804846,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dood,"Pretty fun colony builder , indepth and fun 10/10"
,Recommended,294100,32948580,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr.Robot,good game
76561197994997049,Recommended,294100,24378736,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,rudders,"This is one of those games you pick up and know you will never put down. With 4.3hours played its already sitting in my favouites section.Its top down like Prison Achitect but more base building.  There are huge micromanagement options should you want to play that way.Am always reloading post raid as the colony folk tend to die a lot with me at the helm.Anyway, great game. Cant wait to see how it evolves (fingers crossed nicer UI)."
,Recommended,294100,24378738,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Gaara,"Made a scenario where you are a lone survivor with a bear.Your only objective is to keep the bear alive.Unfortunately my colonist became starved,and the bear was only a couple feet away. So I had a feast.My colonist was morbidly depressed after.Fun game, and I have only just begun. I could easily become addicted."
76561198009049661,Recommended,294100,24378645,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ash7on,Good survival game!!
76561198109729147,Recommended,294100,32766812,Posted: 25 June,all,Sarcastasaurus,"This Early Access game has more polish than a lot of fully released games I've played. Stop hesitating, buy Rimworld, and go play it! I've had it a long time now and it's great to see the work the devs have put in. So many new features have been added and old ones refined and polished. If this game were to suddenly disappear from my library, I'd buy it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,294100,32763281,Posted: 25 June,all,Maximus[TGOA],"10/10 Best top down, strategy base building, with workshop game ever."
,Recommended,294100,32766226,Posted: 25 June,all,Durtturbine,10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by man-hunter squirrels again.
76561198087166846,Recommended,294100,32764850,Posted: 25 June,all,SilentNight™,"The game itself doesnt look very appealing at first glance, be it youtube gameplay or preview, its the kind of game that require you to actually play it in order to experience its potentials and attractiveness.At first I never actually consider this game at all, but later on still decided to give it a try and I fall in love with it within first 10 mins. It has so much potentials, great mechanics and complex systems. You can technically play this game anyway you want or roleplaying any character you wished and produced the story of you own.If you think the vanilla game not good enough, there are tons of mods out there which can completely change the gameplay experience and make it looks like a completely different game.TLDR: Best base builder game, Best survival game, Best ""customizable Role Play Game"", if you like any of the category mentioned and you not the kind of gamer who care too much about graphic then this is a must have game for your steam libraryPS: Sorry for the bad english but I owe this game a good review :)."
76561198043413391,Recommended,294100,25725963,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,simakuutio,"I truly love this game (even it's still heavily evolving) and only downside of this game I have found is that it's brutally consuming ALL my freetime, I mean every possible moment I have ""nothing to do"", goes with this masterpiece.This game should come with some warning labels. Way too addictive."
76561198242486908,Recommended,294100,35119522,Posted: 21 September,all,Bskin,This game is amazing. You can make anything you want (within reason of course). I personally made a barn where I kept my animals and I fed them the raiders I killed. No wasting resources! hahahahhahhahahahhahahahh
76561198083005318,Recommended,294100,35142724,Posted: 22 September,all,fairwitness,"This game is fantastic. Be warned though, it's also highly addictive.It appears to have something for everyone.Drama.Romance.Action.Adventure.It's like an endless choose your own adventure story with random events and tragic love affairs.Just buy it already. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,294100,25376587,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,QuillGuard,Realy awesome!
76561198008064392,Recommended,294100,29237939,Posted: 13 January,all,maurice91,"""Blood for the stargods"" Rim world is very good Dwarf Fortress light game. and best of all it has a UI that doesn't make your eyes bleed.""if you buy this game and love it go try DF its epic, free and as a UI that will make your eyes bleed"""
,Recommended,294100,25880199,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fraggle,"An absolute joy to play!Initially, it has that ring of “oh no, not this again”  but as you spend more time with your chosen colonists you start to see more than just generic place-holders wandering about.  Their skills have a very real effect on how things play out. The more time you spend the more you see the complex game mechanic come alive as your colonists interact with each other and not just the environment.  What initially seems like a terrible skill system suddenly becomes a complex tool to get things sorted out..Diary of a survivor:Day 1:  5 Clan members build their new home. A makeshift wooden hut with 5 beds and a broken wooden lamp. Everyone is helping, except the Chief who seems to be watching. Crops are planted, but we need food Now so someone has to go hunting.Day 2: Horrible nights sleep, the beds fine but sharing a room with 4 other people…  Give me a break.  These ratios will not last long. The Chief has gone hunting, but unless we can find some steel to make a stove, I doubt we are going to be eating healthy any time soon.  At least we have a Butcher table built.Day 3: Raw meat for breakfast, I think Im going to be sick…  Between that and the lack of sleep Im starting to loose my mind here.  Just focus on the tasks, gather wood, gather resources and make sure the Crops are okay.Day 4: Healer said she spotted a Rabid squirrel. I hope it doesnt come towards camp. We finally have the stove up, but theres little to cook. Im going to have to go hunting with the Chief.Day 5: The squirrel found us late last night.  It bit our Healer first then attacked me as I tried to help. Toko finally killed it, but only after he got badly scratched.  We have no bandages, no way of cleaning the wounds… This could be bad.Day 6: Woke up with a fever, as did the Healer and Toko.  We could be in trouble. The Chief is doing his best but unless someone comes back with medicine soon……Day 7:  Chief cooking is terrible…  I think Id rather die from the infection than eat his soup again, and his bedside care is not much better.Day 8: Toko passed away last night, I dont know what..  I am so close to losing my mind now, Im pretty sure these beds would burn pretty well…..Day 9:  Visited Toko’s Grave, spent a good 2 hours there…  I really dont feel like doing anything today.  But we are low on food, and nobody has checked the crops in days………..-  Thats my story,  (so far) Whats yours going to be?."
76561197973342923,Recommended,294100,25879253,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mash131,Main colonist keeps getting drunk and then force feeding beer to the animals.  10/10
76561198146944158,Recommended,294100,31480555,Posted: 1 May,all,dav1d.br3wer,"I never felt moved by a game to make a review before.This game let's you tell some crazy stories with a little imagination.After the update that allows one to move their people across other tiles, the devs have also fulfilled wishes that I didn't know that I had.I'm sure you already know what it's like from seeing gameplay and other reviews, so this is just another confirming that you should get it if you are on the fence about it because I really enjoyed it.10/10 I already recommend it to everyone."
76561198133621789,Recommended,294100,31481166,Posted: 1 May,all,Crimson Rock,Believe me this game is absolutely worth it I bet it's hard to understand for new comers every time I play this game people are always confuse on what I'm playing my hours here on steam doesn't count on all the hours  I've invested in this game I bought the game on steam when It was Alpha 16 but before I played it for many hours I started playing when it was only at Alpha 12. Rimworld is an absolute complex game every detail is given each scenarios can be unique and you'll have different experience every time you play. Rimworld can be very hard for the beginners and can be really easy for the Veterans the more you understand the game the easier it gets and if you want to have the best experience I suggest you play a permadeath so you can't reload saves after messing up it makes the game feel real
76561198217431808,Recommended,294100,26408381,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,lasvegaslowroller,Started my first colony.Planted flowers.Gave everyone glorious bedrooms.The colony doctor didn't think his bedroom was nice enough.He went crazy and burned down the colony.The fire killed everyone.Started my second colony.Don't. Pick. Pyromaniacs.Got further along than with my first colony.Everything was going smoothly and I was proud of myself.Dug a mine into the wrong mountain.Centipedes with machine guns emerged from the mountain and killed everyone.Now I'm on my third colony.All my colonists are  psychopaths.We arrest and harvest the organs of anyone who comes near the colony.Things are going great.Help.
,Recommended,294100,26406860,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Aeimnestuss,I have only had this game for 2 weeks and I have poured 66+ hours into it and have enjoyed every second of it. This game is everything you expect it to be and more. Immediatley I was hooked by the prison architect look and once I saw Firefly in the description I was sold. This game has amazing workshop mods and great replayability. Great job to the one man studio putting this out.
,Recommended,294100,26407577,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vola,"Very fun game for early release! Looking forward to see how the final product looks.  Oh, and don't attack the explosive animals.  Don't try and harvest the tamed ones either.  still explosive.  Mistakes were made."
,Recommended,294100,31033644,Posted: 8 April,all,Suta The Dutch,"amputate footcuts out eyeMinor Mistake♥♥♥♥♥ NOthat happened""warning' infection is now spreadinggoes to operate againGETS ATTACKED BY COUGAR THINGYGETS INFECTIONNO ONE ELSE KNOWS HOW TO OPERATET R I G G E R E DRimworld is brutal but OH SO WORTH IT! Rimworld gives such stupid, entertaining, gut-renching, emotional, sad, harrowing, and overall action-packed stories with its AI story-teller. i've currently only owned it for about a week and i have around 40 hours. LOVE LOVE LOVE THE GAME"
,Recommended,294100,35140302,Posted: 22 September,all,Brainles5,A colonist got hooked on weed and then a squirrel killed my colony. 10/10
,Recommended,294100,35167439,Posted: 23 September,all,Terratron,I ♥♥♥♥in died to a herd of Muffalo.
76561198143248893,Recommended,294100,35013159,Posted: 16 September,all,Sice,"IMO this is my go to survival, base building, story generating game. Tons of replayability due to the immense and vast content within the Workshop which gives the game more depth. There may be a bit of a learning curve but not too complicated. I love this game, however, don't get too attached to your colonists. It. Will. Break. Your. Heart."
76561198040873328,Recommended,294100,29226067,Posted: 13 January,all,Denneledoe,rimworld will make you master the art of rebuilding after you have been completely oblitterated. +1
,Recommended,294100,25559916,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Merc,fun for hours
76561197972809870,Recommended,294100,32520987,Posted: 17 June,all,Bunker,"I am going to make this short.This is a good game, not easy, but good.There is a lot to learn and a lot of replayability.The updates are slow but full of features each time.The mods exist to help customize anything you want or take out parts you don't enjoy.Worth the current cost. If ever on sale you will kick yourself if you do not buy it."
,Recommended,294100,32336313,Posted: 11 June,all,davidrpeters,Fantastic Game. Would be killed by rat well hunting it again. 10/10
76561198049015402,Recommended,294100,25411183,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Happer,"It's SO frustrating, seeing all your work, and all the hours you put into building a colony, being destroyed in literaly seconds .. and it is utterly annoying having to start over, because one of your pets went mental, and killed off .. your entire crew!But .. I really an beginning to love this game.After many failures, after many failed attempts, which started out looking like a success, I think I have the hang of it now .. until next time I get wiped hehe.The game is part resource management, part Sims and part .. I don't know the right word, but combine those 2 knows things, and the unknown factor, everything works!Don't have enough steel to build that wall? Mine some, or destruct an already built structure.Don't have enough food for yourself, and your pet? Grow some, or hunt down animals.Don't have the right apparel or the right weapon? Make some, or buy from traders.I love that you have to grow crops, or cloth .. or even .. mind-expanding material .. then either use those materials on their own, or even better .. build a stove, turn crops into a nice meal, harvest hops, turn it into beer  .. and other crops, which you can light on fire, and feel both social, laidback ... but for some reason, suddenly very hungry!Ive spend a good time on this game so far, but keeps surprising me, relatives .. weddings .. people getting cabin fever.A great casual game, no stress deadline  to reach in the game.For those of you, who have played Prison Architect, it's a bit like that, just a lot more versatile."
76561198254664736,Recommended,294100,25427851,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,caprise0218,"No words can describe how amazing this game really is. You're wasting time even reading this review! Just buy it already, you won't regret it!"
76561198026322823,Recommended,294100,25463168,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,baesque,"I can't get enough of this game, it's quickly becoming one of my favorites of ALL TIME!"
76561198007274407,Recommended,294100,25436970,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,atzach,Haven't had this much fun losing and starting over since Civ V.
76561198013998461,Recommended,294100,25474362,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,devlinflaherty,"Updated review: This game may say early access, but its a finished game.... it just keeps getting free content updates. The developer listens to what players have to say, and implements changes accordingly. Even better, the modding community is very active, and there are all sorts of little changes you can get to make your game that much more enjoyable.This is beyond a 10/10 game. This is what indie gaming should be. It would be worth it at twice the price. Endless replayability, that you enjoy even when you fail and have to start all over again.Do yourself a favour and buy this game."
76561198026441699,Recommended,294100,25508238,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NaViL,"Hi,i still cant believe a 100MB game got me so deep, couldnt stop playing like for 5 days :).Continue the great work.Greetings"
,Recommended,294100,25521532,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,HotWingHero,"Rimworld is a deep and complex game, and while it may be difficult, you never really feel like it's too unfair. At least for me. You can have 3 crashed survivors, 1 bored rich person, or 5 outcast tribals, pets included. I suggest you use the in-game tutorial bot, it's not too intrusive and it's very informative.9/10   Has a few faults, but those faults are overshadowed by everything this game does right."
,Recommended,294100,25523774,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Alan's Breakfast,"10/10 game, doesn't even feel like it's in early access, probably one of the best games in my library."
76561198042996035,Recommended,294100,25429549,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Riles,"Dont let the Artwork fool you, This game has some serious depth. The attention to detail is wonderful; while The game play is focused on the story of you and your attempt to live on the Rim. for the price I would say it is well worth your time."
76561198145674841,Recommended,294100,25459545,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dudley [SuperiorServers.Co],Great Game. Buy it.
,Recommended,294100,25522953,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Vast Russian Conspiracy,"You know how you buy 10 early access games and they all suck really hard and your like ""I just wasted 40 bucks, what was I thinking?""Rimworld is the exact OPPOSITE of that. You buy it, you go whats this, the game draws you in and before you know it its 5am and you're on your 4th colony. The only game I can compare it to is Civilization, not because the gameplay is similar, but because both games will launch you into a twilight zone of focus and fun.You will lose. A lot. You will lose constantly. And everytime you do, you will learn. Losing is honestly not a bad thing in this game. I've put several hundred hours into it according to steam, and I've yet to go through 50% of the content. I just keep getting outplayed! And its great.So if you're still reading this, yes its worth the $30, no the developer will not ever drop the price (I believe its a policy) and no you will not regret it in a month or two.I'm tellin you this game is the exception to all the suck out there. BUY IT!"
76561198189772906,Recommended,294100,25523697,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Uyaana,First Playthrough I had started with 2 Arctic Foxes. Now I have about 100 of them. Who needs colonists at this point LOL. Love the game and can't wait to see what else I can find on the Steam Workshop.
,Recommended,294100,25528140,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nota,Extremely addictive and entertaining game.
76561198125995756,Recommended,294100,25369492,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JulienSimard034,"There's a bit of a learning curve, but once you get over it the game is amazing. They've recently added a tutorial so it may be easier now. The game is still in alpha, but as it stands right now it's a pretty complete game that they just keeps getting more and more content every month. Can't wait what they add in next month's version!"
76561197978392466,Recommended,294100,25520884,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Killer Squirrel,I wrote a long and awesome review for this game... Steam said I didnt own the game... And I am to lazy to rewrite it. So I'll just say... Best game I've played in a loong time. 10/10 would have my entire colony killed over and over again!
76561198044812702,Recommended,294100,27716619,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Architect of Domination,"A great game even without mods, but who doesnt like mods?"
,Recommended,294100,35042261,Posted: 18 September,all,PANZERFUEHRUR,"Great way to waste time (bought it 3 weeks ago and already have 80 hours) . there are a few areas that require improvement (such as caravans and furniture but most importantly misc , although, mods will prop it up in all other aspects util the dev gets around to that)."
76561198065511485,Recommended,294100,32074878,Posted: 30 May,all,superphoneboy,"This game is amazing.  Honestly, I can't stop playing it."
76561198237594236,Recommended,294100,34664831,Posted: 1 September,all,video game man person,"This game is one of the best that I have ever played. It can be a real challenge, but it is always very fun. It is a constant struggle to survive, and manage food and resources, and the game gets progressively harder as your colony gets better, so it hardly ever gets to the point where your base is overpowered and nothing is a threat any more.Even if the base game gets boring, or if you feel that it lacks in depth, Rimworld can be very easily modded, and the majority of mods out there are very well made, and fit in with the base game without unbalancing it, or feeling unnatural. The majority of Rimworld mods add or tweak small things, for example, one makes it so you can make prosthetics, rather than having to buy them from traders, and another adds a recipie for neurotramine. There are a lot of mods that tweak small things, or add things. So if there is something you dont like about the base game, or feel is unbalanced, you can easily mod it out.Each playthrough is different and memorable: you have different colonists, all with different skills, traits, and backstories; Different events such as raids or toxic fallouts, or cold snaps effect each playthrough in a different way, and make it so that every playthrough has memorable stories. You can see what I mean by scrolling through the reveiws.Don't let the fact that it is early acess put you off, as the game feels very polished, and is virtually glitch free.This is an amazing game, with amazing features, and an amazing developer. Go and buy it"
,Recommended,294100,28808817,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Beliandrax,"This game is hardThis game is unforgivingI have made at least 20 new games in the 14 hours I have on this game, probably moreI haven't even gotten past researching ONE part of the tech treeI find myself, every day, sitting there doing nothing then suddenly craving this game.I need it.Good game."
76561198044855539,Recommended,294100,34004741,Posted: 3 August,all,SmoothJazzWineTasting,who needs dwarf fortress when you got this bad boy?if you enjoy the genre there is literally nothing wrong with this game and the developer is great to boot.
76561198034919321,Recommended,294100,32603690,Posted: 20 June,all,MOSSBERG590,Briliant game. Makes hours feel like minutes.
,Recommended,294100,35093436,Posted: 20 September,all,damon181293,I absolutely love this game I bought it a while ago and didn't play much but recently started playing it again and love everything about it. It's very captivating and keep dragging you in for more. Many hours will be spent playing this game
76561197965031598,Recommended,294100,28380533,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,crusis35,This game is like super crack. I love that it uses cloud saves so I can play on both my Mac and PC.Seriously. The game is in active development but its one of the most compulsively playable games I have ever played.
,Recommended,294100,31622787,Posted: 8 May,all,PickleRick!!,Welcome to 21st century colonization simulator where the people are easily-offended-edgy-depressed--teenagers.10/10 would do shooting spree again.
,Recommended,294100,34922420,Posted: 13 September,all,Bluegoon,"This is not the greatest game in the world, this is just a tribute."
76561197999836665,Recommended,294100,24661789,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,(-*Aeren*-),"This is the closest thing I've come to Dwarf Fortress.One of my guys (let's call him Derp) was out hunting and was shooting at a turkey.  He missed and killed the dog.  The owner of the dog was the doctor and very saddened by this.  Later, Derp went out hunting a rabbit.  He missed again and shot a wolf.  The wolf ran up and messed him up, tearing his middle finger from his hand.  After he was treated, the hand developed an infection that got worse and worse.  It got so bad that we needed to amputate the hand.  The doctor (whose dog was killed by Derp) began to operate, and ended up cutting Derp's lung and his leg.  The surgery went poorly and Derp eventually died from the wound to his lung.  The doctor buried him, but I couldn't help but wonder if the sugery went bad on purpose...Even still, the doctor was the only person to visit his grave.  I wonder if he was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on it...10/10  Would experience the whole thing again.  And screw Derp.  That dude deserved what he got."
76561197981192036,Recommended,294100,30421508,Posted: 9 March,all,GutSCranK,Worth every penny!
,Recommended,294100,30422293,Posted: 10 March,all,[SR] Riot ッ (Number) [NA],"I can't stop playing this game, SUPER mod-able.  I....Just....Can't....stop.... I mean, I really didn;t think much of this game at first, but it surprised me.  THIS IS A MUST BUY, unless you don't like fun games."
76561198040545746,Recommended,294100,30327267,Posted: 4 March,all,NarrowGlitch,Its just that good!
,Recommended,294100,24465344,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,babybluelas,"I first played this game at a friends house, where I quickly became an addict. It's you against everything in an effort to survive challenges that vary from a blight that might wipe out your crops, to a toxic fallout which can kill off all of the animals, and leave you relying on whatever food you have stored and can manage to grow without dying from the poison yourself until it is over. Alien insect infestations, Ancient Aliens who have suddely awoken to eat your face, a random npc colony a little ways over who decides they want to take your things.... All those and more await you in this game.The game is in early access, but I'll be honest, I've paid more for games and not gotten near the amount of enjoyment as I have from this game. There is so much customization for your scenarios, as well as even AI levels, so as to adjust the difficulty. Mods are plentiful for this game, covering everything from aesthics to enemies, from types of food, to synthetic gel that you can grow and refine into resources... This game has something that I feel appeals to anyone and everyone. It has that nice sim feel of base building and management, the strategy aspect as to facing your challenges, as well as that survival aspect. Depending on your creativity, you can even do your own little roleplay in it as well between your colonists, as they tend to be fickle creatures. Some will get married, some will cheat, break up, fight... the possibilities are endless.Give it a go, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,294100,24465649,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Skedastic,"Smith's beloved dog Chuck was killed by a raider.  Smith was forced to eat Chuck.  Smith went mad, stripped naked, and gleefully torched the place.  Everyone died.Excellent."
,Recommended,294100,24474731,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MasterShake,"A great game with some of the most unique experiences you can get in gaming. So many different possible things can happen, every play through is different. The devs are amazing and it just looks like there's going to be so much continued content added that the game is only going to get better and better."
76561197975490238,Recommended,294100,24479898,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Beerfox,"A very solild game for early acccess, a lot of depth and though it revolves around managing your group and has A LOT of menu's and sub menu's it really doesn't take long to get the hang of. There are pretty much infinate scenarios you can set up or generate and no 2 games play out quite the same.I will just state that this isn't usually my type of game at all but this one is something special, highly reommended."
,Recommended,294100,24474241,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,djstanley12,"what can i say other then wowthis game is truely unforgiving and shows that no matter how far you go everything can be gone in an instant!even though you might laugh at most of these reveiws and how crazy things fall apart its 100% truei spent roughly 6hrs on a colony from banging rocks to super computers and machine guns and kevlar vests,survived pirate raids, tribe raids, man eating elephants, fires and explosions, even my own pet turning savage and attacking my own people within the compundto have all 6 people (started with 3) die withing 2 min during a sudden heat wave of heat strokewill definetaly be playing this again to see if i can get to the plasma weapons and ship building!10/10 would arm myself with machine guns and hide in caves again"
76561197981069155,Recommended,294100,24477642,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mayhem,"So on my first try I am building up a settlement. Up to 6 people, got power started up, even a freezer for food. Thought I would send 3 hunters down to bag a deer or 2. Suddenly the herd goes nuts! ""manhunter"" deer rampage through my settlement killing everyone exept my Yorkie. Survived 2 pirate attacks and a mad timber wolf but brought down by angry herbivores. Will play FOREVER!"
76561198072913534,Recommended,294100,24474328,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Papa Bear,"This game is great im very glad I got it the day it came out, and to see the ammount of positive reveiws it got so quickly made me really happy. it's a fun and challenging game that is an absolute joy to play. it does need a good tutorial I will admit that but other than that its your classic reacently released early access game.-Good amount of content so far-Keeps you busy-You gotta have a little bit of strategy-And be semi anger proof beacuse the game gets a little hardAnd dont down rate this game becasue of its lack of content in ALPHA, And dont compare it to other games that have been around or available to the steam community longer. That just isnt fair"
,Recommended,294100,24480006,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SλNTλ,"Give it a try! It seemed pricey at first, but so far I've enjoyed it a lot.Rimworld has:Interesting characters and relationships.Good inventory and task system.Good (if ugly) interface and controls.Challenging or casual, you choose.The best I can say for it is that it keeps you interested...after quite a bit of time playing I feel like i'm still learning it and coming back for more. It needs some improvement in a couple of areas, mainly art, so I hope the dev keeps adding to it.Note: This game caught my eye because of its graphical similarity with Prison Architect (resemblance is uncanny), but luckily that's where it ends, Rimworld is a much, much better game."
,Recommended,294100,24481241,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Papa Sasquatch,"I was never into Dwarf Fortress, I loved reading articles about it but never could enjoy actually playing. This time its different, With RimWorld I actually enjoy playing, even losing doesn't feel bad because it tells a story. I wish I could have bought this straight from the devs before someone started scamming keys or w/e. Would post longer review but have to get back in the game."
76561198015936451,Recommended,294100,24550877,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Plebtonnia,"-Spent first few playthroughs ending via one colonist having mental breakdowns and going on a killing rampage.->figured out how to keep people at a reasonable level of happiness, this is good. Progress.-Next playthrough had a pack of wargs come and maul my mere 3 survivors. Stood little chance with my lack of defenses and guns.->Figured out that I would have more chance against raids and these attacks if I arranged walls better defensively and used better micro. This is good. Progress.-Following playthrough had better guns and defenses, but was hit with fire spread from both sides of my settlement while being raided.->Turns out I should have cut firebreak zones around my settlement. (Also dont build walls with wood!?)10/10 Would get rekt (and learn via mistakes) again."
,Recommended,294100,24551807,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Marnok,"Fun, Replayable, and still more stuff to come.from the hours i've pumped into this i think this ""management"" type of game is very fun.The replay value on this game is crazy good, you will never have 2 of the exact same advantures due to the random events.There are things i would personally would like to see changed but that personal opinions i might mod these things myself.Sadly.. the downside is the engine.i'm not sure if the engine isn't optimized but when i play these types of games i tend to go into the extreme.currently sitting on 500+ chickens 40+ arctic wolfs and some 10+ pigs.the game starts to stutters badly.at having i would assume about 100 pets? maybe 150? it will start.Overall my verdict 7/10Get this during summer/winter sale its well worth it."
76561198057542145,Recommended,294100,24575380,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,michele.andreoletti,"I' ve loved prison architect since first time I played it.... now I love Rimworld, it isn't just a videogame, it's art."
76561198058345604,Recommended,294100,24749546,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Big Bantha,Don't go opening the big rooms at the beginning. 'nuf said.
,Recommended,294100,24748618,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Doallyn,"New player to RIMWORLD, its got some problems that will hold it back from being a great title.1. Moods after an incident: If you survive a big incident that invovles a significant part of your colony then you are ♥♥♥♥ed. The mood penalty for people dying is irrelevant to the fact they need to actualty survive. Its pretty much like you lost your next door neighbour and despite the fact you are people down you will now burn the colony down like some sort of spoilt idiot2. Seige attacks: So they can plant a mortar outside of the mortar attack zone and still hit the middle of your base. Clearly a bug but i struggle to think what the point is of a siege attack in this game that can just hit the middle of your base when you have zero defensive options.3.  Research is limited. Guess this is a problem with a small dev team game, like prision architect, it just lacks depth to the whole research tree and expansion of the game. Once you've established a colony and researched the base options there really isn't anything better, no advances in gun turrents?? Its just limited in its thought process here.Overally its an alright game, but with a 100mb download you wonder what you are paying for here. It lacks the depth of a big title and the research limitations is annoying me for the money when you arent paying for big graphics then you want more from the game like sim city always delivered in lasting development.Its alright though and the replay factor is IMMENSE so its worth having in the library and gets a thumbs up for that, but i feel a steam sale  £10 is a more value for money price point."
76561198085657072,Recommended,294100,24751222,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sir Long Wank The Dank,I now know people can live with one lungthat and that the leg is apparently attached to the stomach.
76561198018723886,Recommended,294100,30255064,Posted: 28 February,all,iNick,"The video and images don't do the game justice.  If you want to see real samples of gameplay - watch a YouTuber.  I spent 2 weeks watching 2 YouTubers  before the week I decided I was going to buy the game.  The let's plays were much more informative, much more enlightening for the game and it's (bluntly said..) depth.  Every moving colonist, animal, mechanoid and even objects like fire and lightning add to a depth of the game that can not be described in words.  Start the game with 1 of 3 scenarios; add a random world generation, from snow to heat to forrests to mountainous terrain (and more probably); add 3 randomized colonists with traits and inabilities (No such thing as a perfect colonist); and one of 3 AI storytellers with each some 5 or so difficulty levels; and set permadeath if you want.  Phew, mouthful - but that's just setting up a save file.  Now you gotta make your colonists survive together, avoid exploding wildlife, take care of health concerns (including surgery), weddings, colonists hating each other, mental breakdowns, umm, this is an endless list.  Then the video on the store page describes raids, traders, orbiting space traders, and..  well, death.  Welcome to RimWorld!"
76561198053385915,Recommended,294100,24398552,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Carl,I've played Rimworld for over a year now. It's an brilliant game and it already gave tons o' Joy! :D
,Recommended,294100,24398709,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Beener Schnitzel,"Ive always liked Rimworld. The new updates make it better and better and dont take away from the previous experience. I have way more than 3.5 hours playing this game. I've played this game when it wasn't on steam.I like the sandbox feel to the game. Maps are relatively small though, and once you build up a massive base and get the basics down you might be dissapointed with the overall size of the map. You run out of mine-able materials quickly and you end up relying on orbital trade and traders to come by, which without a mod rarely happen anyways.This is an early access game. Its been in the works since the end of 2013. And it shows, but its also a VERY GOOD game. And I've wasted so many nights playing this game. Wasted in a good way.The random scenarios are funny sometimes. The AI is terrible. But when you get used to it its manageable. I would recommend the 30 dollar version only. The other versions seem to just be a waste of money (I have the pirate 200.00 version of alpha 13, the 30 dollar version is literally the same but you cant control the start up and how your characters look and what you start with, meaning no challenge really.)All in all, I would recommend this game 11/10another cool thing is the people developing this game ARE actively working on the game. and have been for years. They're doing a really good job and actually listen to people and address issues when they arise."
76561198164712740,Recommended,294100,30450948,Posted: 11 March,all,Kingjolo1,"11/10 -best game ever!So, Rimworld is a great game. One of the best out there in my opinion. Endless replayability (even more so with mods).Pros:-In depth medical system. (You can make people blind, deaf and have them walk on 2 peg legs, just for fun)-Realistic moods and needs. (Altough you need a mod to make them pee, like WTF?)-Awesome storytelling, after a while with your colonists you really start to get feelings for them)-An entire globe to travel on.-Amazingly funny moments.-Emotional moments. (For a 2D game)-Lots and lots of death.Cons:-Again, not toilets without mods :(((("
,Recommended,294100,32769278,Posted: 25 June,all,Samorodki,Awesome game! Mods help and expand this game alot.
76561197970806666,Recommended,294100,33421631,Posted: 9 July,all,Window Licker,good
,Recommended,294100,35175791,Posted: 24 September,all,nvmbskvll,"I've barely scratched the surface of this game and it's already given me hours of enjoyment. Has great depth and allows room for your own creativity. I love this game and its community! Hey, that rhymed :)"
