user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,294390,10106949,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Angel.9 Rakou Cobra,"""Escape the Lost Game: The Forgotten Ending""I find it really unfortunate I can't in good conscience recommend this game. Visually, it's quite a nice looking low res. casual game, it's fully voiced, and even has a decent adventure/hidden object mix. And it's about one of my favorite subjects, ancient Egypt, to boot.Why can't I recommend it then?Easy. The ending chapter isn't included. Apparently it was part of a Collector's Edition not available on Steam. Normally that's not much of a problem, but the store page here clearly shows content nowhere to be found in this game, and the main story introduced in the opening cutscene is hardly even referenced again, let alone fleshed out and wrapped up. At first I thought I somehow missed something despite all of the map's rooms stating they were cleared. The only way I was able to figure out where these missing scenes were was to search on Google, which I find very sloppy to have not been at least mentioned on the page. It doesn't help the non-CE ending is a sudden, out-of-nowhere black screen with a simple white lettered ""Game Over."" No credit roll. No feeling it actually ended and you hadn't somehow managed to screw up a hidden object game. Very disappointing, especially since the rest the of the game is pretty great for the genre, despite its short length (1.5 hours, not rushed, listening to all the dialogue and enjoying the scenes) and a few quirks.Pros:-Nice, but low resolution artwork-Pretty good atmosphere for a casual title-Fully voiced-Gameplay is a nice mix of adventure and hidden object, complete with standard hidden object search areas and a full inventory you carry room-to-room-Potentially had/has (perhaps in the Collector's Edition) an interesting brother versus brother story, quite fitting for an Egyptian setting considering the importance of Osiris and Set (two gods who were also feuding brothers) in their mythologyCons:-Not the Collector's Edition and is missing content displayed on the store page-An hour and a half long-The main and most intriguing story is ignored after the opening cutscene, with sparse and minimal exceptions in the form of other characters vaguely mentioning a second, forgotten pharaoh-Few quirks, particularly in dialogue, such as misaligned text and oddly shifting the spelling of the name of and gender of the catFor its current sale price of $1.25, sure, go for it. Full price? Probably not. You won't even realize you successfully completed the game and will be left wondering where some of the awesome looking store page scenes are.I honestly wish there was a neutral button on Steam, as I wouldn't necessarily say, ""Avoid this."" Rather, be aware of how oddly it ends before you get there, and be aware some particularly interesting bits (the video shows you playing Senet, for example) are not included in this edition.Still, solid 3/5 for gameplay and the partial story it includes, plus the intelligent, interesting use of objects in scenes (and finding objects you'll actually need) and inclusion of some real ancient Egyptian mythology. It would've been an easy 4/5 (for the genre) if the non-CE ending wasn't so abrupt, and the store page only showed content actually in the game."
,Recommended,294390,24103609,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"I don't know why I often associated this game with another series but deep down, I knew it wasn't related. It was also time for me to play it and to stop letting it rot my backlog.Henry and Laura, with their two children Emily and Francis, are visiting their aunt Amy in Egypt. However, when Jynxie the cat escaped, the family finds itself trapped into a lost tomb, separated from each other and forced to find a way to reunite and bring together their findings to escape a deadly trap set by a Pharaoh that killed his own brother and cursed his memory.Escape The Lost Kingdom: The Forgotten Pharaoh is a casual adventure game, with hidden objects scenes and puzzles. Each member of the family has a special item: Francis has googles with glyph visions, showing him areas of interests, Emily has the Time Amulet, showing her the previous state of a room, Laura is holding the key to many enigmas thanks to Amy's diary and Henry is carrying with him tools (hammer, shower and crowbar). Each chapter is seen through Francis, Emily and the parents first, before the kids finding themselves and exploring their areas. In the end, the family is reunited for the final push: they're each carrying items needed (staff, torn painting, etc..).Indeed, some parts of the game can't be access unless you have Francis's Googles for example. Besides, each member is carrying items found in their part that will be useful at the end, when the inventories will fuse together. The puzzles are relatively easy, though you may need Amy's diary to find out clues. I had to resort to a walkthrough twice because I couldn't see what to do. And it wasn't because I didn't read Amy's diary. It was mainly because I couldn't understand well the meaning of the enigma.Escape the Lost Kingdom is clearly set in an early era of the genre, though it was transitioning, as it's not hidden objects scenes set as main gameplay. But when you clear a location, it's shown. The map is also an indication of that and isn't interactive at all.However, while the story is only about escaping and not about the Forgotten Pharaoh (everything is explained in the beginning  in other words and while you're expecting the main story to come back to that, apart one or two mentions by Emily, the Pharaoh is really forgotten), I would have expected a longer game. Even if you can choose who you'll play first when the whole family is splitted up (Emily, Henry and Laura, Francis), after that, the game is taking back the control: the kids will have to go through more trials than the parents as they found quickly the reunion point.Besides, it's not the graphics that will reconcile people with hidden objects games as they're kinda giving the feel of being outdated. While I appreciated the drawned cutscenes, Francis seemed really an angry child and Henry very serious, where the girls are smiling. And given the scenario, it's sad that you don't have any change in their expression. I would have appreciated Emily's rolling her eyes when saying that she's a big girl now.The soundtrack is nice, like the voice actings. That's why it's just sad that the emotions aren't matching.The feature that showed me how old the game is (and it's not even so old) is the mention of 3D glasses use. You can play the game with it. As I don't know where my old glasses are (from the middle of the '90, mind you), I couldn't try it.Anyway, should I recommend it? Yeah, even if I feel like the game is missing something: too short, not many use of the tools typical to each character, no real freedom of choice despite the beginning, what about the Forgotten Pharaoh and outdated graphics. But it's still an enjoyable moment to pass.However, buy it during a sale or in a bundle. Five bucks for it seems too much for the content."
,Recommended,294390,17280917,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 71%Escape the Last Kingdom shows great potential for an exciting story within a low-resolution hidden object title, but the game ends before it could even start.Long version:Escape the Lost Kingdom: The Forgotten Pharaoh may have been released in 2014, but the game just screams 2001, the year the movie ‘Mummy Returns’ was released. Not only the low-resolution graphics and the simple hidden object mechanics feel old, but the whole plot is a barely concealed rip-off of said movie’s starting scene, where an Egyptologist adventurer family tries to excavate an ancient dig site. The only difference is that there are two kids and more gadgets to imitate additional game features.As far as rip-offs go, it is one of the better ones. Thanks to the good pace and the surprisingly enthusiastic voice acting, you really feel like playing an immersive adventure as you slowly discover every chamber inside the pyramid. Well, for a short time at least, since the whole game lasts maybe an hour before it ends without ever explaining what did the whole thing have to do with the great story shown in the intro…"
,Not Recommended,294390,10360925,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Momentai,"Woah, it seemed epic and amazing with a lot of adventure game items... but that was... too damn short. Really? 89 minutes gameplay? Quite simple, the story is... what the actual heck? We've got a promising intro, but there will be NOTHING about it in the game, the only task is to escape the tomb. Disappointed. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,294390,22605106,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,osirish,"Another game I desperately wanted to like. It's enjoyable with plenty of voice acting that is good for the most part. The puzzles and hidden objects scenes aren't high res but are challenging and interesting. The game mechanics where each character has a job to do .... journal for Mom, tools for Dad, a magical item that sees the past for the daughter, and special googles that allow the son to see otherwise invisible interactive areas, make the game a little more unique for the genre. The story splits and has different chapters for each character as well, which makes it unusual.Now the bad.It's only about 90 minutes long. The introduction cut-scene that introduces the game, has almost nothing to do with it's content. The low res graphics, that are passable, made me think I was playing a game over 10 years old, but I was shocked to find out it was released in 2014. The version of the game on Steam is missing the entire final chapter, which explains why it feels unfinished. The ending is abrupt, with no pay-off ... it just fades to black with ""game over"" just as things were starting to get interesting!The game isn't expensive and it's not a bad game, but even cheap, I can't in good conscience recommend an unfinished product that is only just over an hour long (if you are experienced with the genre.)"
,Not Recommended,294390,15899568,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"Well, this game isn't terrible. It is on the lower side of average overall. The puzzles and HO scenes are fairly decent, though easy, the voice acting isn't terrible and the extra elements of using magic items and tools is a nice touch.It's way too short however. Which might have been fine if the story was completed by the time the game was over, but no. It starts out with a cutscene showing an epic battle between two ancient pharaohs and speaks about how the murdered one waits in his tomb for the right people. The game itself is about a family of four who gets lost in the temple raised for this pharaoh and about how they escape. That's it. No continuation of the starting cutscene, only a 'Game Over' slide (""huh? really, did I just lose the game?"") that feels like a 'To Be Continued' that just never continues. There is no sequel.You play a family who gets separated in an ancient temple and have to find a way to get back together and out of the temple.For some strange reason this game has scenes that can be used with redblue 3d glasses for 3d effect. I did not try this, and I really don't see the point.There is a lot of backtracking and iirc no map that you can use for teleporting. Be aware that quite a few of the puzzles in the video on steam is not in the game, but most probably in the collectors edition that has more playtime which is not available on steam.I also felt the game was sexist with giving the dad all the useful tools and the mum a book that's mostly useless and tells about stuff you've already done."
,Not Recommended,294390,17216034,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,mitkitty,"Okay so I used to play these sorts of games a lot since my mom was into them and I didn't have many other puzzle games, so I bought this one for a nostalgia kick...but this game.I started off annoyed with the little boy, frustrated at how godawful their version of history was, weirded out by the creepy art, and mostly bored with the puzzles.None of the seek and finds are very challenging, neither are any of the 'puzzles' and I was pretty much bored all the time but I was a bit curious about the plot with the daughter.So I get to the end, I get all the items and clear everything out, I get this item called the 'Staff of Time,' and I thought it was important, but I finished the final 'puzzle' and I got a limp cutscene and a black screen with 'Game Over' on it.I never used the staff, so I figured that hey, maybe I got an alternate ending. Since my safe starts me at the final cutscene I have to make a new file and play through all over again. Again, not HARD, but annoying. But I get to the end and go through all the rooms trying to find the thing to use the Staff of Time on, but I found nothing, so I decided to look up (I use guides sometimes, I don't feel ashamed about it) and I find this whole list of rooms that weren't on the in-game map. I try to get there in the game itself but I couldn't get in there. Also, there's no alternate ending, there's no closure to the whole plotline with the daughter, it just STOPS.I may have only spent a few dollars on this game but I feel ripped off. It's unimaginative, boring, annoying, it wasted my time and money, it sucks.Screw this game."
,Recommended,294390,10228785,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,🍒 Lilly (🌸◠‿◠),"Short (around 2h), but very cute game and very enjoyable for people that are fans of both Egyptian culture and indie games. The graphics and the story are nice and the scenes have subtitled dialogues. The game has rather simple puzzles and the few hidden object scenes support 3D vision which adds a nice feature to it. I recommend this game for those that enjoy hidden object games and a feeling of Indiana Jones adventure.More reviews on theLilly's Corner Curator page"
76561198060686749,Not Recommended,294390,30904133,Posted: 2 April,all,Rejutka Lupex,"I didn't really give this game much chance, I admit. So take what I say with a huge grain of salt and maybe try it for yourself, if you get it cheap enough. (I.e. somewhere around 1-2 bucks.)The graphics could be nice, but the resolution is too low, and I think it doesn't scale correctly for my monitor. So you might want to play in Window mode.The idea of red/green glasses for 3D is nice, and as far as I can tell, they always ask you if you want to enable the 3D effect beforehand, so that's a plus.It's not much to see, though, but that is more of an inherent problem with anaglyph 3D (and partially my eyes I think).Interestingly, the depicted glasses apparently have the colors switched from what they write and use. Minor issue, but weird.More troubling is the story itself, which at least at the very beginning isn't all that great. Who would complain ""All this over a cat"" when they're just about to enter a secret tunnel in an egyptian monument? Why not express wonder or at least fear?Why does one of the characters apparently have glasses that can reveal hidden messages from the pharaos? Another gets an artifact that shows past times and doesn't express more than merely ""wow, this is cool, too bad my cat can't see this"" instead of at least telling the rest of the family about it, if only to shut down the obnoxious sibling bickering.What had me stop, however, was that the SKIP button didn't work when I decided I wasn't going to follow the story and try to skip the rather boring cutscene.That was, to use a fitting euphemism, the straw that broke the camels back.With better graphics, and a few tweaks to the story it could be nice, I guess. Maybe a newer game engine could resample the textures?"
,Not Recommended,294390,16097479,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,BlueSteelAUS,They could have at least given us the extended collectors edition. with the strat guide and the extra rooms :(Apart from that it was ok. but for the money not worth it (unless they decide to give us the extras for free
76561198095247113,Not Recommended,294390,17215366,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Cereus,"I love hidden object games and was happy to find one with an Egyptian theme, but this game really is remarkably bad.  I got halfway through the chapters in less than an hour and couldn't convince myself to play it any longer.  The story isn't compelling, the dialog is trite, and the hidden object scenes are all neutral-colored pixellated junkpiles.  It's a neat idea to play through the story as different family members, but clearer graphics and a more logical story direction would have made a world of difference."
76561198121529439,Not Recommended,294390,17000067,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,krijgsvrouwe,"This game.. i really like hidden object mystery games if i just want to relax and play something that is stil a bit interesting but not to challenging or complicated. but i cannot reccomend this one.+ voices are ok for this genre+artwork is ok+you can interact with many objects-the story is random, with an abrupt ending-really short-they don't need to be historically correct but they really seem to try to be as wrong as possible about egypt-random in game goggles(yea brother you should look through your glasses they are for finding sectret farao stuff) how? why? where did he get them and how do they know what its for?-translation errors-you cansupposedly do things with 3d glasses, but i didnt even liked to try this-way to easy"
,Not Recommended,294390,23025122,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,CthulhuRises,"By far, the absolute worst hidden object game I've ever played. Grainy graphics, terrible voice acting, boring story, pointless puzzles, and medicore gameplay all contribute to making this game a true waste of time."
,Recommended,294390,15783950,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,󠀡𝒮𝓉𝓇𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒,Fun short game with surprisingly well done voice acting.
76561198018378749,Not Recommended,294390,10017567,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Steffianozich,"Wow what a short game.Some of the puzzles  were good,but not worth the money.dissapointing"
,Recommended,294390,12861358,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RinaLavada,"This was super quick and very easy. The store is kinda....weak and the puzzles are simple but it was interesting. I wish it was at least three times longer and bit harder because the variety in the puzzles was really interesting. Still, if you want a quick rainy afternoon game, this is for you. Get it during a sale though."
,Recommended,294390,16090054,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"This is a recommendation only because there is no ""meh"" button.I enjoyed the puzzles and HO scenes very much.  The music and voice acting was decent.However, there are two distinct strikes against this game.  The first is that it is EXTREMELY short even by HO standards; I clocked in at barely above an hour.  At the time of review, I have 1.4 hours on record and probably a full third of that time was actually me fighting with my display (note that if you have a 4k monitor, you may need to disable display scaling in order to have fullscreen cover the whole screen).The other issue is that the plot falls flat on its face, with an abrupt ending that leaves the game wide open for sequels that I don't believe ever were made.  So essentially it was dissatisfying to finish and not feel like you're actually finished.  That said, the plot was formulaic enough that you can essentially fill in the blanks in your head and call it good.So that said, it's barely squeaking by with a recommendation based solely on my enjoyment of the individual puzzles and not on the overall plot or playtime.  It is NOT worth full price with the short length of the game (barely a third of the length of other standard HO games).  But if you can get it on sale and don't mind a cliffhanger that will never be resolved, pick it up for a short, casual experience."
76561198074722431,Recommended,294390,19779921,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Shyntylene,"This game was fun, kids were a little annoying and it was short, but I really enjoyed it all the same."
76561197979609703,Recommended,294390,19552978,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,chrissszy,"It was short and cheap, which I liked.  Mediocre but satisfying."
76561197980136925,Recommended,294390,17265820,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,gemiroo,"Fun Game, but not worth full price...get it ON SALE!!!  way too short and way too easy"
,Recommended,294390,15013742,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,FireLily,"Fun to play, and interesting, but not long enough. I would have liked more playing time."
,Recommended,294390,15478234,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fort Goth,Good game but wouldn't pay more than £1 for it.
,Recommended,294390,15766701,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Igor the Viking,"Point and click games areamong my favorite game genres, and this one was a good surprise. Don't expect something long or complex and you will be fine. This is a very casual game. Now, the pros & cons of this game:PROS:Smooth GameplayLots of objects to find and collectThe game tells you when a room is ""clear"" so you don't have to go back like crazy trying to figure out where you missed somethingNice aspect of dividing the 4 characters in the story, and playing from different perspectives with them (they also have different skills)Nice artworkGood voice actingWell done in the details, such as not being able to come back to a spot that no longer contains items, closing screens automatically when you find all the items on them, help system in case you get stuck, etc.CONS:Image is not very sharp in fullscreen. It's not bad, it just could be better.There's a Game Over message when you win. Game Design lesson 1: Just... don't do that. ever.Steam screenshot does not work in this gameMap doesn't help much - sometimes I go to my left and the map show that I went to my right. And the map treats multiple rooms / locations as one, so I go to another room but stay in the same room on the map. Horrible to find my way around.Having only one illustration per character makes them always appear neutral / smiling / calm in the cutscenes, even if the voice acting shows otherwise.The ending felt kinda rushed to me, specially because after it you just go back to the menu, there's no status or completion screen showing your time or other things... The game was nice but the ending felt like one of those free, flash -based games.If you skip the last cutscene, the Game Over message appears immediately, way before the cutscene fades, making it look like something went horribly wrong. Yes, I am mentioning the Game Over screen once again. It really pisses me off.There are at least 3 puzzles shown in the store page video that I didn't see in the actual gameplay, and I think I didn't miss anything because there's nothing skippable in the game, it seems.Conclusion:This game provides a good single casual run, with elements that made it above average in several gameplay aspects, even though there are many things that could be improved. If you can get this like I did, 75% off, do it."
,Not Recommended,294390,17448353,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,radicalcio,"-90 mins to complete the game-Easy puzzles-Low graphics-Random things happen the whole timeDefinitely not one of my favourites adventures. Not even close. However, it is playable."
,Recommended,294390,16365946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,iSymphony,not bad
,Recommended,294390,15696608,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Orifiael,"Had a great time, thanks!"
76561198257572602,Not Recommended,294390,22609563,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bobkat8001,didn't care for the game.
76561198120721869,Not Recommended,294390,18177510,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,QuivaGBS,"It's cute, I'll give you that.  And easy.  But that's kind of the problem.  Start to finish (without breaks for a sandwich) it probably took me less than an hour.  The plot was nonexistant as well.  Lots of POTENTIAL for cool stuff, but it didn't actually go into ANY of it.  Seems like it should have had a pre-quel AND a sequel.   It's nice game but, even for the sale price of $1.24, I expected more."
76561198127177814,Not Recommended,294390,19298376,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BobinFobin,"Too easy to beat, took me less than 2 hours.  I thougt is was going to have to deal with a mummy, like some curse thing but its just a simple escape game.  Not recommened even if on sale."
