user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,294590,17968788,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Vol'pe,"Very old but catchy and interesting game. For the first time, I've played this game when I was a child, and it gave to me tons of hours of fun. Now I can remind to myself of these epic and positive moments.What's the game like?I can compare it with Dynasty Warriors with an actual story set in medieval times, with an inventory system and RTS elements. In simple words, it's like an RPG (but more or less linear) where you can select the character (not only Joan of Arc is available). The game has eight stages, and each stage has it's own huge battleground – an entire map where you can feel yourself free to explore every corner. It’ll take about 2-3 hours to finish it. There are even some sub-quests you can get from civilians. However, the main feature of the game is fighting and castle sieges. Command all your troops via RTS mode to besiege the castle or stronghold and switch your control to Joan of Arc to fight personally. Tons of enemies will try to separate your body from your head. You can lead your battle however you want: upgrade your main characters stats and lead an entire army to victory or fight alone 1vsDozens of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.On the other hand, the game will not impress you with its graphics but the story is still pretty nice and the soundtrack is great, and perfectly fits with the mood of the game. The sounds characters make, and the sounds of battle – everything is perfect.It probably isn’t for everyone, but definitely one to give a go. I can recommend this.Beautiful ending that the great hero of France actually deserves."
,Recommended,294590,17877512,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,XarcScarlet,"I remember playing this game back in around 2007 or so, this game is very fun. If memories serve me correctly, mission 4 or misssion 5 is where the real fun begins, depends on your own opinions. Oh i recommend playing on the hardest difficulty, its VERY FUN that way. Completing Jeanne's St. Catherine de Fierbois with all 5 crosses is a nice way to kill englishmen.The cons of the game is that when you have all your Characters recruited full of units, or whenever you have alot of units under your command and following you whether in RTS mode of the standard third person, some units tends to get stuck around the environment and it gets annoying time to time. Not sure if steam version is any different tho.A classic that should not be missed."
76561198025893382,Recommended,294590,19175130,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Xe'Cara'eos,"So, I first saw this game as a demo back when XP was the latest and greatest.....It just as brilliant then as now.Yes, the levelling system is grindy, and people get stuck on scenery from time to time, and just DON'T get on a horse (the controls are god-awful), but the game is FUN! Kill hundreds of englishmen (for once they're the bad guys!) and somehow it doesn't get old......I've completed this game on easy, and the storyline is pretty good, with some optional side quests that generally give you a worth-while reward. The cut scenes use the same engine as the game (except the ending) and the dialogue is pretty good, even if bordering on the cheesy (and for those OCD out there the text doesn't match the speech). Also - the soundtrack, whilst it can eventually get a bit irritating, as it tells you there's an enemy just out of sight.... the soundtrack is magnificent.I've had no issues with the game on Win7, so I can only presume those who are having issues are on other OS's.....If you've played the demo before and liked it or you think you'll like it - buy it! If you don't think you will, buy it when it comes on sale, and you might just be a convert..."
,Not Recommended,294590,35220138,Posted: 26 September,all,Burn,"A failed attempt to cross genres. It combines elements of three genres - action, RTS and RPG, which are not very well blended. It's just too much repetition, too many problems, not enough fun. All-in-all there's enough action and a few cool RPG elements, but there isn't any engaging or innovative gameplay. Feels like this game wasn't finished before release.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1123835641http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=955302041"
,Recommended,294590,17891924,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Deicide,"As a fan of a medieval games I should love this game,but something about really annoys me makes crazy.Combat is alright but sometimes you have fight off dozens of enemies on your own (our own guy is few and weak).Archers is a HUGE pain in my♥♥♥♥♥to interrupt my attack while I'm surrouneded,shoot and run.Watch out that the checkpoint is reached by missions,some missions are long and easy to fail,save your game from time to time is highly recommeneded. It took me 1 hour trying to pass mission 2.By the way i can't run it fullscreen on win 10."
76561198037427689,Recommended,294590,21370880,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,RobotDeathParty,"I'd like to point out that I'm recommending this game on a whim. It was overall a fun experience but only when you hit the last half of the game. This game is VERY buggy, has HORRIBLE AI and has overall bad balancing with enemies, specifically generals and archers/crossbowmen. I tend to write long reviews but, well, that's how it is. It's my personal experiences typed out for you to consider.First off, the story. It's quaint. It's basically the whole Joan of Arc story, but it ends with a happy-note.Joan of Arc not dying and leaving to return to her home town and reunite with her friends and family instead of, y'know, being executed by the English.It's 8 chapters/missions, the first two being short and the rest being 1-2 hours, at least. The story is well done and the ending is very satisfying. Definitely gives Joan of Arc the ending she deserved and it definitely makes Joan of Arc awesome, gameplay-wise. Probably one of the strongest generals in the game, other than Metz. More on that later.Secondly, the music. The music in this game amazing. It has atmospheric sounds (e.g. dirt crunching beneeath feet, sound of metal armour hitting ground when moving, bird chirping, shouting and cheering sounds when fighting, etc.)that go very well with the game. The actual music itself has two side. The first side being the atmospheric-y non-combat music like this one, my personal favouritehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96AFp2Z7SUE&index=5&list=PL6FC7ED1C9B1507AEThen there's the combat music like this, which is my personal favourite :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZK2AUSdhlY&list=PL6FC7ED1C9B1507AE&index=2If you listen to the combat music, at around 0:25 ish is when it really hits it hard. It just has a great feel to it for what the game's theme and atmosphere is. It's especially amazing when fighting the enemy generals. Overall, the music is satisfying if you like music that really goes for the home-run and fits into where it's placed.Enough drooling over the music. Here we go. The graphics. The inevitable paragraph. The graphics are actually pretty amazing for its time (2004) and at the same time they aren't particularly anything to freak out over. The graphics fit the game and it doesn't hurt my eyes. Good enough for me.Of course! An inventory system! You basically have 5 types of items : Weapons(main weapon for the hero's preference, e.g. maces for La Hire or polearms for Duke), armour(both aesthetic and pretty useful for damage reduction late-game), food(basically potions for health / energy), misc. items ( keys for chests and doors, letters for mostly story but also a few sub-missions), and ammo(for the crossbow/bow). Weapons consists of Base Damage + X% and bonuses for each attack such as +40% Down Attack, for killing downed enemies. The ranged weaponry is literally there for being the ranged weaponry and should only be used for taking out distance ranged enemies. Other than that, the inventory system is pretty simplistic.Finally, the gameplay! This is where the game shines but also falls quite a bit. This is also where the wall of text is introduced. First off, I'm not exactly a ""pro gamer"" type of person but I'm also not horrible. I'm mediocre. The gameplay in this game is similar to dynasty warriors. It's a slash-a-sword-through-a-group-of-enemies-with-combos game. You can do both a normal attack and a power attack. The power attack uses up, well, energy and is significantly more powerful than your normal attacks, regardless of what bonuses you get. You have combos as well but for the most part they're there for the sake of being there. See, you can upgrade each individual attack/combo. The max level of an attack is level 10. Upgrading combos changes the damage by a minimal amount, so the best you can do is upgrade two attacks that are by far the most important ones. The first is the rush attack, which is THE quintessential forward dash. It also makes you invulnerable while perform it and costs very low energy (1 EP with a specific ring). The second attack is the ""energy attack"" which is basically an ultimate. It costs both HP and EP but is a ridiculously good crowd-control ability, mostly because it makes you invulnerable for the duration of the attack, knocks down everyone, and you move while performing it. Simple. Upgrade those and you'll do well... Against the normal enemies. Here's where the biggest issue of the combat comes into play : Ranged and Generals. Now, the ranged aren't *that* bad but the issue with them is that they constantly move around, shoot at a moderately fast rate (even the crossbowmen) and they generally don't die in one hit, being as durable as light infantry units. They can also make you stop in your tracks with one hit and any subsequent attacks knock you down. So, yeah, they're annoying. Cool. What about the generals? Simple! They're invulnerable when using their power attacks(which they can do an infinite number of times and in repetition one after the other), they deal a ton of damage(1-hit killed one of my generals with 108 HP SEVERAL TIMES, and the hit didn't even connect) and you can only really get hits in when you down them with a rush attack or sneaking hits in *immedietally* after they finish their power attacks. The good thing about all of this is that blocking can, well, block anything. You can defeat any of the generals 1-on-1 if you block-and-hit. That being said, it's horrible unbalanced and can make for a bad time if you don't know that. Yeah, that's it. Unbalanced generals and annoying ranged units.A second finally, I'll talk about the siege and RTS aspects of the game. RTS is, well, RTS. I don't know how to explain this but somehow RTS makes the game easier. I don't know if it's because the AI goes ham on the combos and attacks and just bruteforces the combat but it makes it easier and it's one reason why the final mission is ridiculously easy, considering it's required that you use it to move some units. The siege mechanics in this game requires you to use RTS to move the units onto a siege weapon and then to move the actual siege weapon. Cannons can attack both units and buildings but the other siege weapons can only attack the buildings. You can either capture your own siege weapons from the English or you can build them at resource spots, which only the Duke can do. You're not even required to use the siege weaponry since you can buy explosive ammo which can take down gates, and generals are pretty good on their own. You can effectively solo any siege if you have the food and ammo for it.Final finally, I promised to talk about the generals you can play as, so here we go. Joan of Arc is your all-around general at first-glance but she tends to have the most powerful attacks and her ultimate weapon has 5 socketable items that buff it up pretty nicely. She's definitely the spotlight. There's Jean Metz, who is basically Luke Skywalker with his attack speed, movement speed, and capability for high ranged damage(he starts off with decent dexterity). His power attacks are also VERY quick. There's the Duke, a halberd-wielding general that is required to make siege weapons and has a more AoE set of attacks. There's La Hire who takes the role of ""lovable human boulder"". His attacks are more AoE, especially his ultimate attack. His power attacks are in a circular formation. There's two unplayable characters : ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Orleans and Prince Charles. They are playable in RTS mode but that's not so much ""playable"" as it is moving them around. So, who do I suggest for the ""most powerful""? Metz. He's ridiculously OP with his attack speed and movement speed.Inevitably I missed a few things but they would be very small things and not worth mentioning. Overall, the game was pretty decent but there were a few issues with it, like bad AI and invincible generals. If you can get past the small issues that litter this game, it's a pretty good Joan-Of-Kick♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,294590,21114286,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Catsman_AT,"When to by this game? Think of it as medieval total war as a combined RPG/RTS that you can switch to on the fly. And if you've seen the well-rated movie 'the messenger' with Milla Jovovich (thats right, the resident evil chick) as Joan of Arc, you will definitely encounter many similarities and even in-game scenarios that happened in the movie too.On normal mode, the game is very easy to play. It's a typical old-school hack-n-slash revolving around using your left and right mouse buttons for combo's, and Q for blocking. Jumping and pressing C can be used for other powerful attacks. What makes the game enjoyable is the historically correct story (to my knowledge). Downside is the not optimally working collisions at times or some NPC's getting stuck (or even yourself, because NPC blocks path).The castles and encampments in this game look great and you can decide to destroy them in RTS mode. The walls, towers and gates can actually break and be destroyed. Or you can decide to take it up close and personal and breach our way in and kill all the soldiers inside.There's a few classes of troops to choose from from light infantry and crossbowmen to polemen and macemen. you can assign all of those to your controllable commanders (the main characters, same as historic equivalents) or to the occasionally appearing less significant NPC commanders which look the same as regular units except they're donning goldplated armour.  The configurations stays both in RTS as in RPG mode.In the first few missions the RTS element isn't introduced yet which doesn't really matter as you will not have a lot of units under your command thus playing in RPG mode makes sense. Later on in the game, you'll be able to build more troops, buy more armor, weapons and food and even build siege weapons.Despite all the positive goodness, here a list of things that may downgrade the gaming experience:- the poor collision registrations when striking enemies who are down. Instead, just use a power attack, you'll hit anyone down and standing. problem solved!- getting stuck. it's annoying when your fellow soldiers get stuck especially if thereby they block your path. the only place it happens a lot is at Tourelles. if you go up into that fortress to destro the arbalests, make sure you have not too many units following you. or it will be impossible to go back via the narrow stairs and you can't jump off the wall.- food shortage. There is only so much food in the game. You have a special inventory for yourself and the main characters, and a separate inventory for troops following those characters. with 15 troops under your commmand, it's doable. If you've got like 50 of them and they're under fire from siege weapons and arrows, food disappears within a minute. The only ways of getting more food is slaying enemies, slashing crates or buying from the food store, and the food store's food is NOT infinite. ...- The drag and drop interface. you can only move 1 item at a time. This becomes very problematic if youre in the heat of a battle and have to pause the game, to remove food items one by one to your troops inventory, to keep them alive -.-. Takes away from the gaming experience.But yet, a game truly unique in its design with a nice story (you might learn something.) and oh yeah, checkout that movie joan of arc: the messenger with milla jovovich, you will recognize a LOT from that movie in this game."
,Recommended,294590,21206504,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Junko Enoshima,This is a very cool game but it is also old which means that you can expect having some problems in the game. The problems that i had were mission 4 my troops blocking my way out of the castle on the stairs which was very annoying but overal this is very good game and i recomend playing it.
,Recommended,294590,30971338,Posted: 5 April,all,Emoboy2008,Brings back my childhood. The soundtrack still gives me chills. Strangely this game feels kinda missed and underrated. And it freezes from time to time [maybe it'it's because I've got Win8.1]AlsoI've got the game with a discount
76561198181580675,Recommended,294590,19913343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,yega la cabaieria xdXdXdD,"I remember when I first played this when I was very very little, and how I loved this game, sadly I could not play it anymore cause, after hours of playing, the disc didn't work properly. *insert sad face*I want to thank Lord Gaben for putting this game on Steam. Maybe people who hasn't played it before won't like it, but if you've played it before, you will feel nostalgia in da bottom of ur heart m8.Now that I've grown up, I can see that the game is really shabby :'D (bad quality audio conversations, one only resolution, IA a little bit dumb, the fun fact that Joan has a squirrell as hair and can jump like 3 meters with a full iron armor, etcaetera) but playing it with the hardest difficulty (with some gangsta music on the background while kicking some english butts) can be really really fun."
76561198140713399,Recommended,294590,29219002,Posted: 12 January,all,Nightingale,"I played this back in 2004 but never got to finish it. I finally did some hours ago and I must say that other than the bugs (people gets stuck around: soldiers mostly when using a cannon) and a little cranky gameplay controls -don't ever EVER use a horse- it's still very enjoyable thanks to the beautiful background music. The graphics may not appear amazing but, for the time this was released, they were pretty good!The story is based upon the character of Joan of Arc and other great warriors who helped her in battle.*SPOILER*But here she gets a definitely happier ending than the one she unfortunately got and that this great heroine of France actually would have deserved.*END OF SPOILER*This game probably isn't for everyone but I still wanna recommend you to try it."
76561197990406921,Recommended,294590,30914027,Posted: 2 April,all,MMG Man,This game was pretty fun bet mediocre and repetative at times.  Hard to recommend or not since there is no middle ground option.
,Recommended,294590,28508201,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FuNkY CaPrIcOrN,This game is the reason I joined Steam. One of the best games ever. :)
,Recommended,294590,24369464,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,bagietka,"To be honest I finished that game many times. History of Joan is quite vital that's why I really like it.U can play as four champions :1. Joan of Arc2. Jean de Metz ( favourite)3. La Hire4. Duke AlenconThe plot is fine but not like was really.I highly recommend that game , before buying u should read sth about Joan:)"
76561198011814232,Recommended,294590,20197711,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Khandov Arbalest,"It's old, its graphics looked meh even in 2004, the AI is silly.Yet this morph of a slasher and tactical game, actually brings fun, both back when I played it as a kid and today. Even if it's just for exploiting a scripted AI that lines enemy forces right before you to mow down, without them being able to do a thing.It's a flawed, yet fun title, that costed less than doner kebab in Amsterdam, when was on sale. It's good to buy, if you do not mind outdated graphics, while it's on sale."
76561198049409193,Recommended,294590,19166532,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,☆,nice Game
76561198070027365,Recommended,294590,23123207,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mephisto,"This game is just an classic.I've played it when I were young and found it again now.The graphics are not the best as you can imagine and the archers sometimes shoot somewhere, for no reason or just in the wrong direction. And sometimes your troops don't follow you, just run wildly up and down, but at all is a good solid game in which you can massive battles with hundreds of units and you are in the center of the battle."
76561198113951848,Recommended,294590,26414879,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,☜†☞ Chupacabra,"Good and nice game, i played when i was a child, now i played again.Thank YOU!"
,Recommended,294590,23138067,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Denocan,I am glad that steam brought this game. I used to play when I was a child.
76561198146025761,Recommended,294590,25586951,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ladywonderer.cl,"why i recommend it :1- It's a very nice game for its price!2- it is far from being short. i have played 10  hours on it and i have just finished chapter 5!3- it's the only game about joan of arc i have found4- you create your own army!5- you can play as multiple characters6- the graphics are decent7- you can ride immortal horsescons1- the combacts against the ""bosses"" are absurd , i mean they're men like others why are they so much strong? it kills a bit the atmosphere2- i wish i could interect more with the citizens , i wish it was a bit like the witcher3- i wish controlling the armies was a bit easier4- you often end up stuck when you use the horses, they're still worth of using though because they protect the characters from enemies attacks , until a certain point (you fell from the animal)5- fighting while on the horse is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥6- i wish it required a little more reasoning."
,Recommended,294590,32015281,Posted: 28 May,all,Jambatti,"Great game for its time. Awesome story, music, innovative for its time combat system.Now its a bit too old, but still worth a try, if you are into this specific place & time in history."
,Recommended,294590,25068391,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,👒👠 Miss Cake 👜💄,"French all-time popular dating sim is back! Old graphics? Familar stories? What's the matter? It is a dating sim after all.Too bad Joan of Arc's boyfriend Controller isn't there. How come? It's problematic when come to bed scene, you know...Scarlet's Score: N/A (Haven't reached climax, working in progress)"
,Not Recommended,294590,26015571,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Vaughan,-Maybe a good game ten years ago: Not today.-The beginning is too repetetive.
76561198019227338,Not Recommended,294590,21036042,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Alice Dippleblack,"First review ever, have to warn, even at such a low price this is a laughably bad game.Pros:  The music and voice acting are at least average for the dated titleCons: Glitches ruined the entire experience from level 1.  Basic controls are ugly. Your sword often swings straight through common enemies to no effect.  The auto targeting gets me confused as it makes 180s to target enemies you aren't even engaging.  Enemy commanders go invincible whenever they attack, maybe suppose to make them harder or just waist more time dealing with them.  Attacking downed enemies only seems to work by luck as downed enemies tend to teleport to safety because of poor collisions.  Don't even try to ride a horse, you'll end up inside it surrounded by enemies you can't fight.If you feel like getting frustrated, give it a go, but I would recommend just playing a Dynasty Warriors title."
76561197992065396,Not Recommended,294590,22076624,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"MokMok, Lord of the Wogo","This game is so broken it is not even worth playing...Do not buy! The RTS mode is very bad, and you get one shot all the time by other heroes...its not even worth trying...waste of money"
,Recommended,294590,22350303,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kaoticlavad,"This brings back old memories. Playing it years ago. It is the best game ever played back in the day. The graphics a not very good, but expected. Compared to other games, this is decent. But still best game ever. (In my opinion) The gameplay is good. Ya. :D"
,Recommended,294590,22696556,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ema5181,"Sooo incredibly historically innacurate but it's fun to play nonetheless. I remember buying this when it first came out on a disk years ago, it started my obsession with St. Joan.I do like how they try to keep her visions out of this, since in some areas that is a controversial topic. Great gameplay overall, would reccommend if historical innacuracy doesn't bother you too much."
76561198025448035,Recommended,294590,28084931,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rebel_muldoon,"Awesome game if you just want to shut your brain off and have a great time. The voice acting and graphics aren't great, the command system is a little tricky, and the market system can be a pain in the... Pocketbook...But, to be honest, I didn't stop playing this game until I had to, and then I got right back on until I beat it... I haven't replayed it yet, but I probably will. Al things considered it was a heck of a lot of fun for the price..."
,Recommended,294590,29879368,Posted: 12 February,all,𝘝𝘌𝘚.✨,"I remember playing the demo for this game over ten years ago so it was a pleasant surprise to find it on Steam. Not only is this a third person action game, it also contains a number of real time strategy features. As well as this there is stat management and an inventory system, although I'm not sure that this game could be classified as an RPG.The combat is rather unsophisticated, but I found it enjoyable - it plays a lot like a Musou game, involving relatively large battles and combo-based attacks. That said, by modern standards the combat is a bit clunky, so if you can't stand old PC games, this might not be for you. Like many older games there is a lack of widescreen resolution options. There is a fix available, but I honestly had no problem just playing the game with the default settings, even if the aspect ratio was stretched from 4:3.Aside from playing as Joan of Arc, you can switch to a number of other characters with different weapons and movesets. The later campaign missions also introduce an RTS mode, which allows you to command units from a bird's eye view. I found that this game was the most fun when ignoring your troops as much as possible and simply going through the levels solo. You can even fill your inventory with arrows and play the game like a first person shooter. Joan's kill count was well into the thousands by the time I finished the game.One of this game's main strengths is its scale - levels are large and open with plenty of forts and towns to capture as well as sidequests. There is even a day and night cycle. Completing all eight campaign missions took me over sixteen hours, so there is plenty of value for money. That said, the later levels can start becoming repetitive and often take over two hours to complete, so you should pace yourself accordingly. I also found the real time strategy component to be a weaker part of this game, mostly due to poor pathfinding. In one of the campaign missions I almost had to restart because Joan and some soldiers got themselves stuck on a narrow staircase and couldn't move out. The RTS mode is also a relatively small part of gameplay as supporting units can fend for themselves fairly well. Comparisons to Mount and Blade are fairly fitting, but don't expect too much. This game is at its best when you are mowing down hordes of enemies and not thinking too much about strategy.I'm very glad to have had the chance to revisit this game, but it may not hold up for some people today. If you can tolerate the simple graphics and don't care too much about historical accuracy I would suggest that you give this very underrated game a look."
