user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,294750,20660029,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,@MeduMegu | Si Kere,"Anomaly has always been a reverse Tower Defense game but not for this one.In this game you're playing Tower Defense and have a role as the Anomaly (read: alien) Commander.Your mission is to fend of the human attacker and stay alive.11 bit studios still got their beatiful graphics and sounds.As I expected, this one turns out as a great challenging Tower Defense game.But yeah for this series it lacks story. Unlike the other Anomaly game, Anomaly Defenders didn't have a strong storyline.Overall, this is a must pick for Anomaly fans."
,Recommended,294750,10314169,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Scorpion,"11 bit studios are at it again and this time, they switched the roles back to the classic defense in the gameplay from the previous Anomaly. They definitely made a good job out there and I hope they continue to expand their series and perhaps into something that next-gen players will look forward to...This game was never a waste, the whole story of Anomaly was worth it, even their in-game music blending was superb. Players out there, I would definitely recommend this game. Don't think twice anymore."
,Recommended,294750,31478129,Posted: 30 April,all,tieio,"Okay, so these guys made pretty much the best reverse-tower defense I have ever played and this time, they went and made a tower defense. It is pretty darn good too, well worth a play. I recommend playing the games before this one first but as a game to itself, this is my favorite one."
76561198038597623,Not Recommended,294750,19117006,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Delta 66,"Anomaly Warzone Earth garnered a deserved success in reversing the classic Tower Defense formula to make a refreshing Tower Attack. After several iterations the designers attempted to invert their original idea. Unfortunately most innovative features of its predecessors get lost in the process and the final result Anomaly Defender is just an insipid sub-par Tower Defense. The main issues being a dull gameplay and the lack of challenge.+ The game use the Unreal engine, and like the other Anomaly games it is technically well made with neat graphics.+ The technology tree is well made and offer decent choices.- The biggest flaw of the game is the poor gameplay, there are two part to this:First, on the strategic level there is not much decisions to make and creative ways to place your towers. You can only build towers on specific locations outside of the enemy path, which means no “mazing” option. Then the choices are pretty obvious, place your long range towers in the back row, and your more resilient close range tower closer to the enemy paths. In contrast one of the best thing in the previous Tower Attack games was the ability to plan, and change on the fly, your attack route, giving you the ability to approach strong positions from a favorable angle.Secondly, during the action proper, the enemy advance at a slow pace, but when they come in the vicinity of your towers most of the action consist of pausing the game to activate your towers special powers. The maps design makes it worse as many times enemy waves attack from different directions, often outside of the screen view. This lead to even greater micromanagement, the scrolling speed being too slow, yo have to pause the game constantly to activate and repair your towers in various parts of the map. Overall it kills the real time feeling associated with tower defense, of seeing the enemy trying to overwhelm your base.To “spice” things up there are random hazards in some levels, like meteorites falling down damaging both your towers and the enemy. In practice I found it was just a terrible, and unsuccessfull attempt to add something to the poor gameplay.There is more or less a story in the campaign, but it is completely forgettable, and in contrast to the previous game in the series where action was tense and atmospheric, voice acting and special events don't add anything in this one.- To make thing even less interesting the game offer little challenge:There are 24 maps in the game. It starts with easy tutorial like maps, but actually half of the maps are very basic and uninspired. Few are challenging and in most case the enemy never came close to even scratch my base. In the end only the very last level on hard difficulty was a real challenge who required several attempts, a carefully thought out plan and proper combination of various type of towers and powers. Most other times the first and obvious towers placement was good enough.The game has 3 difficulty levels, the problem is the way you earn the Tech Points so critical to unlock the better towers and special powers. Completing a level on easy/normal/ hard give you around 6/8/9 Tech Pts respectively (more pts on the later level but the proportions are the same). The game is not really hard and I make my first play-through on normal. However I could have played all levels on easy first to gather plenty Tech Pts and to make my attempts on normal so much easier. Somehow giving so much points for the easy levels ruin the gameplay. I strongly encourage you to play on normal first, and move back and play previous levels on hard if you really need extra Tech Pts.In the end the game was just a disappointment. It is vastly inferior to the previous Anomaly games, and fail even on the basics of Tower Defense."
76561197983740996,Recommended,294750,29750320,Posted: 6 February,all,Chane,"A strange message reaches you from Ylamena. An alien requesting your help. Help against the human race to protect the aliens from final distinction. As the greatest strategist in the universe the aliens turn to you in their despair hope for rescue.Well, so much for the rather strange story. Calling a human to defend an alien race against invading humans?! Since humans are used to kill humans all the time - watch the news, or pay attention in your history lesson - why not. What's in it for me, you may ask. A whole lot of fun, I'd say.In case you have played any other part of the Anomaly series, you know that usually you play as the attacker, not the defender. But this time it's really a tower defence game. And it's a really good one.Pros.- very nice graphics, I really like this style- brilliant music- option to pause- great female voice acting- interesting combination of towers- special tower abilities- money is earned by installing harvesters while killing humans earns you points to activate special abilities- very addictive- 2x speed- 24 levels with three difficultiesCons:- beating some of the higher levels on hard difficulty is only possible with an enormously huge amount of micro management. You can only win some games in hard difficulty by stopping like every two to three seconds. It's crazy."
76561197978246593,Recommended,294750,12559983,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Thachicken,"I had a reasonably good time playing this game. It doesn't seem to have much variety and has the standard rock-paper-shotgun formula with the towers. To start off there are some negative points I would like to point out. The towers lack proper descriptions and the interface is somewhat disgraceful. I never used any hotkeys because I don't think this game really has any. There is no information regarding towers and it took me longer than I would like to admit to notice that the health/damage/range of towers is displayed at the top of the screen. I guess my screen is so big that a few words at the top don't really grab my attention. As for the rest of it, the enemy damage is very very managable until a point. Some enemy units just pulverize your cannons and there is so little you can do about it. The enemy has disruption which prevents cannons from shooting and some of the missions do as well. I think there are 4/25 missions that have interference from the environment and they can be frustrating as they can be very random. Lightening missions cause towers to stop working and some missions have debris falling on your head which is very very random. I have had it on hard mode and cleared without an issue and then go on easy and just can't keep my turrets up because debris just won't stop landing on them.That said, the game itself is rather entertaining. I don't think it has much replay value but if you are looking for a good 10 minute tower defense game, just take a map and go for it. It had some novel concepts in it, like towers can only be placed in certain places etc. which give it more of a challenge which both annoyed me but made it unique and fun. I would definately recommend this game to people who enjoy a good tower defense game. It won't be so hard that you rip your hair out but it isn't so easy (well, it can be) that you can afk out and survive."
,Recommended,294750,31141866,Posted: 14 April,all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review, so if you want a brief summary of why I recommendAnomaly Defendersskip toResultsand read from there.11 Bit Studios provides us with a relatively standard Tower Defense game that differs from their usual options. Anomaly Defends may be relatively generic when it comes to tower defense games, but it’s unique campaign, interesting maps, and variety of opponents provide a fun game worth a playthrough.Story:You play as the world’s best strategist, a human commander, who opted to avoid a genocide and joined up with a Ylamona, a sentient alien AI, to defend the Anomaly. Every mission is another step to holding off the human onslaught as you defend the Anomaly escape pod.Campaign:A fantastic game to start playing for the Anomaly series. I originally started by playing the first few missions of “Anomaly 2”. Then I went back and started playing “Anomaly Defenders”, which allowed me to understand all the turrets you’ll see in later installments. The campaign is well laid out and the technology tree allows you to specialize your strategy for the map. You can reset the tree at any time, meaning you can plan your mission based on your technology limitations.There is a total of 24 missions each one with three difficulty settings. Each difficulty has a reward of “Technology Points”. Typically, hard gives two more points than easy and one more than normal; although, on mission 23 and 24 you can receive two more “Technology Points” for beating the levels on hard.The difficult curves well throughout the game, and depending on how you invest your points determines how difficult the campaign will be. Each level has nuisances that make them all rather unique, from either multiple enemy spawn points, harvester locations, air support pathways, etc.Gameplay:Overall the gameplay is relatively smooth, the camera angle is great and the zoom is fine. The screen movement works well, and the turret management is easy. Some issues tend to occur when placing “Stormers”, which are “Huge” in tower size. Oddly they are actually one of the smallest towers physically. I found myself not using any of the “Functions” from the technology tree, mostly because I didn’t upgrade them. I instead vested all my points on “Perks”, “Towers”, and “Towers”. Two of the perk lines have the same name, hence why I wrote “Towers” twice.Hints:>Upgrade “Criticals”, the damage multiplier is huge at max level and the rate of fire on most towers is fast enough that they almost always hit critical hits.>Upgrading “Buying” makes the towers not only cost cheaper, but their upgrades cheaper as well.>I found myself using mostly “Blaster” towers, upgrading them to max early makes them incredibly powerful.>Harvester can be used to pull enemies away from the main path, although when it goes into “Defense Mode” the next spawn will no longer head toward the tower. Repair it to bring it back to standard mode if you still want to pull enemies down the pathway.>If you have trouble with a level, beat it on easy, then when you’re stronger come back and play it on “Normal” or “Hard” for more technology points.>If you’re stuck, go back and play old levels to get more Technology Points and beef yourself up.Results:Overall I’d recommend Anomaly Defenders. It offers great variety of maps, enemies, and abilities that provide a dynamic playthrough on every level. You could easily play through this game in one day as the campaign is “relatively” short; although, at the right price point this came provides good value for money. I personally purchased this on sale, and for 75% off I would say it was worth every penny.Pros:+Technology tree that allows you to choose your strategic pathway – focus on tower strength, passives, abilities, or supporting towers.+Dynamic enemies that provide challenging gameplay.+Environmental factors that boost strategic methodology.+Easy to come back too – the story isn’t compelling enough to make you play the next level, so you can enjoy a more relaxing Tower Defense experience.Cons:-Would have liked to have circle or build area around towers to understand exactly where a “Huge” vs. “Large” tower differed. The game grays out adjacent tiles that cannot be built on because of the tower, but it doesn’t give you an exact AOE as it does with the towers range."
76561198013492196,Not Recommended,294750,27637029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,alterratz,Do not buy this game if you are running linux. It hangs during the loading screen.
,Not Recommended,294750,34958170,Posted: 14 September,all,Eterno,"Fixed paths and launchpads. What do i mean with fixed launchpads? As soon as you start either 1 of 3 difficulty levels you will see spawned launchpads in your missions the fact that i can't spawn tower how i want and where i want to position them is total b.s. e.g. scorchers, these towers were useless to me because each time i saw pad to spawn on game said there is no ROAD, lmao. Can't design your own ""maze"" like for example Defense grid or Sanctum.I had to do several restarts because of missed unit or built wrong tower just because there is no rewind button. 0 replay value unless you want to force yourself to collect 100% achievements aside from that play on easy and complete campaign. Annoying in game mission briefings that can't be disabled.WHAT happened to all towers that were in previous anomaly games? Huh? Why there are missing some? I wanted to experience same thing i did in other Anomaly games. Oh yes ""some"" hazard missions are astonishing you would think that if there is actual hazard mission that could benefit your play style, nope, you are completely wrong because all hazards are against you. Bombing missions always target your towers as well as you run out of energy to repair them and then enemy units get pass you. OH HOW FUN! If that is done then there is next hazard mission where lightning strikes down. That could benefit you here at least? OH no! haha, its even worse than it was with bombing hazard. As soon as lightning strikes it shuts down your towers and the thing is about lightning it only targets your spawned towers and if you have only 3 towers on field then it will be perma locked down. AMAZING!Not sure why but whenever i fast forward gameplay and there are several explosions i got FPS drops. HOW CAN I GET FPS DROPS WITH 1050TI? For real?I actually tortured myself to play all the way till the end and collect all 100% achievements. I'm so glad this is over.Here is the tip. If you want good tower defense game with actual replay value get DEFENSE GRID or SANCTUM instead."
,Recommended,294750,12507730,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"This is like Space Run, except here the intensity of combat is a bit less intensive than what you would find in Space Run. They play differently no doubt and it is more akin to Defense Grid but with offensive enemies that will attack your base. On easy mode, this would require you to manage each tower with less vigilance, but on higher difficulty, it would be more of a chore than anything else. Assuming you like such activity, it would surely entertain you. Otherwise, I'd suggest you try basic TD games where enemies are passive in action.Overall a great game, but if you had played Defense Grid 1 or 2, there is no reason to delve into it, yet. Again, it all boils down to which type of enemies you want: active or passive. That's the only thing different between this and DG. DG however seems to have more varieties overall."
76561198261146255,Recommended,294750,19375552,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Xhristou,It's a real good tower defense game with spectacular graphics.
76561197969384637,Recommended,294750,10341809,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Herp McDerpin,"On a scale of 1 to 10, I'm leaning towards a 6.5. It's certainly a polished game - the sound and graphics are pretty appealing. It just doesn't feel like there's a lot of variability to the play style, even with the tech tree. It feels like it's a TD game ""on rails"". I'm not sure I would recommend it for the ~$10 price, but on sale it would worth a few hours of play time."
,Recommended,294750,24195086,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,KatherineOfSky,"Pros+ Pace of the game is very natural -- you feel like you are making progress without grinding.  (You can buy something from the research tree after every level).+ The setting of the game and graphics are very cool looking.  There are several different locations; I only wish that they used the ones with a bit of nature more often.+ Tower special-abiity system (see below)+ Upgrade tree is freely refundable -- you can try out different tactics.+ Map scrolling is fluid, and clicking on enemy arrows will zoom you to a danger zone.+ Different difficulties of each map have slightly diffferent tower placment locations, making them more interesting than a simple ramp-up in enemies.+ Nice boost tower type -- allows you to choose +range, +tower heal, or +DPS, and switch between them within a map.+ Female voiceovers are pleasant, and not annoying.+ Music is appropriate and exciting to the game.Cons- Enemy Units are difficult to distinguish one type from another.- Towers are similarly unidentifiable.- No hotkeys, but mouse control is pretty fast.- One annoying achievement to play all difficulties of all levels... yes, even if you beat a level on Hard, you have to go and play it on Normal and Easy modes.Overall, even though it is a ""standard"" tower defense game, I enjoyed playing.  The units' and towers' unidentifiability comes from similar models, outlines around the units, and general chaos of firing effects.  Luckily, this game is much more on the casual side, so it really isn't that critical.The tower special-ability system is something pretty unique -- each tower can use 6 different abilities, ranging from healing itself (and others), to increased range, dps, and even blowing itself up!  This adds a feeling of control & power when you know you can boost a tower when an elite unit (boss) is in range.Recommended."
76561197995142404,Recommended,294750,31323257,Posted: 23 April,all,Sarxis,"An excellent, sci-fi tower defense game.  Stunning graphics, excellent voice, sound, music, and clean, progressive gameplay.A must have for the casual tower defense gamer."
,Recommended,294750,12384967,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Expert Button Presser,"I don't usually play those kinds of games, I usually just play them for 5 minutes and drop them, but this is probably the slickest looking, well-polished tower defense game I've seen, which was what drew me into it and contributed to my playing it all the way through. And killing pesky humans! Who wouldn't jump at the chance?The game is about how to manage your income and optimally allocate turrets. It takes a while to figure out which technologies/turrets work best in what situations. Eventually you find and set up some pretty powerful turret combos. The basic ""blaster"" turret is extremely powerful and durable when fully upgraded. I didn't think the booster turret (the one that doesn't shoot and only supports other turrets) was worth it, it took up a spot and didn't really do much, and the enemies would usually go for that first for some dumb reason.The pause feature is pretty huge. It makes any turret setup or tactic manageable to execute. It really took the steam out of the later levels. Maybe that is the point? If you don't ever use pause to play let me know how it goes.Each turret can have a special ability, and you get to manage all that and passive bonuses in a tech tree. I found that the energy bonuses and the sniper ability (which increases range of turrets) were very, very powerful. It's the only way to get a decent number of turrets firing on each enemy, which makes some of the boss-type encounters into a joke. I thought it was fun to manage all the angles and set up spots where I'd set of bunch of turrets to sniper, so that the big tanks would get crushed."
,Recommended,294750,12298292,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,jrizzle8769,"Finally, an awesome TD game! Went through so many duds after Field runners 2, then finally stumbled across this game. I figured I would give it a try and im glad I did. Great maps, nice upgrade table, great music and sound. This game is the ideal     TD game. Usually micromanaging aggrivates me, but this games seems to mesh the mircromanaging aspect in so well, I hardly noticed I was doing it! I give this a solid 9/10!I will say if you are into creating your own mazes/paths, you won't find that here. Just good ol' fashion tower defense! Correction, you can make enemies take different paths by adding a specific building to different paths. So in a way you can alter the path of the baddies. Hope this helps!"
76561197969417125,Recommended,294750,11070381,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,G00N3R,"Anomaly Defenders is the third game in the Anomaly series. In the previous games the player controlled Human forces in a unique ""tower offence"" mode. Defenders changes the format, and now the player controls the aliens in a more traditional tower defence mode. The aliens are fleeing their homeworld, and you need to prevent the Humans from destroying spaceship launchpads. The main twist compared to other TD games that I've played, is that the Humans can shoot your towers, instead of just ignoring them.As with most TD games, you can build and upgrade various types of towers using carusarum (effectively money). Carusarum is earned by killing enemy units and you can also build harvester towers to extract carusarum from specific points on the map. You can also use special abilities on your towers, such as repair, rage (damage buff), sniper (range buff) and shield (reduce damage). These abilities cost energy, which is also gained from killing enemies.There is a tech tree which allows you to spend points on upgrading the strength of your towers and abilities, improve your economy through improved efficiency of harvesters and better cost of buying/selling towers, and increase energy storage. You gain tech points for completing maps based on score and difficulty, and spend them between missions.I wouldn't say there is a great variety in towers or enemy units. Most are as seen in the previous games, I think the only new enemies are the aircraft. A couple of maps have environmental effects, such as electromagnetic storms and falling debris, which can disable/damage your towers and enemy units.I played on the middle of three difficulty levels, and only lost one of the 24 maps, but the second half of the game does get quite frantic. I can imagine the top difficulty could be quite challenging. I think my previous experience with the franchise helped me to quickly figure out the best placement for each type of tower. Later map layouts become fairly complex, with enemies attacking simultaneously along multiple ground and air paths. You can influence the enemy path with your harvesters, because the Humans will try to attack those before your launchpad.The story is non-existent, which is disappointing. The previous games' stories weren't amazing but at least they made an effort. I also find it strange that the Humans don't have a commander (the player unit in previous games). I guess it might have been difficult to program the AI controlling him, but it doesn't really make sense based on the established series lore. The Human forces would get annihilated quickly in the previous games without the commander, so why attack now without him?The music is fantastic and I didn't experience any bugs. There are no mid mission checkpoints, which means if you lose a map (or crash for any reason) its back to the start. Each map should only take around 20 minutes though. I finished the campaign in 8 hours which is fine relative to the low purchase price.Overall, if you like tower defence and have a few hours available, this is worth checking out."
76561198115234754,Not Recommended,294750,34267012,Posted: 15 August,all,Paymonayy,"Always crashing, so frsutrating to keep on opening the game every 10 seconds... this game is getting old and theres still no update for this fix. Other users reporting same problem, check the discussionsNever had this problem on a game for steam before. WOW, shocked that this is still an ongoing problem"
,Not Recommended,294750,13646320,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ruler,"Among the poorer TDs, don't be fooled by the Anomaly tag associated with the relatively interesting reverse-TD games.- Poor interface, no hotkeys- No interesting towers- Economy is very shallow- Have to click the energy balls when IMO it should be automatic (think of the RSI sufferers among us)"
76561197969702076,Recommended,294750,10545347,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MisterFlibble,"It's a fine game, but I much preferred the first two in the series (Anomaly: Warzone Earth and Anomaly 2) - you should go buy those instead. This is just another tower defence game."
76561198040533651,Recommended,294750,11746953,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,phb895,"I truly enjoyed this game.  I usually don't like tower defense games very much, but this one seems to be an exception.  I found the strategy element to be quite good especially at higher difficulties.  However if what you want is a story this is not the game for you.  Other than 2 short (~15 second) videos there is no story at all.  Not even short the short text based level intro conversations that are often used to set the mood. Other than a location name and a description of the level you are given no background whatsoever.  Usually I, myself, would have problems with enjoying a game with no story, but the gameplay made me more forgiving."
,Recommended,294750,14274808,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Etheras,"I purchased this game during a dry period in strategy gaming, knowing nothing about it really except that it had decent reviews. I later discovered that its part of the Anomaly series (the Tower Offense series ... which I hadn't played, so that never really came to mind for me). So I found myself jumping into an established universe knowing nothing about it. However, it doesn't seem all that deep... and so it wasn't hard to catch up. I will probably go back and purchase the other Anomaly games now, so: this game was good enough to widen their audience. If you want to know the details, read on!GOOD- Graphics are very pretty- Game is quite fun- The pause mode is great. Takes the twitch gaming out, in favor of tactics and strategy (as a strategy game ought to)- The background artwork on the levels (there tends to be stuff behind the main game map) is interesting and inventive. Very artistic, and often animated, doing interesting things. It doesn't distract from the game, but sometimes I'd start a level and just look around at the background before starting the mission. Very pretty!- Music and sound : epic soundtrack with an interesting voice actor as the AI companion, and the battle sounds seemed reasonable for what they're associated with.BAD- Towers are repetitive without much to differentiate them. Its not easy to tell their purpose. Form should follow function, but clearly the designers wanted an alien organic machine look. They got that, but at the expense of practicality and interesting tower design- There is still a twitch gaming element, in that I found myself constantly casting spells, which was annoying and repetitive- For a strategy game, there's not a lot of strategy. Pretty-much the same strategies work all the time, and can be reused endlessly with little variation. The enemy is very dumb, and I was able to complete almost every level with 0 damage to the base the first time through on normal mode... that doesn't bode well for strategy games. Strategy where you don't really have to think isn't really strategy. I will add that there were a few times where you need to switch strategy up: such as the introduction of aircraft, shock units (etc), but there are really only 6 of these moments in 24 missions. And after you adapt to the new circumstances, you can just go back to grinding away, now with the new strategy.- No real story. There is a hint at something deeper, but for the most part its just ""kill waves of enemies so I can launch the next escape pod.""- Controls can be a bit wonky. I am not sure if this was made as a mobile port or what, but click-drag is the only realistic means to get around the map. The arrow keys pan... very very slowly. And moving the mouse cursor to the edges like in most RTS games is EVEN SLOWER.- Non-remappable keys ... you'd think in 2015 all games would have remappable controls, but apparently Anomaly Defenders is stuck back in the 90s or so. This is annoying because ... arrow keys for panning? Once again: not the 90's anymore. Use WASD, or at least make it so we can set it to WASD. Secondly: Shift calls the next wave. Better hope you don't get a steam message, because if you Shift+Tab, you might find yourself knee deep in bad-guys. Once again: it would be fine if there were a way to set it to another keymap.- Enemies are boring : waves of mechs, bomb mechs, fire mechs, different sized mechs, tanks, tanks with turrets, tanks without turrets, tanks with 2 guns on their turret.... (I think you get the idea). For the most part, the enemies seemed uninspired. None were particularly memorable aside from the spider mech and the aircraft, which were pretty cool.- The meteor level is annoying. Defending a base where random meteors hit doesn't really add that much to a level except annoyance and frustration. If you're going to kill my towers, I prefer that they are destroyed by skill and not some random dice roll. Thankfully this only happened in one level, and the level is otherwise pretty easy.CONCLUSIONNot bad as a Tower Defense game. Much too easy, with some annoying levels, boring enemies, and some control problems - but otherwise quite good. Its carried especially on the merits of its very pretty explosions and gorgeous backdrops, and the fact that its just very solid gameplay in-general. But then again... tower defense is hard to mess up. Anyway, its fun if you're looking to kill some time. Not really a challenge, but lots of stuff explodes. 7/10"
76561198042110223,Recommended,294750,10770292,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,scatwalla,"Seems like just a vague connection to the Anomaly series, but who cares? This game is fun, especially at the pricepoint. Any more, then maybe not. I am not sorry I purchased this at all."
,Recommended,294750,14327567,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,uRage,"If you play any previous games of Anomaly, then I only need to say that this game put you in opposite situation. Anomaly Defenders is a tower defense game where you build and control  towers and kill enemy squads. As in previous games you have special abilities which improves your towers and you also have a technology where you upgrade your towers. Game has 24 missions and 3 difficulty levels.  Graphics is nice and can be played on an average pc or notebook. There is also a mobile version of this game which offers the same as PC version."
,Recommended,294750,14443226,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"I have always enjoyed all the Anomaly games and this final title of the franchise goes back to the original TD formula. This time you command the aliens instead of the humans. I would probably consider the Defense Grid series the better TD games but AD would probably come second, it still requires the same micromanagement like their past titles."
,Recommended,294750,29389812,Posted: 20 January,all,mbebb,i love this game
76561198046747192,Recommended,294750,31051463,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,Another nice and humble Tower Defense game. Its also one of those where your turrets take damage from enemy fire.
,Not Recommended,294750,13764833,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bob the Builder,"Firstly, I would like to mention that I personally enjoy the Anomaly Series, however I would not recommend this game to my friends. Anomaly Defenders is a Tower Defence game, instead of the well-renowned Tower Offense games. This is contrary to the thing that makes the Anomaly Franchise stand out of other games. The Anomaly Franchise is famous for its Tower Offense games and I felt that Anomaly Defenders ruined it, therefore I would not recommend you getting this game.If you are new to the Anomaly Series and you are interested in getting this game, try Anomaly: Warzone Earth or Anomaly 2 instead as I do feel that the gameplay in those games are more enjoyable, especially when the Anomaly Franchise is well known for its Tower Offense. If you are interested in a Tower Defence game, don’t waste your money on this game and I would suggest you getting Sanctum 2 instead. If you had played the other games from the Anomaly Series and you are interested in getting this game, do not bother getting this game too, unless you are a hard-core fan of the Anomaly Franchise and have extra cash to spend on."
,Not Recommended,294750,25038412,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Zina Pallas,"It didn't have sound on ubuntu 14.04. Then I upgraded to ubuntu 16.04. It had sound, but crashed all the time. This game is a waste of money if you use linux."
,Recommended,294750,12167200,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SkySatan,"Even though it's got a pretty traditional gameplay, Anomaly Defenders is able to entertain with a solid and challenging tower defense experience, enriched with great visuals, a sharp level design and a great to explore tech-tree."
76561197986699513,Not Recommended,294750,13597013,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Linux_Maniac,I bought to play on linux and is not working. When I try to load the level game crash and closes to desktop.
76561198039814929,Not Recommended,294750,18537646,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DrolDraw,Game crashes whilst loading.
,Not Recommended,294750,19564976,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DashRendar,"I really enjoyed the orginal set of Anomaly games both on PC and on Mobile.  Great graphics, story was OK and it turned tower defence on its head.  I played them all almost addictively and was dissapointed when I was done.So I had high hopes for Anomaly Defenders, well, what a disappointment!The best I can say is 'Meh'  it just doesn't hold my attention.  Theres virtually no strategy involved, just build towers and upgrade them as quick as you can and you'll beat the level, that is until your technology level is no longer high enough, and you get totally anihilated. you then have to go back and repeatedly re-do levels at higher difficulties just to get more technology points to spend on upgrades.Story is non-existent (I know the other anomaly games weren't exactly stellar, but at least you felt like you were progressing through something)I really struggle to believe that these are the same developers that produced Anomaly :-("
,Not Recommended,294750,16457314,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,d10sfan,Game does not work on Linux (Ubuntu 15.04) at all. Launches but never loads. Others have had this issue for a while with no fix.
,Recommended,294750,28168470,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SandTag,"to put it simply, it was the best TD game ever created when it was released two years ago, IT STILL IS.it has better graphics than gemcraft, better depth than kingdom rush`s story, and more fun than BTD5, if you want TD you are in the right place."
76561198034023284,Recommended,294750,34496004,Posted: 25 August,all,Innapropriate Touching,I touch myself while playing this game.
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,294750,12376018,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Smokey,"Is this game worth a buy?the simplest answer would be No! but would like to add a few wordsthe whole game is just incredibly boring and far too easy and really smells of a mobile port = really bad balancedand the effects/sprites the game using looks really bad and everything has a ugly blur effect (after my opinion)Also this game cost 9.99$/€ and you can get Defense Grid: The Awakening for 8.99$or Defense Zone 2 for 4.99$ (both these TD games kicks this games where the sun doesn't shine)Ps. Defense zone 3 comes out at the end of this year 2014""around winter sale time ;)(only 1 person have created these games)"
76561197971359585,Not Recommended,294750,13342406,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ingolfson,"Lacking ideas, and with a weak ""story"". The lack of respect the programmers have shown to their 3rd go at this is to me exemplified by the fact that the ""alien"" avatar is a hypersexualised ""female"" robot torso. Classy. And logical of course."
,Not Recommended,294750,19388446,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,🎉,"too many possible routes of enemies on every map, unbalanced forces, difficulty, boring defense tower"
,Not Recommended,294750,19639395,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zerenade,"Pretty wierd game, I got this game in a bundle, but I wonder who literally just buy this game! XD"
,Not Recommended,294750,31022819,Posted: 8 April,all,Bonder,Having this game in my library caused me to receive unwanted undeletable spam in my inventory.
,Recommended,294750,14821890,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,aVe,"Compared to existing Tower Defense games, Anomaly Defenders is a decent one.The game twists the original storyline by placing you, the commander, at the side of the machines, as you plan a counterattack against your own kind, humanity, which now can strike the final and fatal blow. Your job is to prevent the 24 launchpads to be destroyed in order to send remaining aliens into space. All of this without any second thoughts, simply to ensure the survival of the machines. How kind of you.The game features a bunch of good and proven ideas, with a nice execution. Towers comes from the Anomaly Warzone serie - so you kinda feel at home - and are accessible via a Tech Tree, from which you can buy or resell technologies if you need; along with abilities and improvements (armor, critical damage, energy pool, buying and selling cost).Caurasaurum is the ingame currency used to buy towers, and Energy can be grabbed on destroyed enemy units to activate special abilities like Repair, Shield, Rage, Sniper...Like many Tower Defense games, each level is a combination of a tutorial and a puzzle. The game in some extent tries to push you from your comfort zone each time you have found an optimal placement for a tower, or a deadly combination of towers. But anyhow, Anomaly Defender can be reduced to a puzzle even if there is some tension in selecting the right place for towers since they occupy more or less space.The strange thing about Anomaly Warzone is that, in spite of its qualities, the gameplay becomes sometimes repetitive, the most intense moment being the beginning of each level where you analyse and plan your towers placement, then simply repair and upgrade them as the human forces grow stronger.There is really a radical loss of pacing compared the Warzone serie, in which you have to constantly re-route your squad, run for energy ressources or carefully place abilities like Repair.This might be an example of the difference between a game like Anomaly Warzone with a novel and solid core concept that can sustain even a barely good execution ; and a game like Anomaly Defenders who spawns inside an established genre, without an outstanding concept, but with proven ideas and a good execution."
,Recommended,294750,21814643,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,daydr3am3r87,"The ""Anomaly"" series is a truly unique series if you analyze it from a tower defense perspective simply because it puts the player in the position of the attacker, not the defender. Anomaly Defenders however is a return to the classic tower defense genre and it's not surprisingly at all judging by the way the story evolved in the previous games.Unfortunately, it has nothing to the tower defense genre and moreover, it has some issues that stopped me from loving this game, no matter how much I struggled to do so.From a technical standpoint, the game is flawless. The game looks great yet runs smoothly even on older hardware and I was unable to find any bugs (not that I actually looked).The gameplay however is where it fails, more or less. The best thing about this is the technology tree. This one is actually well made, easy to understand even for less experienced gamers and offers some interesting features and upgrades.From here on, things go down.The game features 24 maps and 3 difficulty levels for each map, each level rewarding the player with a certain amount of technology points. About half of the maps are very well designed and offer some tactical variations and different approaches while the other maps seem chaotic, leaving no chance for tactics and reducing the gameplay to a state of pure brute force with a trial and error approach.The towers, while the same towers from the rest of the games, now seem very underpowered and, with a few exception, there is not much difference in what damage they can take and make.The ability wheel, that allows you to build, sell or upgrade towers as well as access the abilities seems and can be quite unintuitive when being used in large battles. You can often find yourself selling your tower instead of upgrading it or buying a different tower than the one needed because of the small am very similar tower icons.On the other hand, the enemy units, mostly the ones from the other Anomaly games, can seem very overpowered quite often.The enemy units are very slow paced when they enter the map but change instantly when they are close to the towers, forcing the player to pause the game to repair/upgrade or use other abilities.Combining these with the poorly designed maps, you will often find yourself having to choose between towers that prevent the ground units from advancing and those that will prevent the air support units from wracking your towers and base.And as if this wasn't enough, some maps have ""random"" hazards/treats, like meteorites falling from the sky that will destroy the towers if not repaired on time or lighting strikes that will disable EXACTLY the towers that are firing the advancing enemy units. So much for the random element.The game is mostly incredibly easy but some maps that combine all the elements mentioned above, can be ridiculously hard.In terms of story and atmosphere the game simply fails, especially if compared to the other Anomaly games.Overall, the game was a disappointment and far from what I would expect from an Anomaly game or even a tower defense game.Again, it would be nice if Steam would have a ""MEH"" option for reviews. This is one of those games that I cannot down vote but I shouldn't upvote as well. You could give it a try if you have the chance to get it on a sale but don't expect much from it."
76561198091878565,Recommended,294750,25835239,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Yracham,"More classical than the former ones, as you come back to a TD game, but it's really enjoyable and well balanced."
,Recommended,294750,25086375,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is a lot of fun and a nice tangent in the Anomaly series. If you enjoyed Defense Grid, then you'll most likely enjoy this title as they are fairly similar. This is a well made, polished game that'll give you hours of entertainment. ****"
