user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197976775950,Recommended,294810,13314733,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,GhostNappa,"Pretty good port, netcode is much better than USF4.Its not BBCP, but its a start of getting more games here on steam (looking at you GGXRD).Would recommend if you're into fighting games.Max FPS 61, 1920x1080p (not sure if you can go higher)"
76561198103689957,Recommended,294810,13323395,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Useful Idiot,"Well, here it is. The second chapter in the Blaz Blue series.Pros'+ Decent net code.+ Enjoyable story mode, with endearing characters, and well written dialogue.+ Fairly balanced, even the low tier characters can be viable if you understand the gameplay mechanics.+ Abyss and Unlimited Mars modes are both fun for casual and hardcore play, if you're looking for some single player action outside of Arcade and Story mode.+ Lots of content.Cons.- Price tag.  I can see why people who already own this game wouldn't pick it up for $25 - $30.- Unlimited Mu-12 is a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥.- Watered down acheivements. Seriously, where's all the character specific acheivements at?If you haven't played this game yet and enjoy a good fighting game, a dungeon crawling experience masked in a fighting game, or some good old fashioned visual novel storytelling, than do yourself a favor and pick this up."
,Recommended,294810,14088829,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Red Ocean,"As an introduction, I am a veteran player of Guility Gear and Blazblue series. I've won numerous tournaments in all versions of Blazblue and held the rank #1 spot for several characters on Xbox live. As i write this review I will be as neutral as possible.Blazbue is a very unique fighting game franchise, many call it the sister of Guility Gear. Blazblue is an air dasher, high speed,  combo heavy fighting game. The game is very visually satisfying and has one hell of a soundtrack. People who have a history in Street figher, SoulCaibur, DOA, Tekken, etc. Tend to somewhat stray away from Blazblue. The game sets itself apart by its core engine mechanics and unforgivable mistakes.But fray not, the game is very newcomer friendly. Unlike many other fighting games, Blazblue Extend has an ingame voice over tutorial that guides you step by step on EVERY single game mechanic while teaching you combos at the sametime. After you go through the tutorial, you are encouraged to try ""challenge mode."" But don't get the challenge mode in this game twisted like the one in Street fighter or Street Fighter x Tekken.90% Challenge mode combos in this game actually teach you Basic ""Bread and butter"" combos that you will be using during live play. Even high level pros use some of the bread and butter combos you will see in challenge mode. They are very practical and meter efficient. Once you feel comfortable training and getting your challenge mode combos down you can take the fight online.Online BB extend has a few differences from the console. You CANNOT turn off your ingame mic and you CANNOT see your opponents ping levels before the fight. The only way to estimate the lag is by actually engaging into the battle. With that being said, there are players from all over the world playing online. If you wish to play in player matches simply name your lobby in the general area of where you live. For example, I live in South Carolina so I name my lobby ""Southeast USA"", that way people can get a better estimate of the ping to be expected.But for the sake of keeping the wall of text down, Blazblue is a great fighting game franchise for newcomers and experienced fighters. You will enjoy the incredibly unique and flashy combos by all of the characters. The game also has an interesting and yet paradoxal story which you will have fun trying to figure out on your own! Also check out the blazblue anime online if you have a hulu subscription.If you have an specific questions regarding the game, you can reply to my review or send me a message on steam.EDIT: Mics can be muted or turned off ingame now."
76561198025301599,Recommended,294810,13365419,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"Very good port, much better than Calamity Trigger.Now give us Blazblue chrono phantasma please <3"
,Recommended,294810,13339552,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SwitNiceNiceNiceNice,Play as the underboob of justice as you fight off hoards of ice cars.
,Recommended,294810,13322489,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"It doesn't matter if you're a veteran of fighting games or new to the genre; ""BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend"" will provide lots of fun!This version has TEN game modes to keep you occupied for a long long time. Between them, it has an top-notch (and very funny) Tutorial for all skill levels; the traditional Arcade mode; Versus (including vs CPU); Score Attack (compete for the leaderboards); Unlimited Mars (fight tougher versions of fighters at the highest difficult level); Training mode; Challenge (combo practicing); Abyss (fight waves of enemies and upgrade your character); Story (from BlazBlue Calamity Trigger and Continuum Shift) and Online (ranked, unranked and team battles).The BlazBlue series has one of the most complex and deep stories ever. If you watched the anime (Alter Memory) and you're considering purchasing the game to discover what the fuss is about, but don't know nothing about fighting games, don't be afraid. BB:CSE has a beginner option that let you press one button to perform an special. It makes the things a lot easier for newcomers and with more practice you can abandon this option to play more seriously.BB:CSE isn't the most recent version of the series, but it's still worth it. Even with this pricetag I can't recommend enough. You'll get the bang for your buck and will experience one of the most deep and satisfying fighting games ever created."
76561198053843295,Recommended,294810,19687723,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Golbez,"*As its been announced that Chrono Phantasm Extend is coming to PC, I thought I'd make this review*This review is lengthy and If you don't have time to just sit and look through it, read a shorter condensed review.Rare, very rare is it for me to find a game that actually will allow you the chance at a tremendous gameplay and story. Myself, I've never liked the 2d fighting games, but Blazblue really helped change that if only because of its incredible story.One thing to note though: My original intention for me buying the game was for the story, but the fun gameplay and character variety changed that.Story wise you won't find much that can compare to some of the complexity that Blazblue is. If you played the original Blazblue and didn't look up anything to understand what was happening and trial-and-error it yourself, you are a trooper. The story is so complicated at times that its hard to distinguish the ""right"" path from the ""wrong"" path. Some people take this either good or bad.For this installment however, they changed the story portion around a bit as its not as complicated to figure out. They also added a bonus for people who did (or didn't) play the original Calamity Trigger. However, that story was reduced in depth and for those who played it, will notice a lot of dialouge change. That however wasn't a bad thing since it gave us a better grounded way to understand this game.One of the major perks I found with this game's story: It's entirely voice-acted. EVERY single character has a unique voice that's different, they all have a personality, and MY WORD does Hazama sound bloody awesome. Sometimes I wish that Ufotable would just take the dialouge, then animate it into glory. For most of the between people dialouge, I just sat back, closed my eyes, and after the end of their talking, casually hit the A button to proceed to the next. It's so much fun to understand this story.A flaw to this game however (and to MANY people) is that the story is quite frankly, complicated as stated before. Each characters story takes place at different set, key points, and if you don't have a guide on you, your gonna have a hard time pieceing the story together. To newcomers however I say --- DON""T GIVE UP!!! There is a magnificent story behind this game and you'll miss out if you don't work to understand!Gameplay is the typical 2d fighting with various moves that are unique to each character. However, they all have a unique way of playing style, feel, reach, and all add some sort of variety to prevent that ""stale"" air of copy and paste fighting characters. That itself helped me like it more.For those who know it, theres nothing like pulling off a Astral Heat against an opponent. Oh, the satisfaction.A great game that shouldn't be missed, wonderful story, characters, completely voiced, hilarity, fun gameplay, and more."
,Recommended,294810,13829229,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,P-Scarlet,"I was only 9I loved Hazama so muchI mained him since CS1 and owned his dakimakuraI pray to Hazama everynight, thanking him for being A tier""Hazzamer is love"", I say, ""Hazaman is life.""My dad hears me and calls me a scrubI knew he was jealous because he played NoelI called him a noobHe slaps me and sends me to play SkullgirlsIm crying now, my hands hurtI lie in bed, it's coldSuddenly, I feel a warmth and Gluttony Fang tune hits my earsIt's HazamaI'm so happyHe whispers in my ear, ""Who-ho-hoah there!""He grabs me with his Ouroboros and puts me in front of my PCI'm readyI spend the next ten hours wrecking HakumenHe won't stop spamming 6BIt hurts so much, but I do it for HazamaI can feel my thumbs blistering and my eyes start to waterI do a CCCCC air spamI want to please Captain HazzamerHe laughs and Astral Heats HakumenMy dad walked inHazama looked him straight in the eyes and said, ""Git gud.""Hazama micro dashes through my windowHazzamer is love, Hazaman is life"
,Recommended,294810,13320412,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ANDY,"No my friends, your eyes do not deceive you. For once, this is NOT a lazy rerelease of an already existing, outdated PC-port. This is an all new PC release of Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extend that includes solid netplay that is eons above what we got with the GFWL-enabled Calamity Trigger all those years back.The graphics costumization is average and about what you'd expect for a 2D game these days with only resolutions and anti-aliasing options being present.Unfortunately, while this port is new, the game itself isn't,there is already a newer version called Chrono Phantasma out on consoles.Still, it's certainly a start and a huge improvement over the other Arc System Works fighters we have got on steam at the moment."
,Recommended,294810,13399367,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Flotilla,"Continuum Shift Extend, while an iteration behind the PS3 BlazBlue releases, is still a very fun fighter. The roster is filled with diverse characters (both in appearance and gameplay style), the visuals are top-notch and brought consoles to their limits, and the music (while not as good as Guilty Gear's) is memorable and appropriate for the characters/stages.As for the porting job, ArcSys put in more effort with this PC port than any of their other port jobs, and it shows. Using their BlazBlue Calamity Trigger port for reference:The many bugs present in BBCT (memory leaks, alt+tab graphic glitches, missing music) have been fixedAs a result performance is much smoother, and most halfway-decent setups can expect an uninterrupted 60FPS at all timesArbitrary resolution support, allowing you to play in resolutions far beyond the console standard of 720pGFWL has been replaced with Steamworks-enabled netplay (which is very smooth)As a result, BBCSE also has Steam Cloud integration and achievementsA decent amount of bonuses for PC buyers (bundled soundtrack, art collection, complimentary Japanese voice DLC, Steam Trading Cards)It's not a 100% perfect port, but it's more than passable; I've been able to have an enjoyable time with BBCSE without any major hindrance at all. I'm very satisfied with this port, and I would recommend it to anyone who has been wanting to dive into BlazBlue but doesn't own a PS3/360."
,Recommended,294810,13316594,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Fries,"Almost there. Online mode too!This game actually has around 7 new characters total, the description compares it to Continuum Shift vanilla, which wasn't released on PC.A great fighting game with great flashy mechanics and great music. Even if you're new to the series or fighting games, Continuum Shift adds a good Tutorial mode, explaining the basics and advanced stuff, and even some character specific stuff.For features, the Story Mode includes a retelling of Calamity Triggers' (the first BlazBlue) story, and the new stuff is told in the style of a visual novel with some fights in between and some choices too (some story paths lead to joke or alternate endings.) There's a Challenge mode which challenges you to perform combos, Abyss mode which is basically a long survival run where you can purchase items beforehand with points that are also used to buy unlocks in the Gallery, and the other single player arcade mode and Calamity Trigger stuff. The gallery still has sound test, the last time it appears in BlazBlue as of BBCP 1.1. This version is also more combo focused and sports a few mechanic tweaks that make it different to the other games in the series like the Guard Primer system only allowing a certain number of blocks from specific moves before a Guard Crush occurs.The game appears to be the latest console version (seems like the part about Legion mode was removed from the product description and I don't see it unlocked or in the Gallery unlocks.) with fast load times.Running on Windows 8.1, performance is good (60fps cap, 1080p available) but I can't say whether this game suffers from the issue Calamity Trigger does regarding PC uptime (I recently restarted my PC and Calamity Trigger ran fine before I tested Continuum Shift).Update: PC uptime as of this update is at 3 days, 8 hours, 30minutes~ Calamity Trigger performance shot down to 30 sometime within the last 12 hours that I last ran it, Continuum Shift performance is still hitting 60. This is on an i7 4790k with 16GB of RAM and a GTX 970. Good port job on this title, compared to Calamity Trigger and how the Arcade leak ran."
76561198016642240,Recommended,294810,13336530,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dizzles,"So first thing that people asay is ""Wow too expensive!"" I'll have to admit it is a bit pricey and you could probably wait until a steam sale to get it, but this should be seen as good news. Blazblue is coming to steam with network play.Other good news. As a port this is pretty decent. It needs some patching, but overall this is solid and I think I got content worth the money."
,Recommended,294810,13908472,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kelloggs,"This review is now outdated, since the Patch that inserted Mic control and Ping Preview into the game!------------------Original Post Bellow-----------------A great game, you'll love it!It's worth every cent....   If you like the francise please buy this one. We need to show Arc Soft that the PC community is a viable market.However keep in mind there are 2 little annoyances in this port you must know before-hand.1)  NO PING PREVIEWFor some reason the developers decided to remove the ping-preview bars from the multiplayer lobbies.  Yes.... I'm dead serious....  Now you can only find out the quality of the connection with another player by starting the match.2)  NO MIC CONTROLIf you have your mic connected, the game will force you to use it. That means you cannot use skype to talk to friends while playing, because you will be heard by everyone in the lobby as well.Not to mention that you will often find people that don't realize their mic is on...."
,Recommended,294810,32901788,Posted: 27 June,all,O'Manric,"When you first see Blazblue you think of Marvel vs Capcon that's inevitable (So you got yourself a high standard of comparison). Its gameplay, art style and fast paced combat are similar, yet it sets itself appart improving them and also adding some great features that make this a unique series of games.Pros- Entertaining fast paced combat- The game mixes RPG and Graphic Novels elements with deep storytelling setting itself apart.- It has a wide cast of characters and tells the gamestory from each of their perspectives.- Local and online multiplayer- The soundtrack its amazing!Cons- The game didn't change that much from BB: Calamity Trigger so you can think of this as a v1.5- As I told in the pros the story is divided into each characters perspective. So you have some grinding if you just wanna get to the true ending.Bottomline it's a great game expanding the story and cast of characters from the first one in the series.Overall Rating 8/10"
,Recommended,294810,14739738,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Arcos Of Blackheart,"First things first, I'd like to say, I've never been one to enjoy a 2D fighter game for more than a few minutes. Now, that being said, this one is easily the best I've ever played. I picked it up on release, not expecting to play much of it, but after trying it out, I couldn't stop playing.Particularly, I found the story mode to be of the most interest, and boy, is it a good story, though, for me, It was a bit confusing, and hard to grasp until I learned more about the series.The fighting handles pretty well, especially if you have a controller. The animation of the character sprites is wonderful in battle too, and the moves are all great to look at.With a large roster of characters, you should have a fun time trying everyone out, and deciding which you like best. And every character has his or her own amazing theme music.accompanying the large character roster is a wonderful english voice cast, that I personally think fit each character perfectly.As far as incentive to keep playing, there's the alternate endings in each characters story mode, And the gallery. There are hours upon hours of unlockables to be found in the gallery. Gallery unlockables consist of mostly wonderfully illustrated CG's, and some animated cinematics, which can be seen in story mode.The only bad things I can really come up with, come with online play. I'm not sure if it even has an active online community, so finding a match against another player might not happpen. I could be wrong though.Though, there is one other downside I can think of. Some characters come off as terribly OP. Lambda 13 and Hakumen come to mind. (That or I totally suck against those two)So, a summary of the pros and consPros-Great voice cast-A good, but slightly confusing story-Large roster of fighters to toy around with-Hours of unlockable CG's-A great sound trackCons-Some OP fighters-Not enough online players-The story is pretty confusing, and hard to grasp, even if you've played Calamity TriggerMy personal rating is 10/10Um...The official rating...8.9/10? (I'm never good at official ratings.)I say if you're into 2Dfighters, deffinately pick this one up."
76561198048857994,Recommended,294810,19904641,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Spidey,The story mode of this game is longer than many RPGs.
,Recommended,294810,16799523,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,zensouren,"I bought this to show my support for Chronophantasma Extend port. Oh yeah, I also played it for a few hours."
,Recommended,294810,13327945,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ラムダ計算,"Quality pc port and awesome fighting game. Even though the price is a little high at the moment, don't hesitate to grab it on sale."
,Recommended,294810,13333523,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,JJ,"One step closer to seeing Xrd and Chrono Phantasma to PC.An iteration behind in the BB series, Extend is the CS that already includes all the DLC characters and introduces an additional one with bonus modes like abyss mode and etc. Port is pretty good with great optimization and has online which has a better netcode compared to Ultra on PC. Though old, the online and its various other game modes with definitely keep everyone busy until Xrd and CP come down the line. Definitely grab this if you're into anime/air-dash fighters."
,Recommended,294810,13322290,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,@aru,"To me, price is the only con.I've been playing BlazBlue for quite a while on consoles. I'm also super biased when it comes to ""anime fighters"". So here's my honest opinion: This is game is too fast and too deep. Everything in this game happens at faster pace than that of Street Fighter, if this is your first anime fighter, dive in with a friend, or into network mode. This game favors unrelentless fast offense, crazy combo mashing and occasional smart defense. If this sounds like something you might like, then get over here. But don't expect to be reading your opponents until you're sufficiently capable.Playing with a controller is the best idea here, or an arcade stick if you prefer. It's very hard to play competitively on a keyboard.There is a lot to learn in this fighting game and, while the tutorial mode is very extensive, it is -unfortunately- super boring. After playing through it completely, I had forgotten mostly everything. Playing with someone else made me appreciate the intricacies of this game. Just pick Stylish mode Ragna (this game's ""basic"" character), go to Network mode, and mash some buttons. Eventually you'll get used to the pace.Then you can dive into the Challenges section. Which will provide you with ways to inflict damage. If you need more, there is YouTube. And after that, you can head over toDustloop.comwhere anime weebs like me can teach you even more.There is much to be said, but nobody will probably read it. Characters are very cute. Some music is very good. Story is a big time traveling joke to me that would fit in any anime perfectly (points for that). PC graphical options are just barely OK. Nice improvement from CT. There's good online (finally). Game is not the latest version though. Too expensive when the sequel is going for around the same.In conclusion: Just buy this so the creators can bring Guilty Gear Xrd to PC. Which is what everybody really wants. Oh and this game's sequel too.PS. Play this in 720p or it's gonna look pixelated."
,Recommended,294810,18920150,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Zeta,One of the best fighting games I've played in a long time. Can't wait for Chronophantasma Extend to come to Steam as well.
76561198055297765,Recommended,294810,16238076,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,uncle hesh,"Would love to see BBCP on Steam, but this will do for now."
,Recommended,294810,13315237,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Pimp Daddy Llama,"Great, finally! Just buy the damn game so we can get CP ported already. Let's have some casuals sometime, lobbies are sometimes interesting.Edit* People just seem to not agree. SODIUM LEVEL, OVER 9000!!!!Edit #2 Screw CP, CPE Just announced! BUY NOW SO WE CAN GET THAT INSTEAD!Edit #3 Nope, just heard, drop CPE, CF NOW ANNOUNCED! I hate you guys at crapcom, I mean crapsys! Just give us the damn game already!"
76561197961181274,Recommended,294810,13326198,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Suredeath Hellman,"$24 (At the time I got it) was worth it IMO, It's got online multiplayer features, really nice art style and a badass 2d fighter setting. Full voice acting, great sound track.You should check out youtube vids this game is really good."
,Recommended,294810,13321729,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ecchigoya,Well I can say its a good portA sequel to BBCTHas 7 new unique charactersGreat art and storylinevery good fighting mechanicsAnd there's a multiplayer lobby which is sweetThough a bit old it's still enjoyable to playAtleast we have high hopes for BBCP to be ported on PCShould I recommend you this game? HELL YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,294810,13324344,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ShimazakiD,"At last, another instalment of this saga, let me tell you something, this, is one hell of a game, programed by the wacky people of Arc System Works, creators of the Guilty gear Series.Is fast, is combo focused, unique, with dozen of characters that plays diferent from each other (no shotokan clones thankfully), with a solid netocode, far better than street fighter 4, this is one of the best fighting experience you will have in PC, but if you hate anime characters, this game is not for you.For the rest, just to tell that de BGM is from guilty gear creator itself (daisuke ishiwatari), so lots of rock, heavy and speed metal tracks with gothic touches, that, alongside with the desing of the game itself, make this, a one of a kind experience.........Hope you enjoy this game.And to H2 interactive..........Hear us, this game, is a good port with a solid online code, but we want BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma 2.0 Extend next year, and if you can......Guilty Gear Xrd too..........thank you."
,Recommended,294810,14836200,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Holy_Sun,"SSS!!! This is The Greatest Fighting of My Life. Всем советую пацаны девочки. Ну о самой игре. Оно настолько пронизано эпичностью и пафосом, что остальные файтинги по сравнению с этим полное ***** (исключения: серия файтингов:Guilty Gear ну и всё по-моему). Потому что, в отличие от других файтингов (имеются ввиду те которые я играл конечно же)тут есть НОРМАЛЬНАЯ система боя которая очень хорошо объясняется в туториале - это первое. Второе - многообразие персонажей, во всех аспектах. Начиная с того как они выглядят и заканчивая  тактикой введения боя . История просто поражает, но честно для меня хватило бы и стори Хазамы /Теруми(Тролль от бога LOL). Нетворк прямо скажу... 0 дилей... и я нормально играю без лагов. Чудеса!!! А теперь о минусах - единственный минус... Жёстко запоздалое портирование.А так 10/10"
,Recommended,294810,13839851,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,2spookbike,its really fun and bang is the best girl
,Recommended,294810,19273563,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sparty,"Even though Chronophantasma Extend is out and the confirmed sequel Central Fiction announced for Japan Arcades, I still picked this up. Its the same as the console version aside from the video settings and personally I would leave them at their normal settings because the text and graphics look choppy upscaled. Also the multiplayer is dead as usual since a late release. I would still pick this up for story and casual play. You also get all the goodies from the limited edition.Buy it when on sale."
,Recommended,294810,13593474,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vitils,"There are two extremes to the game, you can either:Fight as the righteous underboob, hoarding off waves of weeaboos and neckbeardsorYou can fight as a faceless warrior, whose only goal is to destroy the one who will eventually destroy the earth.11/10 I paid thirty dollars to practice combos all day."
,Recommended,294810,13319821,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,jet27,"DOUBLE 10/10! TRIPLE 10/10! Game of eternity!Basically, it's an interesting and exciting fighting game, complete with AMAZING story, art, and music.You can either get competitive and serious about it, perfect your ""skillz"", ""git gud"" and go punch someone online or get nine-digit scores in every mode...Or you can focus on enjoying everything there is to the story, with its variety of fun characters, mind bending plot lines and unique contrast of epicness and humour...Actually, do both. It's good for both, don't miss out on anything.It's actually a sequel to ""Calamity Trigger"", but... that one had some issues on PC.And this has a recap of CT's campaing anyway, so just go through that."
,Recommended,294810,13467268,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nuuance,"I've been clamouring for Arc System Works games to come on PC for the LONGEST time. So many non-believers scoffed and laughed at the thought of porting to PC. I told them steam was ripe for it. We were right: Finally...we're just 1 step away from potentially Chrono Phantasma (Extend) & HOPEFULLY Guilty Gear Xrd!!! Omfg...if that happened....I'd be so ♥♥♥♥ing happy. I'd pay my $60 or whatever (hopefully $49) and go about my merry way practicing combos. Both would be heaven.But anyways review for this game? I've been playing Blazblue since Calamity Trigger, the first game was announced and I played on console. For a game period, the netcode on console was pretty damn good. As a port to pc and only the 2nd Blazblue port, there've been a LOT of improvements. Many bugs are gone, the game runs buttery smooth offline at 60 fps, and of course all the modes are included too. However, there are a couple relatively small issues:1. Not all resolutions are available.2. Apparently turning mic off for online ranked play isnt possible yet?3. netcode (for me) is very shotty (apparently other people say it's working wonderfully for them so good)There's a couple other things, but I'd say they did a good job :) learned from the mistakes of the first game, so I'm REALLY hoping the next one will be almost perfect. I practically harassed and always threw in comments related to pc for ANY ArcSys media or facebook post...I'll keep doing it until we get CP & Xrd...so lets do it!!!"
76561198038371482,Recommended,294810,13469579,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rat 13,"Never been a much fighting fan. But this game, this game is like OMG lads 'n lassies! Gameplay mechanic suited for EVERYONE! You can't do a complicated combos based on standart Arc revolver? Choose a stylish stance and you suddenly can. Or take standart technicl stance and play like most of the combo-fightings. Extrodanary story mode with tons of dialogs of every type: Extremely funny, extremely sad, extremely heartwarming, extremely brutal. EXTREME! Tons of content in gallery. mars attack for real hard core fans, score attack, abyss etc etc. Heh, now I know where Netherrealm took their inspiration for MK and Injustice (but those are like meh in comparison). And soundtrack is to die for!What even better, if you have some friends owning this game, or you're one of those competative kind, this installmen of Blazblue in steam have multiplayer (somewhat buggy, but comprehandable). Anyway, I heard ""Chronophantasm"" is somewhat better, but, and this is a big but: If you're not one of the folks who play on consoles, or you prefer keyboard over gamepad, or you want a great fighting game with a lots of content that you can just enjoy whenever. I strongly recomend Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extended. We'll see if Chronophantasm will make it into Steam, but right now this one is the best you can get... Unless you're one of those ""Gore and simplicity"" fan, then buy MK or Injustice"
,Recommended,294810,13326893,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Alien-Z.LeFay,HELL FANG!!!!!HELL FANG!!!!!HELL FANG!!!!!HELL FANG!!!!!BLACK ONSLAUGHT!!!!!ASTRAL FINISH!!!!!GG EZ WIN
,Recommended,294810,14537426,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Colonel,"While I cannot speak for plotlines motivated by breast size in comparison to the original, having spent the majority of my time honing my anime skills against the AI, Continuum Shift Extend revolutionizes the genre by allowing you to play as Makoto, who is the Best Squirrel. For this reason alone, I have to recommend buying this game, no matter what the cost.REVISION: I must make a major revision to this review. Upon further investigation, BlazBlue is a game that is true to what really matters. In this game, you can control Platinum the Trinity, a young girl on a quest to gain larger boobs. For this reason alone, it earns the Sax Otacolonel Platinum Badge of Boobs."
,Recommended,294810,13857414,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,skeeter boy,COUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTERCOUNTER(It's burnt in my head now...)
,Recommended,294810,14171752,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lazarus 💀,"Probably the best fighter I've ever played. Has tons of content offline, like a story mode and an Arcade mode. The characters are all unique in their playstyles and personalities and the story is well written. In case you haven't played the previous title, the story mode has a recap of the most important plot moments from the first game, so you won't feel like you're missing out.Despite the steep price tag, it's a game worth picking up, it offers tons of hours of gameplay online and offline and it has a great community."
,Recommended,294810,13322959,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Pudding Please,"I remember a little over 3 years ago buying a PSP just to play this game on the go. Really happy that this game came to Steam. A little more expensive that I would have liked it to be, but at least it comes with dual audio, the OST and the digital art book."
,Recommended,294810,16213006,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MystifiedFlash,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I put 40 hours into this game in two weeks.How does this happen I haven't even finished the story mode yet?I'll tell you how. People actually still play online and the achievements and variety of challenges and game modes this game provides are great to complete.Summary of this game:Unfortunately not the lastest Blazblue pc port, a pretty decent port I have no problems with FPS (max 60) .You can easily play with the person sitting beside you using the same keyboard (wasd and arrow keys).This game is a great time waster now introducing more characters and modes in comparison to calamity trigger.Modes available in the game are Challenge mode to challenge yourself to combos, story which is pretty self-explanatory, tutorial for the basics, arcade mode to enjoy each characters stories while enjoying the combat system, versus mode to fight against cpus or humans, unlimited mars to challenge yourself to the ultimate test of raging and masochism, abyss mode to travel through the depths of fighting endless waves of characters to make your character stronger, better, faster, gallery to buy things like artwork, replay theater to watch replays of online matches and such, and the network mode for online experiences with different people. There are story modes for all the playable characters in the games and extra chapters such as sector seven and the academy chapter to give more backstory on noel, tsubaki, makoto, tager, relius and kokonoe. I have yet to finish the story mode but there are a lot of replayable story modes to complete going through blazblue.Definite buy if the game goes on sale, lowest price is $14.99Overall 9/10- Great experience, great time waster, enjoyed it and was well worth my money."
76561198128929214,Recommended,294810,14176360,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Scrubplayer,"I wrote a review previously for this game a month ago but complained about one major thing that was missing from the port: the inability to view opponents' connections. You'd have to experiment with different rooms and players to see who has a playable connection with you and who does not. There was also no way to stop laggy people from joining your room either.However, the recent online patch has fixed this issue. What really makes me happy though is not that it's finally fixed, but rather that the publisher, H2, was actually kind enough to release a patch.But yeah, to get back to the general review:GAME OVERVIEWBlazblue is a renown 2D fighting game known for its stunning visuals and diverse cast of playable characters. Each character plays different from the next; you could be a god with a sturdy, defensive character like Hakumen but struggle with a puppet character like Carl. Each character has their own unique play style so choosing a main or finding the character that clicks right with you isn't very hard at all in Blazblue.OFFLINE CONTENTThere's tons of this. The tutorial does a decent job of explaining some of the game's basic mechanics and teaches you how to play Blazblue. It's kind of long, but well worth it if you're new to the game and interested in playing against others at a higher level. The game has a ""Stylish Mode"" for beginners who want to do combos but haven't learned the execution for them yet: it's a mode where you do small combos by just pressing one button so it's something quite nifty to have if you wanna just play this game at a party with friends or something. I do not advise you to use this often if you're trying to learn this game at a more serious level since Stylish Mode limits the players' overall options and makes the player do unsafe strings on block, which will lead to heavy punishes when facing an opponent that knows what blocking is.Arcade mode is like any other run-of-the-mill fighter where you face off against nine rounds of opponents before fighting a boss character who has enhanced attacks and specials and boasts higher HP. Story mode is quite long. If you're interested in stories typical of anime and don't mind doing some reading, then Story Mode is definitely going to be enjoyable. There's Abyss mode too where you fight waves of opponents but pick up buffs and attribute boosters that increase parameters like damage, defense, and movement speed, giving this offline mode the feel of an action RPG almost.Challenge Mode is what you'll most likely be doing after finishing the tutorial. It's a mode where the game teaches you a few basic BnBs which are your main staple combo routes. It doesn't exactly tell you how to utilize these combos in an actual match though - that's something you're going to have to learn for yourself through experience and watching higher level players. Regardless, it's still a mode you're going to spend a few hours in if you want to start practicing some basic combos for a character you want to pick up and learn. Especially if you are a beginner to fighting games, you will be spending tens of hours in this mode polishing up your execution in this mode and it's very well worth it.Training Mode is probably where you'll be spending most of your time offline if you plan on getting online. It's pretty standard as far as most training modes in fighting games go but is absolutely crucial if you want to improve or sharpen your skills. Besides combo practice, you can practice hit confirming by setting the dummy to Random block or you can practice your defense by utilizing the record function to recreate some sticky situations you might have found yourself in before.The game also has a nice little gallery where you can unlock artwork or stuff like new color palettes in exchange for in-game cash that you can only get by playing the game.ONLINE MODEThe netcode itself is good. The game is smooth as butter when playing against those who live in the same region. (3-4 bar connection) 1-2 bars are okay but it might be a bit more difficult to block things like standing overheads on reaction but besides that, are very playable. 0 bars are kind of a hit-or-miss. I'm a player from California and although my connections with Japanese players have been 0 bar this whole time, some JP connections honestly feel like 1-3 bars instead of 0. However, most 0 bars are going to be what the red bar suggests: barely playable to unplayable at all.What's also important to note is that unless you have godly fiber wifi or something, having a wired connection is almost necessary for playing online. The packet loss from playing on wireless can completely screw matches up even when playing against someone who lives right next door to you.The online community itself is diverse. There are players from many different regions inhabiting Network Mode so as long as you don't live in some really distance place like Antarctica, you should be able to find some decent connections depending on the time of day. Skill levels are also all over the spectrum so don't worry about hopping online and getting destroyed by everyone.Network Mode has two types of battles: Ranked and Player Match.In Ranked, your W/L ratio is tracked and you also gain these PSR points for your character at the end of every win; lose PSR at the end of every loss. You gain around 7-9 PSR per win and lose 2-4 PSR per loss until around you've played around 100 or so matches. From that point on, you'll only start gaining 1-2 PSR per win and only from fighting players who have a similar PSR rating or high win ratio. What's important to note however that PSR is only a rough estimation of skill; in no way does it actually determine if the player is good or not. While 750 PSR may be considered high and usually indicates that the player is decent, that 750 PSR player might have just gotten that number from farming off the same weaker players in Ranked or frauded their way to maintaining a high win record by disconnecting after every loss. That said, don't pay too much attention to Ranked in this game since you'll usually find much better quality matches in Player Rooms anyways.In Player Match, you can choose from a list of lobbies that can seat anywhere from 2-6 people. There are many options you can choose from while creating a room like reserving invitation slots for friends or setting the rotations to Loser Stays or Random instead of the traditional Winner Stays. You can allow for Unlimited Characters to be used if you ever want to mess around with boss versions of characters against other people or set the room to display a ""Beginners/Experts Only"" icon that will (hopefully) attract the kind of players you're looking for. You can also rename your room too for w/e purpose you want. While waiting for opponents, you can also go into Training Mode (same applies to Ranked as well).Player Matches are where you can find most people playing. In Player Match, W/L ratios are not recorded and there is no rating system so you're free to play however you want. Create a friend-only lobby or duke it out with some randoms who might very well become good friends, rivals, or even mentors to you.Overall, the game's online is good and there aren't any real problems with it anymore.10/10 game's a near perfect port of the console versions. It might not be the most recent in the series but it's still a solid stand-alone fighter."
,Recommended,294810,15924659,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Just fucked my PC,"Took a while to get to the land of tea and scones, screw you publishers, nevertheless, BBCSE was my first BlazBlue game obtained on the X360 and it has been a fast favorite of mine. It boasts no carbon copy clones, a unique range of characters, the kind of deep combat you'd expect from a 2D fighter and some of the best voice acting yet. Hazama's three voice actors (Erik Davies, Spike Spencer, Doug Erholtz, it's complicated yo) seem to delight and enjoy their role with the utmost of glee. To count: we have a heterocromic vampire protagonist with pretty much the weakest key to the world, an ice knight obsessed with said protagonist, a catgirl with swords in her hands, a valkryie-esque knight, a dude in a suit with a butterfly knife, a red devil, a werewolf butler, a gothic lolita vampire (she's umpteen dozen years of legal yo), a knight in armor with a big♥♥♥♥♥katana, three asstasstic female weapons, Travis WillingHAM, a shota with his robotic sister, a squirrel girl (DAT TAIL DAT TAIL DAT TAIL), a magical girl, and a shapeless blob of buggy onslaughts.Perhaps the only sore point is the graphics, which don't do so good at 1080p. The sprite art and backgrounds are crisp... if you play at the game's native 768p. Playing at any higher introduces scaling artifacts which detract from the stellar design. For this reason I suggest running it in windows or unscaled fullscreen.It also boasts over its younger brother (Nii-san!) the unmatched advantage of online play, and all the new CSE songs downloaded as extra content. The only sore point seems to be the price, pretty damn premium, but then again I did splash on the collector's edition on X360 so who am I to judge?10/10 Would 3C -> 214D-C -> 5C-> j.Cx5 -> j.214B again."
,Recommended,294810,17400354,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Honker,Where my god damn Blazblue Chrono Phantasma Extend !
,Recommended,294810,13332160,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,slyfuldragon,"This is a very good port of the 7th-Generation console versions. A seamless port if you will.New players should expect this to be a fast-paced 2D JFighter, so expect to chain combos after combos. This is not your typical Street Fighter (although it has the same fundmentals as all Fighters [Training, Challenges, Story, Arcade, Versus, Online Multiplayer]).Familiar fans should expect this to play very very similarly to Guilty Gear.Returning fans should expect no change.It was worth the full price on the 7th-Gen consoles when it came out and it is worth the -10% (or 20% for those that have Calamity Trigger), as well as the full $30 for this seamless port.Now all that is left is for us to wait for BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma"
,Recommended,294810,20966144,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Neko Ayakashi,"BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend is a super awesome and mega fun 2D fighter game, and is also the second of four Blazblue games along with a few visual novels called Xblaze. It has lots of characters and game modes with lots of nonstop action. It also has a great soundtract and fantastic artwork. There is also anime series based on the video game verrsion of Blazblue called BlazBlue Alter Memory. Each character has lots of uniqe moves and combos, and my most favorite characters are Noel Vermillion, Tsubaki Yayoi, Nu-13, Taokaka, Litchi Faye-Ling, and Rachel Alucard. This game also has a fantastic story mode that follows up with the previous Blazblue game, and is also a great game for fans of visual novels. Blazblue is also one my most favorite fighter game series along with the all the games in the Guilty Gear series.10/10 Super fun and mega awesome anime 2D fighter game with endless enjoyment. ^_^"
,Recommended,294810,13322822,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Professor Icepick,"Despite all of the complaints about this being an older game (indeed, its sequel has already seen a release on PS3 and Vita, albeit in an incomplete state), this port is brand-new. It includes all of the display options from the earlier Calamity Trigger port (which I was hoping for, in all honesty) and the gameplay itself feels as smooth as it did on the PS3. Netplay is also on-par with the console versions, which has led to some confusion due to the intense lag during the fight intro, which gives way to smoother connections during the fight itself. All-in-all, a good package.My only real complaint about the game would have to be its price: maybe Arc System Works or H2 Interactive could've offered a cheaper ""standard version"" of the game, that would've removed the digital art book and soundtrack and dropped the price by $10 or so, but it's a little late for that. I'd recommend any die-hard fans of the series who want ASW to port more games to PC to pick this up ASAP (the 10% early discount [20% if you own BBCT] definitely softens the blow). Everyone else may want to wait for a sale before picking this one up."
,Recommended,294810,32878415,Posted: 27 June,all,Red Saber,+ awesome fighting game with cool moves+ get to master combos+ deep and rich story+ cool new modes- nothing
,Recommended,294810,30365208,Posted: 6 March,all,Certenian,"BlazBlue Continuum Shift Extendis an updated version to the second installment of the BlazBlue franchise, which is a combination of 2D fighting game and visual novel. Its Character Roster consists of19 unique fighters.Each of them features a completely different playstyle and follows its own storyline, filled with lots of voiced dialogue and cutscenes.The game offers you10 different game-modesto choose from, which'll definitely keep you busy for a long time. I especially recommend looking into theTutorial-Mode,as it explains everything from the basics of 2D fighting game mechanics to the unique systems of BlazBlue.Storywise there's no fighting game that could even slightly compare. BlazBlue has built a huge universe around the so called""13. Hiarchial City Kagatsuchi"",that it'll get you pretty confused at some points. Fortunately there's a series of small episodes called""Teach Me, Miss Litchi!"",that'll help the player to understand the story and certain aspects of the game.Pro's- 19 playable characters- 10 different game modes- 29 unique stages- offline/online Multiplayer- enjoyable storyline- voiced dialogue- soundtrack included- beginner-friendly- teach me, Boobielady!Con's- game runs on 720p- UIBlazBlue Continuum Shift is undoubtedly a game I would recommend to anyone who hasn't played it yet. Its many aspects should surely appeal to a great variety of gamers, from fighting game enthusiasts to visual novel fans, eager to enjoy a well written storyline."
76561198011614926,Recommended,294810,13380627,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wily Westerner,"Blazblue features a great sci-fi story told via visual novel sections interspersed with the best 2D fighter gameplay I've ever experienced.Continuum Shift Extend contains a condensed version of Calamity Trigger's story complete with most of the memorable fights as well as minor beneficial tweaks, the entirety of Continuum Shift, and a few extra story routes not found elsewhere. Because of this, it makes a great entry point into the series for newcomers.The story takes place in a post-apocalyptic world in which society has already been rebuilt and futuristic tech that runs off magic has been developed. The lore is quite complicated, but most of it is explained in the non-canon ""Teach Me, Miss Litchi"" segments, which consist of light-hearted skits performed by super-deformed versions of the game's main characters. Having the lore explanations separate from the main game allows for the main storylines to move at a decent pace. As for tone, there is a serious story in the game that is told in a serious manner, but there is also an abundance of humour and gag routes in the series.The actual gameplay seems to cater to both hardcore competitive fighter fans and unskilled casual players (like me). Combos are easy to pull off and flow together well and the easy difficulty is rather easy. The game also features some more complex mechanics for the more hardcore fans and there is a ranked online mode so such individuals can really put their skills to the test.The PC version seems to play just as well as the console versions. The 16 song soundtrack features the songs of the new characters and the opening to Continuum Shift 2. The opening to Extend, ""Sōkyū no Hikari,"" and a special Ranga vs. µ-12 song, ""Pandora Tears,"" are missing while an instrumental version of ""Blue Bloom"" titled ""Spiral"" is included. The music mostly focuses on a mix of orchestral metal and a bit of pop. The bonus art is all highly compressed into one PDF file and I recognize most of it from the in-game gallery.Highly recommended to all but those who already own it on other platforms."
,Recommended,294810,13406798,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,EcchiPantsu,10/10 Noel's Armpits Are Delicious
,Recommended,294810,14660935,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LoreMasher,"Once upon a time...There was a boy, who liked to DPBut one day, someone just 5B > 3C > OD Lv1 xx dash 5D > 214D~66B xx dash 5C > j.C x 5 > dash 5B > 5C > j.C x 5 > 5B > 5C > j.B > j.C > dj.C x 5 > j.214B 'ed himHe never played this game again...WILL YOU AVENGE HIM?"
,Recommended,294810,19897274,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Robin Onslaught,"It goes without saying that this game is unlike any other fighter in the genre.  With 20 characters on the roster each with their own strengths and weaknesses, their playstyles couldn't be any more different or interesting and makes learning how to go up against each and every one of them a blast. The story of the game depicts every character in the game's side of the Blazblue storyline, which is actually really good for a fighting game, Abyss and Arcade mode are fun to just fool around in every now and again, and Challenge mode will help you figure out combos to use against your friends. All in all a very fun experience when I played it on PS3 years ago, and it's still a great game today."
,Recommended,294810,24509832,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,"I'd first like to make a small note of ArcSys that I'm frustrated with the huge lag between console releases and steam versions. Why no simultaneous releases? I do appreciate porting over the backlog, but let's get that stuff all ported and then get punctual with the new stuff, please?REVIEW:Blazblue CSE is a 2 player 2d anime fighting game from ArcSys that features local vs, online vs, and plenty of singleplayer content. Matches are tense and fast paced. CSE is not the latest version of BB, so I would recommend it only if you can't commit to the newer more expensive versions yet or want to play the story mode in order before the later games.I'd like to make special note that BB:CSE contains a remastered version of the first game's story (Calamity Trigger) which is very much appreciated."
,Recommended,294810,13992478,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Helios Leinheart,"When comparing the content in this game to that of the previous entry, it's no wonder Calamity Trigger was recently on sale for only a few bucks. There's a lot to do in Continuum Shift, and you'll find the hours slipping away as you get sucked in.Such as the extensive storylines with full voice acting. There's barely a time when you will be reading text without somebody speaking it. Not to mention the Japanese voice pack. Never before has a fighting game got me so invested in the characters with the story.I actually want to learn the details behind Carl's slow decent into madness and the story behind his puppet. I want to learn the story of Hellsing's past and where he got his werewolf powers. I want to know why Taokaka is so familiar with Litchi that she refers to her as ""Boobie Lady"".  To learn all this, you play their stories. And as you play their stories, you start to get good with the characters. This all translates into hours and hours spent playing the game. That alone makes the game a worthy purchase at full price.There are only a few minor problems with the game. There is no option to turn off voice chat when playing online, which leads to hearing feedback from speakers because people don't realize their mic is on. Also, you'll be hearing ""counter counter counter counter counter"" so much that it seems like a gross oversight by the developers to leave that in the game. As far as I know, it's not exactly vital information and can be done without. Yet, you'll still have to put up with it.I've never been very good at fighting games, but I attribute that to never getting invested in them because of a lackluster story or characters that I couldn't grow to like. Blazblue is the first fighting game that I've put the effort into learning how to play, and it's actually showing! Because I love the characters, the story, the voice acting, the music, and all the extra features put into the game. Not to mention, the extensive tutorial that was missing for the previous game has been a life saver.Man, I just love this game."
,Recommended,294810,13441485,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ᏰᏬᏕᏂᎥᎶᏒᏋᎶ™,Good 2D fighting game! ArcSys did a good port on PC. That gives us hope to see BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma Extend & Guilty Gear XX AC+R/Xrd on Steam in the future. OH YEAH!
,Recommended,294810,19978630,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cyn,"Take a moment, and pay respect to the company that ported this game to PC.This game is the 2nd in a series of 4 fighting games:Blazblue: Calamity Trigger*BlazBlue: Continuum Shift / Extend*BlazBlue: Chronophanstasma / ExtendBlazblue: Central Fiction / Extend(?)The feel of this game allows the player (Possibly you) to enjoy fighting games without combos such as Up, left, Diagonal right down, up, left... etc...The game has nice simple combos, Ragna's in my opinion make me feel like I'm actually reaching back for the blade on his wast and slashing foreward.Very enjoyable game, a pitty there's only one or two average skilled players left and a bunch of 50+ hit combo Koreans. (it's a joke don't get salty.)"
,Recommended,294810,16367880,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,⎛⎝ 氷竜 AeRo ⎠⎞,"Pretty amazing fighter, a must buy!, this is my first time playing a blazblue game and i like alot! love the soundtracks too!"
,Recommended,294810,13322674,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tobias,"Performance is good, netcode is good. ♥♥♥♥en buy it."
,Recommended,294810,14645392,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,i lived bitch,"1 of my favorite games of all time, to be honest.Aside from balance issues, the gameplay is solid. All characters have different playstyles, some are easier to learn than the others, some are harder, but still. What the heck did you expect from the guys behind Guilty Gear?Speaking of balance issues, a few characters got hit hard by the nerf bat. Rachel's got the worst of it, being low-tier. Tsubaki even got nerfed from her decent status in CS:II to CS:E. Some got buffed, but from my experience (I'll admit, I suck) it just kinda upset the balance a little.The music is absolutely awesome. The graphics are eye-pleasing to look at. The story is a bit... ehh... on the meh scale, I guess? It's kinda confusing and corny.The netcode's a bit awful, though. While disconnection doesn't happen that often, it lags a lot and if you happen to play a character that uses long combos like Makoto, I pray for your soul in netplay.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this game. It's fun.... now, back into the BlazBlue hell I belong, awaiting CP."
,Recommended,294810,13728419,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ishwar,"Story Mode would be enough to justify the price tag, but there's way more than that to this game.8/10 - I can't learn 'em combos, sad panda."
76561198045288489,Recommended,294810,15479882,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Papa Frank,Great game but the community is small. was one of my favorite fighting games on console. Hope they bring Xrd to PC too.
76561198038195300,Recommended,294810,16190570,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,RuisLeibänen,Probably the best fighting game ever in my opinion.
,Recommended,294810,16045389,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Closed,This game is the best game I've played in years
76561198037970790,Recommended,294810,13317671,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Hexeed,"Game running well smooth no problems at all, expect i had problem with network connection got it fixed by enable steam cloud sync."
76561198006203299,Recommended,294810,32684145,Posted: 23 June,all,Blake,I played this game on PS3 but I wanted to re-experience this marvel.An amazing fight game with an excelent story.
,Recommended,294810,15880332,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,BusinessPenguin,SO ♥♥♥♥ING COOL!!!!
,Recommended,294810,18384343,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Felixu,Taoaka best
76561198115151958,Recommended,294810,24923651,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,izazaozihaha,"Before playing this, you should consider playing Blazblue: Calamity Trigger. While this has a remastered story of CT included, it's best to start from the beginning anyway, and the remaster doesn't come without its issues, including writing, changes in certain voice cast, and glaring typos.Story: Amazing, but a little complex. There are things that no matter how easy you catch on will make very little logical sense. Other than that, the writing is very top notch; hillarious when it needs to be and emotional when it needs to be.Characters: Like with Guilty Gear, from the same creators, this has a very diverse set of characters, from a gun-toting, shy Norvis Orbis Librarium officer to a seemingly robotic samurai. You'll be able to really root for the main character, and love to hate the main villain.Gameplay: Not only are the characters diverse in personality and aesthetics, they're also very distinguished by their move sets. Namely their Drive move. From being able to charge up a heightned version of your own attacks, to compensating for a shorter range by letting you fly across the stage, to even being able to effectively parry and turn the battlefield in your favor, everyone has something different and great to bring to the table for different play styles. With it's diverse and very quick playing style, it is also pretty difficult to learn and, if you're not too used to arcade style fighting games already, very difficult to master with its complex combos requiring very effective timing.Sound: The music is unforgettable and epic, and the voice acting on either side (Japanese and English) is great. A lot of people have noted the changes with Bang Shishigami (from Tony Oliver to Steve Kramer) and Hazama/Yuuki Terumi (Erik Davies to Doug Erholtz) with some disdain. In my honest opinion, while Bang's voice actor change isn't for the better, Kramer does a good job at times where not much energy is needed. Otherwise, he does sound very strained and forced. The change on Hazama/Yuuki Terumi on the other hand is a different story to me. Davies originally sounds very goofy for Hazama and is hard to take seriously. Erholtz plays the role much more slyly, but still gives off being mostly human. Where Davies did shine before was with Terumi, letting the goofiness of Hazama take form of over-the-top hammy with the alter-ego. Erholtz isn't bad at all as Terumi, but he does admittedly sound like he's trying to hard to sound like Mark Hamil's Joker.Art: This is some of the best looking designs and artwork for an anime style video game. The use of 2D sprites is certainly to the game's advantage.Overall: There's a good reason why this was my favorite fighting game before Chrono Phantasma. It was a lot of fun single player and with friends, and it kept my attention with an engrossing, but complex storyline. It has flaws here and there, but it's very much worth a try if you're a fan of fighting games. If you aren't, then I highly recommend either viewing the story online or watching the Blazblue Alter Memory anime that focuses on the main storyline."
,Recommended,294810,13678415,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FoxOp,I REALLY REALLY LIKE THIS GAME
,Recommended,294810,26346249,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Azuery,"[EARLY REVIEW - 3 HOURS PLAYED]Already played it for 3 hours, and I'm gonna say that this game is very good.I am not into online multiplayer, so I'm glad that this game offers many single-player modes (story, arcade, abyss, unlimited mars).The mechanic feels a bit different from mainstream fighting games. Every character has their oen treat. You can't just use the same combo for every character. You need training for mastering each character (and so far I could only play ""properly"" as Noel Vermillion). It will take your time, but that's worth it.The story so far is fairly good. It is presented in visual novel-ish style between each battle. You can change the voice acting in either English or Japanese, so take your choice.So much modes, interesting character background amd story, heavy-combo combat system. This game is managed to keep me busy and entertained.8.5/10"
76561198093436513,Recommended,294810,28026214,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,saxonfinch,I bought this game because of the Anime and im not disapointed. its exactly as i expected an Anime Fighter with similar Story telling as Tekken goes. its not quite tekken but it is still a great Anime themed Fighter.
,Recommended,294810,16461902,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tossing Ankle High Rocket Sauce,"I really enjoyed my experience, even thoguh I got destroyed while playing as a Hazmat Suit.  My opponent just kept ♥♥♥♥ing turning into a shark.  The shark thing hit me and I got knocked up.  Then he just did it over and over again before I could get back up.  It was literally worse than a proxy 4 gate.  But I did enjoy playing as pudge."
,Recommended,294810,23468253,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,YoYuse,"Blazblue Continuum Shift Extend is by far best fighter I had Played on PC. It has moments and it's not perfect to say the least.Likes- The ost is Godlike. There isn't a single track I dislike. I find myself just listen to the music alone.- Stages are graceful appeal to them. Some best stages I seen in fighting games. None of them are boring.- GamePlay is fun and but same time somewhat tricky you can get hang of it rather quick. Don't worry learning combos Challenge help me a lot. I cleared  all of Hazama, Ragna and Jin in Just the first Hour or so.Dislike- There really Bad frame rate issues at first I had.  I mange but still at times it frame would drop like 33 or speed up to about 71. Luckly I got stick around 55 to 50.- The Story is a hot mess. Sorry. People say it's great...it's subpar at best."
,Recommended,294810,30825880,Posted: 29 March,all,DJHarmony,"This is a game that I have fought myself over for quite a while. It seemed like a cool fighting game and I knew some of the story and characters behind it, but I never thought to try it out until now. As far as fighting games go, this one has a steep learning curve with a lot of different combos and super moves. Starting out not having played games in this series before certainly makes skill progression difficult, but I'd say this game is worth it. All the characters are unique and memorable, the combat is super flashy and rewarding and the music in the background definately gets you in the fighting spirit. The story of this game is all over the place and barely makes any sense, but I guess that's part of the fun."
76561198041835319,Recommended,294810,18633547,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,EpeeSteven,"An amazing fighter with a cast of likeable characters, a harsh learning curve that's satisfying to triumph, gorgeouse visuals, fun combat, rediculously awesome jaw dropping finishers, and one of the best story modes I've seen in any fighting game which probably makes my top 10 for games in general. There's not a lot to hate aside from the often confusing plot and the forementioned harsh learning curve. But get passed those road blocks and I think you'll fiond something truely special."
,Recommended,294810,22744698,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Harley,"BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend, which I’ll refer to as CSE from now on, is a 2D fighting game by Arc System Works which has been on the consoles for a while, but was recently ported onto Steam for Windows following their success with their port of the first game in the series, BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger.GameplayA lot of people find it rather difficult to play fighting games using the Mouse and Keyboard setup, so the game does support controllers, along with local versus mode so you can play against your friends. When compared to other fighters such as Street Fighter, Blazblue’s mechanics are more complex and deeper so its not as great of a pick-up for players looking to learn how to play fighting games but like all things, if you’re dedicated enough to practice, you’ll be able to play the game no problem, though it may take some time compared to people with experience in other fighters. However, if you’re just looking for casual play with friends,  the game comes with a beginner mode, called Stylish, which gives the user one-button combos, similar to Persona 4 Arena’s combat system. ss+(2014-12-12+at+07.48.55)Whether you’re new to the BlazBlue series or fighting games in general, CSE offers a fairly in-depth tutorial on the game’s mechanics and general advice for each character in the game so players wanting to learn the franchise can do so without pressure in the tutorial and training modes.Other gameplay modes included in the game are:Versus – A standard 1v1 match against a friend or a computer.Score Attack – 1 player fights various computer controlled characters to get a high-score.Unlimited Mars – Score Attack with smarter bots and enemies have stronger and alternate abilities.Challenge – 1 player attempts to perform combinations of moves (combos) fluidly on a passive bot.Abyss – A pseudo-dungeon where players can buy upgrades to their characters to fight against regular and Unlimited MarsFor collectors, you earn currency to buy items with in the gallery, such as the boss characters from Unlimited Mars and the Story, artwork, and additional voice-packs. In addition to all these extra modes that provide plenty to do, especially if you’re still a beginner and have a hard time completing certain modes, the game also comes with a story mode, which I thought was rather long and text-heavy for a fighting game. Some people may like it, others probably won’t since fighting games aren’t usually known for their story. The story is fully voiced in English, also Japanese as DLC which is currently being included for free, presented in a similar style to visual novels, with the character model appearing on screen standstill, and occasional artwork.2014-12-12_00004The game’s main story is coherent enough and even gives you a playthrough of the previous games’ main plotline, but the writing itself made various out of place references to internet culture and was, in general, so bad that you hope they were trying to be ironic. They have to be right? No one could possibly think naming your main character The Bloodedge was a good idea. Right?2014-12-12_00005Apart from the main storyline, is a series of lore, entitled, Teach Me Miss Litchi!, which doesn’t offer anything in terms of gameplay, but creates some humorous skits and touch upon the world’s lore, which I admittedly do not follow very well since anything that has to do with multiple universes and time travel just flies right over my head.The game’s online is rather barebones, but functions without any major hiccups. The standard amount of settings for 1v1 versus like, the number of rounds, duration of each round, how many players can be in the lobby, who gets to participate in the next round, usage of special characters, and whether to make a private/public/ranked (to play for Player Skill Rating and earn a spot on the leaderboards) lobby are all included, but not much more.GraphicsBeing a 2D fighter, the game’s graphics were never that demanding to begin with so being on the PC doesn’t offer as much in terms of graphical improvements as it would with other genres. While it does output in “native” 1080p compared to the consoles’ 720p output, it doesn’t seem to do anything as the graphics both in-game and in the menus look identical to their console counterparts, even with Anti-Aliasing set to 4x (the maximum the game allows).Click on the image for a full-size view.Click on the image for a full-size view.The artwork and in-game backgrounds are very visually appealing, but doesn’t really mean much when the in-game character models and even the menus are so jagged.AudioThe game’s voice acting was done fairly well in both the English and Japanese dubs of the game. I thought the game’s soundtrack was really solid, but lacked variety as  pretty much every track in the game was a variation of fast-paced, anime theme song, so people who don’t enjoy that style of music probably won’t enjoy this game’s soundtrack either. The game’s sound effects were varied enough too so you have a good idea of what’s happening and won’t get confused by the verbal diarrhea that tends to occur when people start executing faster combos since all the game’s characters seem to love shouting out what move they’re using.VerdictOne of the issues of the game I didn’t talk about previous was that this was a port of a game originally released 4 years ago on consoles, with the DLC included in the Extend edition only being a year younger. In that time, consoles have already received the series’ next installment, Chronophantasma, which is likely to be ported onto Steam eventually as well. The game also carries a $30 price point on Steam while you could it for $20 on consoles rather easily.ProsA lot of game modesGreat soundtrack for fans of anime-style songsGood art directionA fairly detailed story mode for a fighting gameVery deep game mechanicsConsNot as many characters compared to other fighting franchisesCringe inducing writingNo real graphics upgrades from the console version so everything looks jagged and blurryNo variety in the soundtrackBarebones onlineOutdated gamePrice pointBlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend is an extremely solid fighter in terms of gameplay mechanics and the variety of modes you can play offline, however the game’s online features are rather minimal and despite the upgrade from console to PC hardware, no real improvements are made to the game’s visuals. The game is also a hard sell since the game’s price point is extremely high for a port of a 4 year old game, especially when you know the sequel is already out on consoles and probably will be ported to the PC as well. If you’re looking a relatively challenging, fast-paced fighting game and don’t mind the game’s cost despite being outdated, CSE is definitely a game you should pick up, and a solid:8/10"
,Recommended,294810,32850281,Posted: 27 June,all,Vulus,"Fighting games with anime story... can splitscreen multiplay but online multiplay was dead. If you are fan of BlazBlue or willing only play offline, this game for you.in my language:Game tarung2an pakek cerita anime visual novel... Kalo main bareng teman satu PC monitor bisa terbelah, tapi kalo main bareng orang yg gak dikenal diluar sana gak bakal nemu. Kalo om-om/tan-tan fans berat BlazBlue atau cuma coba2 mau main offline, boleh lah ini game."
,Recommended,294810,18967607,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Konoko,"A great fighting game, I really like it, and I like some of the characters (like Rachel Alucard), but I gotta say, I just kind of like Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus a bit better, mostly because I instantly fell in love with the characters there. Not so much with BlazBlue. Sure, I like one or two of them... but I can't say I love them. That said, their gameplay mechanics are all pretty neat. What, you thought I was talking about their abilities before?BlazBlue Continuum Shift isn't even bad. It's excellent, in fact. I really like playing as Noel, and I find the combo system to be fun enough, I also like the way that abilities work, and the way that you can chain a lot of them together. There's a lot to like about BlazBlue.Just, it would probably have made a bigger impression if I hadn't played the sublime Guilty Gear beforehand.That said, it's likely I am going to be coming back to play this game some more. It is, after all, excellent fun, and there are tons of gamemodes, not to mention the story mode."
,Recommended,294810,15860072,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Uzumaki Naruto,kawaii~~~♪
76561198000318945,Recommended,294810,13327342,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Trrcn,"It's not the best fighterIt's not the newest fighterIt's a flashy one we get for steam that's a couple years old, but poop it's a japanese fighter on Steam (which has working netplay)HOWDIDTHATHAPPENThe port is great and it doesn't take up many resources despite how good it looks.  I recommend it if you can get it under $30 seeing as you get a bunch of characters and a huge story mode with alot of voice acting and animation sequences."
,Recommended,294810,16078331,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,鳥 Bird,Sometimes people online use the English VAsChrono Phantasma plz
,Recommended,294810,19707216,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Trizo,"Excellent excellent fighter. Very different and fast-paced. This was my first and only BlazBlue game as of now and I am looking forward to playing more games in the series.There are only a few things that I can recall that I do not like about this game. All of which have to do with voices. Not to be confused with the voiceovers during a match, those are fine. The story mode drags because of the super slow voiceovers. The voice actors themselves sound great. But it feels like there was no forethought of how the lines would fit together and be paced in the game. It feels even slower than a TV soap opera. Also, the tutorial has the same effect except you can skip through it more easily. Yet you don't really want to blow through the tutorial if you're trying to learn it all... so the plus-side of being able to skip isn't very applicable. I can't emphasize enough how annoying the voiceover in the tutorial is, which is done by the character, Rachel Alucard. Her voice is fine, it's just that it is SO slow. As far as I saw there is no option to turn down just her voice or to turn it off completely. When you're reading along her voice usually lags way behind and it can trip you up when you read ahead which has the side effect of forcing you to follow at her snail pace. I'm not one to pick things apart unless they are really annoying. And the slow character voices... are really annoying.Everything else is freakin' awesome. Great fighter!"
,Recommended,294810,16041677,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bahzell,Good Game!
,Recommended,294810,14187465,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Super Sexy Solaire,"Awesome, just awesome the only word i can use to descirbe it."
,Recommended,294810,15632325,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Argenis,"If you enjoy 2D fighters, this game is a must-get. The earlier version is also a good deal with a slightly different balancing of characters, but all in all, they're close."
,Recommended,294810,15967192,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Melle,"if you like fighting games and/or visual novels then i recommend this game.PROS:+ its blazblue on steam minus the disaster that is the calamity trigger port+ this features all the dlc from CS vanilla so no additional purchases are necessary+ offers a lot of options like abyss mode, score attack and unlimited mars for single player+ story mode is engaging and engrossing. i prefer characters having individual stories instead of what CP did, but alas.CONS:- netcode is okay but there is an obvious lack of people playing- its not CP extend so you're not playing the most current edition of blazblue- if i lose to valkenhayn in score attack mode one more time i'll cryi would highly recommend that you purchase this game when it is on sale, however. the price tag is quite steep for a game that is 5 years old (2011 japan) and outdated."
76561197991556578,Recommended,294810,13376085,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gokudaimo,"Nice one fighting game. But facked up with lock-region in EU, steam Trade Cards and already dead online (not because of netcode, he's good actually). I hope, Arcs, next time you will be better."
76561198091677219,Recommended,294810,34794255,Posted: 7 September,all,Weary=Otaku,"TLDR: Awesome 2D fighter, online multiplayer, great story, Rachel Alucard voices the tutorial.The second installment of Blazblue taking place right after Calamity Trigger is rich in story like all the BB games as well as in gameplay and mechanics. With the addition of several cool characters, this game amps it right up from the original with improved mechanics, online multiplayer, and it also having a critical piece of the story which is connected between the 4 games. Definitely worth grabbing if you want to learn more about the story and/or add a great fighting game to the collection.EDIT: This game comes with a free soundtrack, so if you enjoy the music as much as I do, you'll enjoy having this on your phone/iPod/MP3"
,Recommended,294810,17122734,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,"Neptune, the Holy Paladin","Sit down, shut up. Play this game. It's great."
,Recommended,294810,19806918,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Matt,"Best Hazama, Great modes, and arguably a decent Burst mechanicGood game all around"
,Recommended,294810,19357385,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,-Yukkikaze-,"never thought how hard it was to play on a keyboard :( (no longer have my fight stick b/c reasons)It's a fun fast paced fighting game I'd recommend picking up if you enjoy that stuff.It has pretty amazing and fluid combat systems and sets itself different from your average street fighter game imo.It also has some pretty nice technical stuff that rewards the professionally and mechanically skilled players.I need not say more, simply just look up some blazblue character fights or combos if you are wondering if this is a good game.A good pro fight to remember was evo 2011 when Spark beat Lord Knight with his ""low tier"" hakumen. Twas a great moment in Blazblue history I will never forget...it was what really got me into fighting games in general when I first saw it.Personally, I already own the game on the 360, but I bought this game to support Blazblue Chronophantasm port to pc in the future (since I have yet to play that since I don't own a ps4)."
76561198118036816,Recommended,294810,17376141,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Xaunadu,"The game is pretty fun. Graphics are amazing, combos are smooth. There's a very rich backstory and really cool character routes to play through.The game does require a pretty decent gpu to run at 60 despite being a 2d fighter, and the controls/button mapping are a little annoying though."
,Recommended,294810,26754164,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Voidexus,gud game
76561198088245687,Recommended,294810,13330162,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ウイ「Uy」,"Too sad! my FPS too low...I played it on Asus Tranformer T100Before it, i can play Blazblue Calamity xbox windows version. I just thought this is version with more new characters :SI wanna play and waiting for this ver too much :((Steam can update lower option or smt like that, couldnt u?!"
,Recommended,294810,23594567,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,CyberII,"So far the best one of the three parts ported to PC, story-wise."
,Not Recommended,294810,26482124,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,(fail) feltcat,"When connecting a PS4 controller, all the bindings get mixed up, the in game option to rebind controls is awful."
,Recommended,294810,27935647,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Murai,10/10 best squirrel waifu
,Recommended,294810,16988294,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NyunNyun,"Awesome 2d fighting game that can run 60fps on my low spec rig. It could be difficult at first, but once u learn the basic and headed to challenge mode you will be fine in no time. They also have stylish mode for beginer or if u just want to smash button for fun.The artwork is great, if you like anime styled character you will probably like the character. It also has decent story with ingame visual novel style (8/10 for story).The netcode is working fine, but no1 play ranked match which is sad (where are you people??). People still play normal match though which is great.The only problem I have is the display ratio, since the game doesn't allow me to adjust the ratio, I use my monitor scale ratio which is sometime work and sometime doesn't. But it is not game breaking.Oh also good controller is very recommended for this game. Using keyboard is fine (not recommended) but of course a fine keyboard. Making a mistake is something you don't want in this game.new note: They will release Blazblue Chronopantasm Extended soon. If u want to enjoy the story u have to buy at least BB continuum shift. Do it!! JUST DO IT!"
,Recommended,294810,13349653,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BeijiWeng,10/10 Waifu Simulator
,Recommended,294810,20025070,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bernard,i lost all my friends but it was worth it
,Recommended,294810,19411470,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mikard,Anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for weebs and ♥♥♥♥. 9/10.
,Recommended,294810,13418906,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,cyxceven,"Runs beautifully in XP, despite what the requirements say.No special configuration was necessary.I am astonished.Code Mystics & SNKP, you could learn a lot from ArcSys & H2."
76561198167543988,Recommended,294810,14608158,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kazetan,You ShouldDIE !!!DIE !!!DIE !!!If you dont like This Game
,Recommended,294810,21137643,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Moook,"Catgirls, loli, magic, stupid funny dialogue. Just get it!Don't concern your fuzzy mind that can't focus on things for too long. The fighting mechanics are great, plenty of special moves to master and combos to learn. Even if you are super dense you can still pull off the moves if you enable shortcuts in room settings. XDXDXDXDXD"
,Recommended,294810,13917865,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Captain Dumbass,Anime fighters
76561198055743563,Recommended,294810,17423037,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Raffine52,"Maybe the Best Blazblue game, Even better than BBCP And CT.Oh, and the PC Port Is much Better than CT's."
,Recommended,294810,24720521,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,Squirrel Boobs.
,Recommended,294810,17806407,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ｊｕｓｔｍｏｎｉｋａ,pls BBCPE PLZ ;-;
,Recommended,294810,14203548,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,michaelmtv,Probably my favorite fighting game of all time.
76561198160868511,Recommended,294810,31796896,Posted: 16 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"The second episode of the Blazeblue series to see a Steam release,it features an awesome story,many interesting game modes ,a larger rooster of characters and an affordable price."
76561198019272841,Recommended,294810,13324875,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TheGranch,HALPJapan is crushing my soul420blazblueit/10 ign
76561197999408153,Recommended,294810,23980390,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,elwin,"I had a hard time deciding whether to recommend this or not. Ultimately, I think it's probably the best entry point into the series, for a number of reasons. It's just that... it's not Guilty Gear.Pros:* Gameplay is good. As far as fighting games go, Blazblue is way up there. Lots of complex mechanics, but nothing that will keep you from playing and learning on one of the easier settings.* Soundtrack is nice. Again, it isn't Guilty Gear, but I still think it's pretty good.* Voice acting is also great. If you can ignore some of the squeaky-voiced characters, like Platinum.* Loads of content. You can sink dozens of hours into this game.Cons:* Character design. It's horrible. Many characters just look like cardboard anime tropes. The female chracters are distractingly boob-centric, which is kind of cliche for an anime-esque game. Also, quite a few of the design are ripped straight out of Guilty Gear.* Plot. I don't know how they did it just two games into the series, but it's so convoluted I think a Marvel comics writer would have a hard time figuring out what was going on. That said, this one also has an easier to swallow version of the first Blazblue's story. So now, instead of being completely incomprehensible, it's just ridiculous. That still makes this game more accessible than the first Blazblue, though. The worst part about the plot? It moves inches at a time. If you're expecting anything major to happen plot-wise in this game, you're going to be sorely disappointed. So even if you do manage to wrap your head around this thing, there's no payoff to be had.Buy this if you liked Guilty Gear, but don't expect to be Guilty Gear, I guess."
,Recommended,294810,21909267,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Palyndol,My friends fear me in this game....It's because I'm a true gangster.
76561198337869136,Recommended,294810,31591677,Posted: 6 May,all,Kn!ves,Apart from the lag this was a very enjoyable game the story mode was great i loved the arcade mode and the bonus music make this game worth every pennyPS I wouldn't recommend this for those new to the blazblue series(you're better of buying blazblue centralfriction )
,Recommended,294810,13323333,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MiU,♥♥♥♥ing ice car everyday. 10/10
,Recommended,294810,13328695,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,! ?,bb
,Recommended,294810,17794716,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AomiN,_
76561198122773068,Recommended,294810,17870042,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GUTZDAGOD,good game
76561198093315279,Recommended,294810,17719115,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Davey,It sustains my weeb fighting game love. also tao is best grill.
76561198000890558,Recommended,294810,19665558,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CRiM,"Amazing, even if you don't like fighting games you'll probably enjoy this one."
,Recommended,294810,20668931,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,phantom150x,A quick wrap:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoB_MDSkHms
76561198067613729,Recommended,294810,14555749,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,CupcakeTofu,it gud k
76561198341148154,Recommended,294810,30739447,Posted: 25 March,all,Compa,"Compa's Desu Reviews :3im an amatuer review don't judgeI shall say this review in no more than just a couple wordsPLAN Great, you have alot of content and intersting characters*my personal favorites are Ragna The Bloodege and  Makoto NanayaThe story is deep and very unique i played this on ps3 and enjoyed every little bit of it.The abyss can use some workUnlimited mars is great for players up for a real challengeNetwork play *lets not mention it since the servers are as bad as laggy serversGallery is full of beutiful and s*xy art they are quit intersting *wink wink* well too stupidVersus mode and other core game mechanics work and respond wellUsing a ps4 controller is not the best option because binding the controlles are impossibleThe challenge mode and tutorials are great they dont hand hold very well but besides that there greatwhen playing this game you should just stick with the keyboard they are well bindidOVERALL this game can be a cheaper subsitute to guilty gear but it works there are flaws here and there but lets ignore some of themThis game gets a 7/Desu"
,Recommended,294810,19477472,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mirror's,Tager is my waifu.
,Recommended,294810,13461075,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,A great port.
,Recommended,294810,22606519,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Mʀ. Wʜɪᴛᴇ,*rebellion intensifies*
76561197996045131,Recommended,294810,29195364,Posted: 11 January,all,AncoPro,THE BEST ONE.
,Recommended,294810,13346883,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,dogbert'st,platinum THE BASED GOD
,Recommended,294810,24122209,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ix^2,Great game-nice songs-characters also-ehhhh idk-gud gud game+not so many people play this game theese days so dont but for multiplayerU CAN ADD ME FOR MULTIPLAYER HEHE :3yeye gud gud game for me i recomend
,Recommended,294810,14833688,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Jaffersin,The best part of rolling wakeup is the Makoto in your cup.
,Recommended,294810,25280040,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LGD.Shíntaro9819暗いマ,omg really very very nice
,Recommended,294810,16772635,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cocojam,"the game crashed when i went online because i had a space in my name, probably because it was copypastad from the console version where you arent allowed spaces or strange charactersbad port for a good gamealso wheres bb:cp"
,Recommended,294810,31500036,Posted: 1 May,all,KIADZ16,Honestly one of if not the best fighting franchises there is. The tutorial story gameplay and everything is amazing!There is one thing 1 hate i cant play with another controller so my friend and i cant play versusBut i still recommend it11/10 Trollobouros FTW!
,Recommended,294810,22566264,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,JustRight,BB is BB good game buy it
,Recommended,294810,13345505,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,darkbochi,"Nice port, works on my win7/64bit flawlessly.Please be gentle to your ears and switch to Japanese voices. It is featured as a free DLC for a limited time.The game itself is pretty good, it is well integrated into Steam. I could whine about how annoying the translations* are or online play rooms not showing the pings of the players, but I am not going to do that because this is the only thing good enough to keep me company while waiting for a Guilty Gear Xrd port on PC (if that is ever going to happen).*(Verbose text about your instructor in tutorial calling you a stupid piece of crap in every occasion, even though you hear concise, almost polite instructions in Japanese voice.)"
,Recommended,294810,13323486,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Decider,very anime
76561198053034419,Recommended,294810,25310228,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jannis,Ragna's dream.Not much to say.
,Recommended,294810,28675444,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DirtyDeedsDoneDirtCheap,Great game
76561197997530797,Recommended,294810,33257764,Posted: 4 July,all,Capitolidea,my friend kept throwing me in  purple combos as ragna and get his health back i hate this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,294810,22836195,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hehe xd,How I can give Noel my virginity when she become a robot!?!?!?!?!?!?
,Recommended,294810,13365990,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,⊹⊱⋛⋋Vampire⋌⋚⊰⊹,10/10 for me. i LOVE Blazblue and now we can play Online so that is good too :3
,Recommended,294810,15678303,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Prince,It's a gud game.
76561198071698217,Recommended,294810,31498972,Posted: 1 May,all,Lyle,blazblue continuum shift is one of my favorite games of all time and I highly recommend it for hardcore fighting fans.
,Recommended,294810,28684644,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ahwi,Platinum and Noel is Bae That is all
76561198051384176,Recommended,294810,18785717,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,(Played Ps3 version)A continue story version from Calamity Trigger.Has improvement from the last game.More interesting characters.Even more replay-value.Get tougher later on in the Arcade version.
,Recommended,294810,28773378,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrPooChew,anime round chest circle
76561197977198491,Not Recommended,294810,18790180,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ezekiel Rage[NL],Bought the game because i am a great fan of the series. unfortunetly the game is unplayable. the game keeps crashing at startup to the taskbar with a splashing sound. it's a shame this game isn't properly tested before release.
76561198018195311,Recommended,294810,13316555,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vulture,BlazGreen 420 blaze it
,Not Recommended,294810,13942748,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SodaQuasar,"I am sure the game would be great if it is working.. the problem is, it s not working for me and many other people.I bought the Blazblue Continuum Support Extend on STEAM two days ago. I installed in but whenever I tried to run it, the game will crash after roughly 10  sec after the application started, regardless if I skip the intro video or not. If mash the button to skip the intro, it will crash after I am in the menu title roughly around the same time period, otherwise, it will crash during the intro video playback....I am now aware that I am not the only one faced with this problem as there are many people in steam forum and over the internet who also had this issue. try google it.I also tried all suggestions I can find over the net:1) Steam validity check- shows OK,2)DEP adjustment- this is not possible as window does not allow it,3)ffdshow codec fix - I set fdshow to not run on BBCTE.exe,4)driver updates - done5) reinstall microsoft vc2005- done6)tried AMD catalyst tweak,7)adjusting the .cfg file to open the game in window mode .. )all done but still to no avail.  Still cannot get it to run properly...My PC specs should be good enough to run the game. So it should not due to the pc specs problem..Its really frustrating..I wont recommend this game to anyone until there s fix for these issues.."
76561198118752835,Not Recommended,294810,19899577,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Afro Got Handles,I see People love this game alot and ive tried my best to find ways to make mine run smoother but i cant i wish i could refund this game because its so slow i can run all these other game but not this just make make sure before u buy have a good computer.
,Not Recommended,294810,19900001,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Razor Shultz,Unplayable trash. FPS stutters even when offline and with graphics settings at the lowest. This seems to be a common issue.
,Not Recommended,294810,20805975,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MIWA-ZATO4KA,"Правда не очень, бл* буду."
76561198050160168,Recommended,294810,30964906,Posted: 5 April,all,Edgars,Its cool.
76561198010240322,Not Recommended,294810,18269097,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Someoneman,"While this game does fix the main flaws of Calamity Trigger (no online multiplayer, and local multiplayer is bugged and unusable), it is so laggy that I cannot recommend it. Even on a computer that surpasses the recommended specs, the game seems to run in slow motion, which ruins the experience. Not only that, but it is quite expensive, and the soundtrack, while great, is not worth the price.If it goes on sale for really cheap, I recommend buying it just for the soundtrack and maybe the story mode (if you're patient enough to play through the lag), but skip it otherwise."
,Not Recommended,294810,20170963,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kermit the Frog,"honostly probably the most unresponsive fighting game pc port...dont get me wrong the blazblue seireis is just f*ck*ng amazing in general but this pc port is just garbage hears why...UNRESPONSIVE CONTROLS ON KEYBOARD AND GAME PAD, MULTYPLAYER LAGS EVEN ON A COMPUTER WITH 3.0 GHZ AND 16 GB RAM WITH 1 GB VMEMORY and this blaz blue game is honostly just  bad because nothin changed from the previos game (i think 1 or 2 char. were added and  a new sound track and story...thats it so i say just save your money and buy the consol version ther just soooooo much better"
,Not Recommended,294810,19321230,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Neon,Play the console version
,Not Recommended,294810,20367497,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Devious Will,"This game sucked sooooo much, and its a shame I loved Guilty Gear but this... to me this is garbage"
,Not Recommended,294810,17124507,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,UROBOROSOS,Need to fix the button settings on arcade controller as this game can only be played with keyboard
76561198092202255,Not Recommended,294810,32580999,Posted: 19 June,all,Theman,"After tinkering with the game for about five hours, it keeps crashing about five seconds into the game. This might be the first game I have to get a refund for. They should not have released a game that so many people are having the same problem as I am right now. I definitely do not recommend giving your money to these people."
,Not Recommended,294810,20358162,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Casual,Doesnt work.....1000+ games work in my account. This one does not
76561198073295557,Not Recommended,294810,13463514,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,curtain1688,"After putting 20 hours into the game and tried to play ranked matches / player matches so many times. I have to say the PC version is just not as good as the console version. the single play is not even close as responsive as the console version, and the netplay lags often, including some minor bugs. Not to mention you can't even see other players connection status, so I always end up with players who are far away with terrible connection. The lag is just too much in multiplay. I may be biased because I only bought this game for the online play, but a fighting game is meant to be played by multiple people, and it is not so good if you are high level player who wants to perfect their combo in most matches.P.S. (Currently I have 57 wins and 7 losses in ranked with almost 90% win rate, and most games I played are just pure ugly....)"
76561198143916383,Not Recommended,294810,13829730,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mmmmhhhmm(0_0),Can't give a positive review if I can't play. Everytime I start the game my keyboard locks-up :( pretty sure it's a good game though
,Not Recommended,294810,15921754,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TruffleWolf,"Game is unplayable. Horrible stuttering, bad netcode, abysmal framerate. Avoid this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,294810,13946960,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Godamn_Milkman,As fun as this game is the port is pretty terrible. Unless you're jonsing for some BB and willing to jump through hoops to make your game play correctly don't bother.
76561198002357870,Not Recommended,294810,13651941,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Blackwind,I only play SF because they won't release this game either properly or with new versions.CT has a better port even if its Local.Will change this review if they fix it.
,Not Recommended,294810,16340592,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Captain Skelly,It's not Guilty Gear
76561198116949124,Recommended,294810,17102841,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,STAR,Turned me into a keyboard spamming maniac. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198194964699,Recommended,294810,16969323,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,kyro90,This is my first blazblue game and im definitely gonna get the upcoming chrono phantasma extend and I would just like to say this game is the best street fighter like game ever. Way better than mortal kombat and street fighter and it even has a stylish setting for people like me who suck at these kind of games to make you even better.
76561198089814974,Recommended,294810,18037270,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Arcader,"Best arcade game ever, super fast action and beautiful drawings a must for every fighter/arcade fan.also we all should support arc system works because we cant have enough of their games on steam.let us all pray for chrono phantasma and central fiction to name just a few."
,Recommended,294810,17417629,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Neno,"I primarily play the Blazblue games on console but this PC port is pretty solid. A fantastic fighter for both newcommers and veterans alike. Comes with a visual novel story complete with a ""remastered"" story of the previous game. With the stylish system any kind of player can get into this game and just enjoy the visual novel."
,Recommended,294810,17657584,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tolerant,"Its BlazBlue! Its Screscent Moon! If you like fighting, if you love charismatic anime old-fashioed characters,  and love some hardcore in fighting - you ALREADY know this game, so stop watching comment and thumbs this Game up)If you still haven't tried it yet...remember the time when games was well made, hardcore, and not forgiving to player, and dive in this game already!"
76561198065212511,Recommended,294810,17525991,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,403shot,FAVORITE GAME
,Recommended,294810,17629737,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kurumi Ur Waifu,Great Fighter Game
,Recommended,294810,17873243,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Frosty Weavile,I can't Wait Until The next game is released !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198121069979,Recommended,294810,17817552,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Just Kel,"I had this game for the Xbox for a long time before switching to PC and I was really excited to see it in the Steam store. Same great game as I remember and I can still play with my controller so yay! But a word of warning, I don't know if it's just me or not but the game likes to crash if you ALT+TAB. It won't always crash on me but it does it often enough to be annoying. Still, I love Blazblue! <3"
,Recommended,294810,17137877,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Wrath,I practiced this game with my friend for a while. I went online and felt like my controller wasnt even plugged in. If you are willing to commit the time it takes to become literate with blaz blue's intricate combat system then I HIGHLY reccomend it. If you are a surface level fighting games fan stay away 9/10
76561198111380793,Recommended,294810,16893582,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Xenomorph,"Nice game, i love this! this is all i wanted to play. full anime game Very Nice!"
,Recommended,294810,16643698,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Celestial Cat,"Basically how it goes:THE VEEL OF FATE IS TURNINGREBEL 1ACTION!1!""Button mash to your hearts content""""Blame lag and bulls*** AI when you loose""10/10 would blame anyone but myself on losing"
76561198020804963,Recommended,294810,16817948,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SuperEyeShot [PHC$],"Well , what we got there ? Continum Shift Extend ? Wow , everybody believed it would never be released ,  and i have currently it in my library . As a great fan of the first game , BB Calamity Trigger , i will be quick on the pros of one of the greatest fighting game ever made :Pros:-a technical , and yet easy-to-learn gameplay . Lots of combos and strategies , but beginners won't be lost.-BBCT lacked of characters  , but with this game you get the double of playable characters ! ( and each of them are unique and full of charisma : contrary to other mainstream fighting like Street Fighter , the fighters have personnalities and you can see it simply through their sprites and animation ! ( i particularly appreciate Hazama , the great evil of this sequel ^^ )-A long , rich story mode , full of humor and serious plot ( but only if you love japanese anime like me ^^ )-A bunch of contents , like CGs , videos , modes  and so on.-Oh , and about the musics... They ROCK !! every character have their own ost , and some special ecounters (ex: Jin vs Ragna) have their unique battle theme . One of the best ost ever made for a fighting game ( but hey , ACS also made the Guilty Gears series , they know their job when it deals with making rock , metal epic themes )-2d sprites are beautiful , the 3d backgrounds too and the design of the Blazblue world is somehow unique in its type-And the best for the end : ONLINE MODE ! missing in the first game , network features come back in this sequel . And now that they fixed the early issues , it works perfectly.Cons:-The story is  complex and hard to understand , even though you played the first game ( but the story remains great ,and worth it )-You must appreciate mangas / anime design ( i know not everybody appreciate it ... )-Some bugs from times to times- That's all !Conclusion : CCCSE is an upgraded version of the first BB game : more characters , more features , online mode , solid gameplay...The game worth it's 27,99 $i will give it a honorable 9/10Now let's just have fun fights while waiting for ChronoPhantasma Extend , the third and ultimate version of the BB series !"
,Recommended,294810,16062464,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,iNol iGunggung,The tutorial is amusingly condescending & mildly offensive in a passive-aggressive manner. Friggin' awesome!
,Recommended,294810,16574256,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Yanahma,"This game is monstrously huge - 19 characters, a story mode whose length is probably double that of most Steam-VNs with some fully animated cutscenes, several single player modes that aren't just arcade and survival (there are some mission modes too). On top of all that, the gameplay is absolutely excellent.Also there is a magical loli with a big staff. SOLD."
76561198036876035,Recommended,294810,16574917,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Izanagi,Honestly the best fighting game i know with a semi-difficult battle system to figure out but its simple and layed back fighting gameplay and its accually hard to make legit combos(Use Controller or all hell will break loose) i look forward to the next installment(Hopefully BlazBlue Chronophantasma Extend instead of regular CP) i love this game!
,Recommended,294810,16577421,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Orochius,"""You idiot! DIE ALREADY! SERPENTS INFERNAL RAPTURE! OUROBOROS! Come on over & lets play... Die die DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!!!"" Multiply effect by 27. 11/10 would kill again.Now please, bring us Chronophantasma before I kill one of you."
,Recommended,294810,16578808,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Skyrius,Enough Chinese Cartoons on my Fighting game for my taste10/10
76561198131519050,Recommended,294810,16684281,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,RamenBean,A fantastic addition to your collection if you enjoy fighting games or if you want to get into them.Buy this so we can let them know that there is a market for fighting games on PC.Currently waiting for Chrono Phantasma to be released on here.
,Recommended,294810,16688942,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bae-koku Bokan,Very dynamic combo system and very fluidic combat. This has become one of my favorite fighting game series.GJ Arksys
76561198066322649,Recommended,294810,16278897,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Illya,Love it10/10One of the better anime fighting games IMO
,Recommended,294810,16312682,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Farqa,"I've always wanted a fighting game featuring Squirrel Girl from Marvels Avengers, the Phantom of the Opera, and Al Capone from Baccano."
,Recommended,294810,16314611,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Redey59,"Considering my additional playtime and the fact that the game is on sale at the moment, it's about time i'd write an acctual ""review""Pro's:+Good netcode.+Long and very good story mode. (all characters have a story mode, combining for 3 seperate endings per character and then a final ""True"" ending)+Very good, although lenghty, tutorial for newcomers+Insanely good soundtrack which comes free with the game, for examples search for ""Sword of Doom, ""Active Angel"" or even the main (astral finish) theme ""Shinsou""+All characters differ by an insane amount which is mostly due to the unique ""Drive"" attack each gets, from Rachel flying all over the stage to Valkenheyn's different stance to Platinum's weapon switching, they all differ alot and there aren't any exceptions on that.+""Unlimited"" characters, every character has a ""Unlimited"" mode which boosts their already existing abilities to a completely new level (the closest comparison would be SF4's ""OMEGA"" mode)Cons:-Silly losses in the story mode, sooner or later you have to fight someone that lore-wise is way stronger then the character you will be playing as, but this isen't notable in the slightest in the fight itsself so as a result you can get a perfect and then launch the enemy straight through a moon just to see your character get killed by the beforementioned enemy in the very next cutscene.-The higher difficulty A.I loves being cheesy.-Rather low playercount, this is easilly the biggest problem i have with BBCSE, i can find players rather quick (2to4ish minutes) but it's still noteworthy (for the playercount,http://steamcharts.com/app/294810, it's more then what it shows since it doesent take players into account with private profiles and the likes, but it's still not on the high side)Summary:Blazblue:CSE is, atleast for me, tied for my #1 fighting game (the other being Skullgirls) thanks to the amazing characters, gameplay systems in play and the amazing storyAs a result, I have absolutely no doubt in recommending itPS:I play on my laptop with keyboard controls whenever i'm not at home, it's far from perfect and some characters are absolutely unplayable for me (Tager i.e.), but for the most part it get's the job done."
,Recommended,294810,16027585,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kurisutina Oak,Fun game thus far and the graphics are quite interesting and detailed for a 2D Fighter. =) Worth a purchase while it was on sale. Can't wait to play with friends.
76561197969716865,Recommended,294810,15911852,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Daln Suraye,"This is seriously one of the best fighting games I've ever played in my life. It's complex and yet balanced and approachable at the same time. And it knows how to tell a good story with such a big cast, something that 99% of fighting games just fail spectacularly at. I also like how they include a fully playable retelling of the first game, Calamity Trigger, plot. Bottom line its a great game. Definitely worth it."
76561198107461851,Recommended,294810,15986732,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Blaxzagan,Black Onslaught!Black Zagan!Nightmare Rage!Destruction!...my life is now completed.
,Recommended,294810,14941438,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Captain Joseph N00bius 666,This is by far the best fighting game I have ever played in my life.  The game is a rare gem that earns top scores in every way possible. The game has a very deep and compelling story which is unheard of in most fighting games. The game features hand drawn 2d sprites for every character that are absolutely beautiful. Mechanically every character plays drastically different from each other. This is game is very well balanced and polished to the point of perfection. The amount of depth in this game's fighting system  is so vast that you can pull off some of the most intense matches you will ever have in a fighter. There is also little things added to the game to make it special. There is hilarious gag ending for ever character scenario besides one character. There is a massive art gallery where you can look at fantastic art work and listen to this game Awesome soundtrack. This game has loads of entertainment value to the point that it will never bore you. This is one of my all time favorite video games and I highly recommend  it to anyone remotely interested in fighters.
76561198154512255,Recommended,294810,16010855,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Thug Life Bunny,"This game is awesome, Best soundtrack,Best story, and Best arcade that i ever play its worth it"
,Recommended,294810,15928355,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,OptimusPavlos1,"Long time USF4 (street fighter) player here, didn't really know much about this game but was pleasantly blown away. One of the best tutorials systems I have ever seen helps you get in the swings of things fast. Stuff like practical combos are included internally. Incredible visuals and I quite like the character design. If anyone know what street fighter is like combos are far easier to perform and tend to get pretty large. Really good netcode I find even 2 bars gives me silky smooth gameplay. Even better it has an actual player base, on week days expect 2-5 rooms which is quite great."
,Recommended,294810,18366438,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,i hope i dont continuum to buy these games
76561198106059061,Recommended,294810,18337521,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dougnut,Best Fighting game with an awsome extensive story
,Recommended,294810,18253423,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Hachiroku,Makoto is my waifu.
76561198026049947,Recommended,294810,19300254,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,juanlandeo,I love this game.
76561198096560985,Recommended,294810,19275794,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rafa,"Its blazblue what do you expecta fighting game that instead of punches and kick.they use weapons, which makes it more interesting and unique.each character providing unique mechanics-has calamity trigger story and continuum shift storyLOVE THIS GAME"
76561198165385555,Recommended,294810,19351351,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sol Bradguy,"I know I don't have many hours on the Steam version, but across all platforms and different games in the series I've sunk literally thousands of hours into BlazBlue. Its great story, amazing characters, fast-paced and relatively well balanced gameplay, and deep mechanics made it my all time favorite video game series. As much as I love and recommend the series, I'll give you a few warnings though:The story is really big and complicated. Even though this game has a bonus story mode that sums up the events thus far, it's still pretty hard to follow. I recommend taking a look at the wiki if you're interested.It's pretty tough to learn and very hard to master, especially if you're new to fighting games. Particularly so if you're looking to master an exceptionally demanding character like Carl or Arakune.This is not the newest version of the game. In fact, there are two more versions of the game past this (BlazBlue: Chronophantasma and BlazBlue Chronophantasma: Extend, neither of which are available on Steam yet).That being said, I can't recommend this game enough. In my opinion this is the best fighting game series ever made and if you're even remotely interested in the genre I think you should give it a try!"
76561198164782953,Recommended,294810,19226314,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,lilspideykid,"I was hesitant to give this game a thumbs up. The actual gameplay/combat is exceptional, and since its a fighting game that (of course) matters the most. But I really wanted to give it a thumbs down because of how absolutely terrible the story mode is. It's like watching a particularly terrible anime, and you have to deal with shuffling through hundreds of dialouge boxes just to get through it. The voice acting is irritating, and I know that they over-act on purpose, but that doesn't make it any better. Just like a lot of anime there are a bunch of made up words thrown in your facee to make it seem like the plot is well thought out and or complex (but its not). All of the characters are rehashes of over-used cliches. The dialogue is awful, but it's not even bad in a comedic way, it's just painful to listen to. I found myself skipping past entire conversations between characters without any consequences because again, a lot of the dialouge is pointless. Was the story worth my time? No. Did I enjoy playing through the story mode? Not even a little bit. The A and RT buttons on my controller are broken from how much dialouge I skipped. Is the actual fighting fun? Yes. And it is a fighting game after all..."
76561198180584234,Recommended,294810,20841403,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,mdm356,"The game is simply superlative. As a newcomer who never played the Blazeblue series, the game proposes an excellent tutorial and well-put together character lineup that allows people to experient thr full extent of the Blazeblue universe. Furthermore, the stage design is amazing and truely gives off a vivacious feeling when fighting in addition to the upbeat music that plays during the fights. I simply wish that the combo system was a bit more intuitive, but overall the game is marvelous and I would reccomend it to anyone who has an interest in 2D fighting games."
,Recommended,294810,16413952,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Altaï,"tl;dr further down, yo.An excellent port of my favourite fighter! Mad props to the devs and publishers for finally releasing this gem on Steam. ♥Each fighter utilizes distinct mechanics and play very differently from each other, which makes for an extremely complex yet very comprehenshible combat experience. For example, Iron Tager canmagnetizehis opponents to draw them in close. Rachel Alucard deploys traps around the stage and brews upwindto manipulate position and momentum. Platinum the Trinity cycles between a range of different weapons and Arakune aims tocursehis opponents in order to deal extra damage with a swarm of insects.BlazBlue: Continuum Shiftalso features a couple of game modes designed to teach players some proper mechanics, such as an extensive hands-on Tutorial and a demandingChallenge Modewhere you can train combos and learn all about each fighter's unique quirk and play style. Even though BlazBlue can be very demanding when it needs to, it is still fair toward new players, both to the game itself and to fighters in general.Personally, the most pleasing aspects of the game lies in its gorgeous visuals and charming narrative. Though the story is your typical run-of-the-mill anime (science vs. religion, WW2-alluded cataclysms, obnoxious lolis, catgirls, scruffy men, technobabble etc. ad infinitum) the narrative truly shines in the BlazBlue's well developed characters. In the game's visual novel Story Mode, most of the fighters express striking personalities and quirks beyond their stereotyped exterior, and their relations to each other are reflected in almost every single aspect of the game.Among the few peeves I've experienced is that some of the English voice actors are replaced in certain parts of the more recently recorded story/arcade dialogues. This, at least to me, breaks immersion quite a bit. A second issue is that the story can be unnecessarily convoluted and if you haven't played the first installment,Calamity Trigger, the plot can prove extremely confusing even though it's not very deep at all.Another double-edged sword is the ""Stylish"" input mode, which allows inexperienced players to execute combos without effort. Though this can be convenient in Story Mode where you just want to blaze through the action with a character you've never played, it backfires miserably in Matchmaking whensubhuman trashrookies mess your heck up even though they haven't earned that skill. Even I, a lowly noob who cannot even manage a single proper combo (...), valiantly avoids using the Stylish mode for this very reason. How else could I properly improve?The only thing missing with this game is YOU kicking filthy casuel♥♥♥♥♥(including me) in Matchmaking. In this writing moment, only 30 people are playing it! How can this beee!?Now let's just wait for thesequelto get a Steam release as well! (Pleasedon't forget Europe this time...!!)tl;dr: Fantastic mechanics, likable characters, killer soundtrack and plz releaseChronophantasmaomg"
,Recommended,294810,16268030,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kshinsei89,"I can't say enough of the BlazBlue series, the younger cousin to Guilty Gear.. Tight controls, intuitive mechanics, diverse selection of characters for many different playstyles. You've got your fast rushdowns, zoners, grapplers, puppets, and more. Every character is unique. Every character has a decent chance at winning against everyone else. The only one who seems to be at a disadvantage is Tager against good zoners and range. However, he is still deadly upclose and can quickly turn the tide. There are no clones here. The only exeption is Nu-13 and Lambda-11. However that doesn't really count as Nu-13 is only available as Lambdas unlimated form and isn't tourney legal. Moving on, the story in BB is surprisingly engaging for a fighter. Continuum Shift expands on the universe laid out by Calamity Trigger. Now, when I played CT, I was a little confused to what the actual ♥♥♥♥ is going on, but CS cleared all of those questions up while, naturally, leaving its own wtf is going on moments for the next game to answer. Also, to those who skipped on CT, CS includes an abbreviated version of CT. My favorite parts of the story are th gag reels. My personal favorite gag scenes being for: Relius, Arakune, Tager, Bang, Noel, Valkenhayn, Rachel, and Ragna. As for my favorites to play: Jin, Tager, Hakumen, Nu-13/Lambda, Makoto, Litchi, and Hazama.Now hurry up and give me my Chronophantasma! I need my Terumi fix!!!!! And Kagura looks awesome as hell!"
76561198069131730,Recommended,294810,16195898,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,☭ SakDaddyMyers,THis game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,294810,16078829,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Larry E.,"Fighting mechanics are smooth and fun, decent amount of playable characters. One thing I found cool is the story mode has an individual story for each character, albeit the story mode is more of a visual novel with several fights thrown in.  If you are more prone to button mashing than learning combos, the game has a ""Stylish"" mode, which lets you execute complicated button combos by simply spamming any key. Overall, I really enjoy the game. It has a unique story with likable characters and fun combat."
76561197998239455,Recommended,294810,15027465,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kharyus,"This game has 2 sides to it, it has a -very- robust Story mode for those who are not willing to compete or do not really enjoy the fighting game aspect of it, which i will not be getting into, and on the other it is one of the most complex fighting games i have ever played.I do not intend to go in full details but i feel i must explain why i claim it's one of the most complex fighting games i have ever played. Note that i do not mean complexity as something necessarily good or even bad, it is what it is.Blazblue has a lot of bars and mechanics that by itself already makes a person familiar with the genre feel a little disoriented. Each player has acess to a heat gauge(super meter), guard primers(when a player runs out of it, he/she gets crumpled), barrier gauge(it allows you to defend more attacks on the air, and to completely deny chip damage), up to 2 bursts(when used breaks the opponent's offence by sending him flying horizontally, or if he is not currently attacking you, a gold burst will go out instead sending him flying vertically allowing you to follow up with combos) and a character-specific gauge. The heat gauge can be used to perform ""rapid cancels"" which recovers your attack instantly allowing you to perform otherwise impossible combos, the usual supers and and ""astral heats"" to instantly kill your opponent in anime style under very specific circumstances.Now that the bars are off the way, the game has a great deal of complexity in it's inner mechanics, i'm unfortunately not the guy that will be able to shed all the light on this subject since i am not very familiar with it myself, but i will at least try to acknowledge its existence to anyone that happens to read this.First of all, links in this game are not really a problem, i could easily feel this when trying to do combos and the links would just come up very naturally, without having to put hard effort into them like Street Fighter 4 needs. That's because in this game if you hold the button you have 5 frames that the input will still be active instead of 1, and i never had to actually hold the button, my finger by itself probably stayed for 5 frames just by pressing on it. Now, i know that this might be seen as something that makes this game ""casual"" by those who have mastered games like SF, but that couldn't be farther from the truth, the game it's still very challenging and very deep, i might even say that is absurdly so. This mechanic to me feels like it was developed to make the player focus on actually playing and learning the game instead of memorizing and mastering strict timings.Combo scaling in this game is not as simple as putting a percentage to the the number of hits that have ocurred. I still do fully not grasp it, but something to be aware of is that by doing the same attack twice in a combo will cause it to drop not only it's own damage considerably but also all the following attacks'. Another thing to be aware of is that the hitstun is based on how much time has passed since the start of the sequence and which attack was used to start it.In Blazblue, after being released of your adversary's combo you are not forced to stand, if you want you can just stay on the air/ground which allows him to continue attacking you, but making vortexes and setups something easier to be dealt with. If you do want to wake up you have a lot of methods. You can do it on the air, by hitting the ground to perform an emergency roll which is pretty safe, rolling horizontally while on the ground so you can distance yourself/move to your enemy's backside(which is also an alternative to get out of the corner), or by just getting on your feet like you would in real life. One must be careful because some of those alternatives are vulnerable and can get you in even more trouble if not used properly.As a minor note, backdashing in this game has invunerability as it is to be expected, the majority of the cast having 5 or 7 frames, with Tager having 19 invun frames in a 23 frame duration since he is a grappler.Mental note: If i want to recommend another game, just write something cheesy and call it a day."
,Recommended,294810,15057626,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Skylynx,"I have loved the BlazBlue series the start, and this game is probably the best out of the series with it introducing new characters, stages, story and even more songs. Like the first one the sprites are the same however slightly different, with more colours and more moves!The story to Blazblue and beautiful, stunning and drop dead gorgeous. The story follows Ragna, however once you finish the intro you can choose from few characters and after you finish their's you can unlock the rest, but it is the back storys of each character that leds upto Ragna.This game features English and Japanese voice actors (They are the only ones I use), both sides to the voice acting are pulled off so well. Each character has their own personality and styles that really makes these characters original!Blazblue is my favourtie fighter of all time, it is worth it, trust me, you'll get your money's worth!"
,Recommended,294810,15247867,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Akuma no Shikaku,"It`s really great fighting game! In spite of time passed Guilty Gear , Blazblue`ve become awesome reciever of ARC fighting game series.+exciting plot+good humor+colorful characters+ineresting locations+multiplayer+exp system-bad looking(3D) Astral finish"
,Recommended,294810,16396903,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Firefly1009,"This game is awesome. Very solid fighting game mechanics, very deep yet hilarious story, and very fun to play."
76561198165276176,Recommended,294810,14860946,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kylebr92,"Totally worthy the price if you are a fan of 2d fighting games (and even if you wanna try for the first time).However, there are some issues with the optimization. Skyrim and Bioshock Infinte run smoothly on ultra settings in my laptop, but I had to turn off the antialiasing and lower the resolution to get 60-61 fps playing this game (which drops to 50-49 during some animations). I didn't have this problem with the KoF XIII."
76561198134030862,Recommended,294810,14382496,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AKI,"Relegating best girl to trash tier.You're going to carry that weight, Tsubaki."
,Recommended,294810,13723542,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SillyPeruvian@PSN,I keep trying to use CP moves. Great fun when I try to OD and instead end up bursting them away (or nothing at all.)
76561198087467705,Recommended,294810,19155220,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Shinji_X,"This may not be the latest BlazBlue game, but this game is one of the best fighting game I've played so far.Great variety of characters with different playstyle. Awesome soundtrack.Great Story Mode which took me about 50+ hours to complete, and the Challenge Mode teaches you how to perform the character's moves & combos.I highly recommend this game to those who love anime fighting games."
,Recommended,294810,19405591,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SogeBrosky,"If you hit your opponent with your bloody fart, you can mash buttons to send a swarm of demon bugs to decimate him/her and get a super high combo that makes you think you're better than you actually are"
,Recommended,294810,19564554,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Heck,Boobie Lady and the sweet embrace of best girl Makoto.What's not to like?
,Recommended,294810,19576922,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,The Bleeding Bread,"An absolutely amazing fighting game, BlazBlue: Continuum Shift is great in both mechanics and storyline. That's right: Storyline. It's odd for a fighter to have a 25+ hour story mode, but this game has that. And it's not just fluff. The story actually connects the players with their characters, and every character has a separate set of story chapters. To experience the full Continuum Shift, you have to play as every character."
76561198157034232,Recommended,294810,19666065,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TOKI,北斗神拳快登录STEAM！I want Hokuto no ken on STEAM !北斗の拳STEAM　VERSION欲しい！
,Recommended,294810,19491929,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Laziruba.TheWall,"been a fan of Guilty Gear series, this series sure good to play. The variety of the combos makes this game worth to play just like Guilty Gear"
,Recommended,294810,19768841,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Faronight,"It has some demanding system requirements (for me at least), but overall a good port, much better than the last from what I've seen. I'll play it more when I get a better computer and kick my friend's butt :PFor newbies, just start on Stylish, and you'll have a good time."
76561198141843747,Recommended,294810,22803986,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Nova,"Jin is a yandere, he is incestious and is also very very very gay.Best husbando 10/10Also Christina Vee is in this so GOTY"
,Recommended,294810,19700229,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Polkka,"A solid fighter with tons of features, sadly no one plays this online anymore, buy it just if you're interested in the story mode or you like solo play (Abyss) or local multiplayer."
,Recommended,294810,20225225,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ski mask aka the slump god,One of my favourite fighting games of all time.
,Recommended,294810,20694873,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Oacyst,Which one is BlazBlue?-Adam Kovic
,Recommended,294810,20633445,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ＡＳＳＡＤＷＡＶＥوق,"Great game, so I can't not recommend it, but can't stand the translation. It's inaccurate to the point where it gives a false impression of the characters and the story with babble and idioms added in that the characters are not saying or expressing. The translator was obviously enthusiastic, but should have just written a fanfic on the side if he wanted to take these kinds of liberties. It's annoying and I'm glad I can understand enough Japanese to ignore the text, but obviously most people are not going to have this option."
,Recommended,294810,21662188,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Phoenix The Lightbearer,"To put this simply: This game made me like arcade fighters.Lots of characters, each one has a unique feel to them, the controls are very fluid.The online community is dead, though. You should check out Chronophantasma Extend if you're wanting to play online."
,Recommended,294810,21574728,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Magic Jobson,"Arc system did the job of making a sequel in the most perfect way possible, better than Blazblue- Calamity Trigger in every single way, (And Calamity trigger was a good game) Continuum shift shows only improvements, in both plot and gameplay, i am anxious to see Chrono Phantasma get its PC version."
,Recommended,294810,20277417,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,eyeplante,"If you like story elements in a fighting game, then you'll love this one."
,Recommended,294810,20314759,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Silver Snake,Got dunked by a ♥♥♥♥ing soviet robot online while trying my hardest to do a 720 circle with a keyboard.11/10- would lose again.
,Recommended,294810,20302219,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,one no,This game  is a really good one but if you want a better game than this wait for blazblue chrono phantasma extend coming in this year... But i would recommend this one to understand the history or at least a part of it.
76561198149167677,Recommended,294810,20289754,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KolejPenuhSial,♥♥♥♥ U Tagger
76561198033007071,Recommended,294810,20338978,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ProtatoJoe,only got this for Noel Vermillion
76561198150026018,Recommended,294810,20361443,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GoGoZeppeli,"A fun fighting game in which you fight using fun characters in fun maps (that are really flat cus it's a fighting game) while listening to fun fighting game music. Overall I give it 6 homu homu's out of 10, ♥♥♥♥ the story I don't have time to read all of that. Now go beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other's waifus to assert dominance."
,Recommended,294810,20169432,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lithium Bomb,The wheel of fate is turning.
,Recommended,294810,20554034,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,P0OLZ,One of the most enjoyable fighting games I've ever played.
76561198160317609,Recommended,294810,20004184,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SakatKalleşGintoki,24 hours just to finish %70 of its senario....
76561198201132249,Recommended,294810,20053935,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TasteThePainbow117,"Do you like anime?Do you like fighting games like Super Smash Bros. or Street Fighter?Do you like games with a really high skill cap and a really good tutorial (e.i. not Calamity Trigger)?Do you like comboing the f**k out of people?Do you like playing fighting games with your friends online?If you answered ""yes"" to any of those questions you'll love blazblue.  Hands down the best anime fighting game I've played.Pro tips: if you get continuum shift extend you prbably want to change the announcer voice to one of the ""b"" options (in game options) because the announcer is weird in this one.  And if you do play with a keyboard, do change the controls. because its initially set up for two people to be able to play on the same keyboard so the buttons are weird.  You'll have to change player 2's controls to buttons you won't use first befoer you can change player 1's."
,Recommended,294810,20054342,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rhapzody,The announcer is a chinese chick trying to sound british.10/10 would quit and play Guilty Gear instead.
,Recommended,294810,20133858,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Elyon Brown,"I've played this game on both the ps3 and vita, and I'm very glad to see it on PC. Multiplayer servers are meh-tier, but the single player and versus modes are really really good and will last you a long time."
,Recommended,294810,20118919,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dizzy,"BB Vet here, It's a bit pricey but at the end of the day you get what you put in.PROS:-Beautifully stunning spritework, backgrounds and HUD, especially for a 2D fighting game.-Each character is unique in their own way, even with an in depth backstory.-Hours of fully english dubbed(or japanese if you want) story modes.-4 button layout is easier for new players being introduced to fighters than your average 6.-Full Fightstick/Controller support.-Comes with a special artbook and the soundtrack with some of the battle themes in it.-Tutorial mode can teach you everything from the bread and butter of a fighter to special character exclusive combos.-If your a fan of rock/metal THIS SH!T WILL GET STUCK IN YOUR HEAD.-Specials and astrals, though sometimes difficult to pull off, look stunning.CONS:-Lots of characters are NOT noob friendly (I'm looking at the Clovers and Arakune).-Barely anyone plays online anymore.-Ragna and Jin are easy for new players, therefore we have an online scene with nothing but them.-IMPOSSIBLE to play on keyboard-A bit outdated (Chronophantasma coming january 2k16)-A tad awkward to configure controls.It's a solid fighter, but at the same time though miniscule, it has its fair share of problems. I can reccomend this to anyone that's a fan of flashy overthetop (Shonen basically) anime fighters. If you or a friend wants to get into Blazblue, then I highly reccomend this over Calamity Trigger, though I will reccomend playing with someone your skill level or some of the easier CPU's before stepping online. Repeated defeats could discourage a player and ruin their overall experience. I'll be looking forward to the PC release of Chronophantasma, and I'll be hoping they port Central Fiction over too. Overall I'd say 8.5/10."
76561198137409071,Recommended,294810,20096242,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,carlgonzaga13,"Good fighting game, but please fix the frame rate."
76561198178188551,Recommended,294810,20049260,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,S@ve @ Nigg@,"Again, the reasons why I play any BlazBlue game:• For it's simple yet compelling plot line and storytelling. (I'm only here for the gag reels)• The fighting system. (It hasn't changed.)• Tomokazu Sugita still voices Ragna The Bloodedge.Enough said, Tomokazu Sugita wins it again for me.BUT IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198072458967,Recommended,294810,21895798,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Net Sphere Engineer,This game is 100 times bigger and better than the first one and I had 0 problems with it to run on my PC no bugs at all!This series is amazing and I will be getting new games just for the story and amazing soundtrack!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,294810,21878771,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,wrong acc,3 addicting 5 me
,Recommended,294810,25800697,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Darklorel | Yuzuki,Like it cause of the series...... best childhood anime of all
76561198052402298,Recommended,294810,25582410,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ⓚiввle Ⓚiттen,"This isn't the newest in the franchise, but it's still a great game. Blazblue is the flagship series for Arcworks (studio). And it shows...the game is a real gem. I have always loved all their games for the amazing 2d fighting experiences they provide, and this game as the others, has not let me down. If you have played the previous games in the series, expect to find more game modes, better game modes, better fighting mechanics and overall a much better story mode than in previous games in the series. This game is much improved over the previous installments."
,Recommended,294810,20378954,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,"Holo, the Wisewolf","The second game released in PC of BB series. The continue of the story with new characters, new scenarios, and new game modes. Good like the first one."
76561198037817404,Recommended,294810,24655183,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jake Frost,"Folks who have played a Guilty Gear game will know exactly what to expect from Blazblue, considering it's the same durn studio.This game has everything, short of a decent online matchmaking system. It has a great roster of fighters whose styles you will have a ball mastering. It has more game modes than you can shake a stick at that are actually fun and engaging. For those of you who like a good story with your action, this game's got it, but you will have to do a bit of digging. Speaking of digging, if you like unlockable content, whether it be extra art, character modes, etc. Again, this game's got it."
,Recommended,294810,24479291,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gilgamesh Fangirl,This is one of the best games I have played in PC. Fun and cool graphics that accompanies it's game series and their anime adaptation. I could not have discovered this game if it weren't for my friend who let me play a game of BlazBlue....
,Recommended,294810,19821208,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Dainty Kobold,I have so many hours on console versions of this game.I brought to support the devs porting more and so I have this awesome game forever even when my console is long dead.Also in case any devs trawl reviews and read this I want the Legion mode back..... like a lot.
76561198075559752,Recommended,294810,27091747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nagasumi,Good Game Good Story.
,Recommended,294810,27343614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Naroh,Hazama FTW!!!
76561198042448938,Recommended,294810,27055624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xelasneko,"As fighting games go, I love its blend of colorful sprites, great background music and overall style.The good: Fun to play, everything I can hope for in a fighting game.The not-so-good: Like most fighting games, the keyboard mapping is just plain bizarre.The bad: Still needs to unlock most of the stuff. I think this has always been part of the game, but still a bad choice because it takes awhile to do so."
,Recommended,294810,26874583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Faint,"Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extend is a 2D fighting game that has left me amazed not only at the mechanics in the game, but also at the story plot that was written for this game. The story prologue itself took me close to an hour to complete it and it was surprisingly engaging for me as I am not really a type who is into Visual Novels. There was also a list of tutorials which are very useful for people to learn the advance combos that are needed for the game. For casual players, the game also implement a ""stylish"" layout which allows people to play without focusing too hard on the combos. Overall, it is a game that I enjoyed quite a bit and would look forward for the future installments.Art: 8/10Music: 10/10 (Astral finish music is bae)Gameplay: 7/10User interface/friendly: 9/10Hazama is love, Hazama is life."
,Recommended,294810,26676134,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Azura,"Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extend is a 2D fighter that brings you fast pace gameplay fit for beginners and veterans of fighting games and an amazing original soundtrack composed by Guilty Gear's Daisuke Ishiwatari.The game offers you a variety of game modes.Tutorial allows you to get the feel of the game if you're a new player or new to fighters.Versus is your local player vs player or Player vs CPU.Network is the online versus mode however its most likely dead at this point with the newer installments out unless you ask friends or on the Steam community boards for people to play with.The Story mode is presented in a visual novel fashion with the occasional battle, this mode offers the player the option to view both the rework of the first installment Clamity Trigger or Continuum Shift's story, allowing the player to move at their own pace through the story to achieve three endings for a character; True and Bad which both tie in with the story's plot device, as well as a gag ending, which a few continue into the next installment. Note that some endings have a requirement such as losing to a certain opponent or Jin and Makoto who can only choose their gag reel option by viewing their true ending.The Arcade mode has you fight ten computer opponents, the tenth being a boss version of either Hazama or Ragna depending on your chosen fighter as well as the secret boss Mu-12. The arcade bosses can be difficult due to their unique attribute and damage.The madness that is Unlimited Mars mode is where you fight the whole cast in their boss forms, this mode was made with the intention to make you frustrated or to challenge hardcore players, you do get an achievement for losing five times other than that i see no reason to chose this mode over the others.Abyss mode has you fight a wave of CPU opponents as you make your way to the bottom of the dungeon, leveling up amd customizing your fighter along the way as well as earning currency to use in the gallery.The Gallery is where you can spend the ingame currency to buy art, character colors, boss characters who can only be used in versus and training mode as well as listen to music tracks and voice lines. Note that some content is locked out until you reach a certain level e.g. Lewd art and boss characters.In all honesty I'd only really recommend getting this if you're someone who is new to the series and is interested in getting into Blazblue's story and characters as most of the competitive scene and online players have moved onto the newest installment (Chrono Phantasm Extent on Steam and Central Fiction for consoles/Arcades) and players like me who already purchased it on console and/or handheld won't be getting much out of it besides playing it with others on Steam and getting the soundtrack.TL;DR Buy it if you're new to the series or buy it if you wish to experience those gag reels again, view the gallery or get the soundtrack that is included with the game."
76561198063637980,Recommended,294810,33694892,Posted: 21 July,all,Hero,"This game is a pain to get the True Ending but hey, that's why the Gag endings exist.PS: Have fun trying to fightUnlimited HazamaPPS: Only game on steam where Death by Kittens is a thing.PPPS: Turns out you only need to do a few certain character stories to unlock the True Ending."
76561198138435186,Recommended,294810,33721709,Posted: 22 July,all,✦Black✦,Fun with friends
,Recommended,294810,33723204,Posted: 22 July,all,Rald,its funbut no one playing on Online MultiplayerYou can play VS with your friend using 2 joystickit also has story mode7/10
,Recommended,294810,33811260,Posted: 26 July,all,Calculator_Guy,"Similar controls to streetfighter, making it easy to get into."
76561198071097009,Recommended,294810,33905116,Posted: 30 July,all,Neko Silviu,Great fighting game with an awesome soundtrack and cast of characters.
,Recommended,294810,34956983,Posted: 14 September,all,DraCoon,"Its an anime fighting game, is it the best game ever? He- STEAM DOSN'T LIKE LANGUAGE. *Clears Throat* HECK no.But its fun."
,Recommended,294810,18329085,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hank Trill,"Started playing Arcade on Normal difficulty..Made it through with relative ease.Upped the difficulty to Very HardOMG  WTF IS THIS I CANT DO ANYTHING ""64 hit combo""10/10 bound to take more 64 hit combos"
