user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198054598221,Recommended,294860,12885575,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,puddingat4am,Released 10 hours early: CHECKHigh quality port: CHECKJapanese & English voice option: CHECKGood keyboard & mouse controls: CHECK (Turn the mouse sensitivity up)Controller support: CHECKJust like my Chinese moving pictographs: CHECKTwin tails bread baking girl: CHECKMay the bloodline live forever: CHECK20/10 #ThankYouBasedSega
76561197970894778,Recommended,294860,12885764,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pennywise,"I have played this game fully several times on the PS3 and feel it is one of the best turn-based, strategy RPGs of the last generation. This game is a must own.They have included full 16:9 resolution support (up to at least 4k I believe), japanese voices and monitor refresh rate matching FPS. Unfortunately the videos are PS3 quality but that is a small complaint for an amazing game.The story is based in an alternate history 1930's Europe where a mineral called ragnite is used to power vehicles and other items. You are members of the militia of the small, neutral country Gallia which is rich with ragnite and sandwiched between 2 superpowers. You are forced to defend and try to reclaim your country after one of these superpowers invades Gallia for its ragnite. The story is told through cell shaded cut scenes and missions and advances beyond this basic plot as time goes on.At the start of each mission you pick and place your team on the map and then are provided with command points at the start of each turn which allow you to take direct control of your units. You then move them throughout the map to achive your mission. The mix of strategy and third person controls works very well.Buy if you would like to see VC2 and VC3 (VC3 unfortunately has never had and english release) come to PC.9/10"
,Recommended,294860,12922216,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Methane Mamba,"Amazing Game. Idk why they didnt release this on pc sooner.Reasons to get this game:-Fans of the Battalion Wars games may enjoy the artstyle of the game. Although the gameplay is very different.-Amazing, hand drawn art.-Good music-Great, although cliche story-Customizable armies-Challenging, but fair missions-Old game, but has aged well-great quality for a playstation port-English voiceacting is so cheesy its kinda funny-Japanese voiceacting is well doneReasons to NOT get this game:-The game is very anime-ey, if you're bothered by ""why is this girl wearing pigtails and not a helmet"" you are gonna have a bad time.-If you don't enjoy the story, or long cutscenes, you will literally be skipping half the game.-The tank driving controls are really awkward to get used to, and even then, bug out sometimes.-The fps can rise or drop really weirdly and dramatically. Since this is mostly turn based strategy it isnt that much of an issue, but still-The game can get bs difficulty spikes at some point(s) (you all know which point)Overall, I give it a 9/10. It has some weird quirks, sure. But a really uniquely beautiful, powerful game."
,Recommended,294860,12961232,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DarthDan,"To start off, Valkyria Chronicles is a great game! It's good to see Sega starting to take an interest in putting some of their former console exclusives on Steam.STORY:The game takes place in a fantasy version of World War 2 Europe. This is a pretty interesting setting, and one I think is vastly underused in RPGs in general. A brief synopsis is that a small neutral country called Gallia is invaded by The Empire (read: fantasy Germany) during the Empire's war with the Federation, and the game follows the experiences of a junior Gallian officer and his squad as they fight to ensure their country's freedom. Overall, the various characters are written in a way that is relatable and engaging, and the game avoids relying too much on stereotypical Anime character tropes. I particularly like the way the game handles the villains. The game takes the time to portray characters from the Empire- both leaders and common soldiers- as humans, with their own motiviations, flaws, and even some redeeming qualities, and it manages to do so without whitewashing the villainous acts they do.This nuance in character portrayal is very important, as the game does not shy away from some of the awful stuff that happened in the real war. The game portrays both the pervasive racism and bigotry that characterized the countries involved in WW2, and it even touches on concentration camps and racial cleansing. The game mostly handles these topics with the amount of gravity and seriousness they deserve, and only rarely seems melodramatic or clumsy. However, the decision to cast the Japanese-looking 'Darcsen' as the game's stand-ins for the oppressed minorities of World War 2 Europe does have a few unfortunate implications vis-a-vis the victim complex that a certain real-world segment of Japanese society has about WW2. Overall, though, I'm still glad the game had the courage to address some of the more uncomfortable aspects of war, and I think its successes in this regard outweigh its failings.Now, this IS still a JRPG, and some elements of the story and setting will seem hilariously out of place to you if you're not intimate with the genre. For starters, the magic rocks that power all Europan technology should clue you in that the game doesn't stick particularly close to history. The first half of the game mostly presents combat in a believable manner, but later story missions can't help but start to throw in some over-the-top Anime style bosses, and the introduction of a certain techno-magic later in the game's story might stretch suspension of disbelief for some.GAMEPLAY:The game is basically broken up into two different types of play: 'book mode' and battles. In book mode, the player basically just watches cutscenes that advance the story; each scene is fairly short, about 2-4 minutes, and there are about 10-12 scenes per chapter in the game. Each scene is self contained, and there is a mostly linear progression through the scenes, where you have to watch each scene to unlock the next one.At least once per chapter, you will unlock a battle that must be completed sucessfully to advance the story. Each battle is basically a set-piece engagement where you deploy your units at a starting point on a map, and then take turns with the enemy until you meet your objectives (or lose, I guess, but the game isn't that hard in most cases). Each story mission can only be played once, but you will periodically unlock skirmish battles that can be played any number of times to farm experience and cash. Combat is basically like a turn-based strategy RPG, but there are a few major differences from other tactical JRPGs you may have played.First off, unlike most other RPGs where each unit you control gets to take one action per player turn, instead you get a set amount of ""command points"" every player turn, which you can then distribute to your units at will, to take actions, give buffs (called 'orders'), or call reinforcements. One 'action' consists of both a move and a shoot- the shoot can be taken at any time during movement. This is all fairly straightforward except for one major caveat: you can give more than one action to a given unit per turn! In fact, if you want, you can give ALL your action points to a single unit to move/shoot a whole bunch of times. Getting A-ranks on missions often requires pooling most of your actions on just a few units, to quickly penetrate deep behind enemy lines and achieve objectives.This approach to combat is more realistic than average for JRPGs, but still, don't expect it to feel at all like a gritty war simulator like the Company of Heroes games. Cover matters- enemies will take potshots at you if you run around within their range, and enemies can't shoot you if you're behind a wall or a friendly tank (or even an enemy tank). Controlling your own tank feels suitably tanky- big, powerful, and slow as hell.  Actually shooting feels a little simplistic though. Basically, you take aim, then your unit empties their clip at your aimpoint, and then the guy you shot (if you hit him, and if he's still alive) gets a chance to return fire. Headshots are important, at least.Secondly, while it's definitely an RPG and not a straight turn-based tactical game, the RPG elements take a backseat to the tactical ones. Levelling up your characters gives you some nice bonuses- it unlocks some secondary weapons and orders, character bonuses called 'potentials', and gives small increases to HP- but you can easily complete the game without any of the optional stuff, and the exp you earn in story missions will be sufficient to beat the game without grinding skirmish battles.TECHNICAL:This is a very good port. Keyboard controls can be remapped, the game can scale the in-battle/menu graphics to any resolution, and framerate is NOT locked. Unfortunately though, some of the cutscenes are prerendered at the 720p resolution of the PS3, and these cutscenes take up a lot of disk space- the game is a 20 GB install. The game is mostly alt+tab friendly, except when in combat- I sometimes have to start Task Manager to take focus away from the game then. The game is stable, but it sometimes doesn't shut down cleanly. I've never lost any save data that way, but it's a little annoying.The artstyle is obviously very anime-eqsue, it's presented in a sort of washed-out cellshaded style. Maybe not everyone's favorite style, but at least it's unique and visually distinctive. I personally like it a lot! Also, the voiceacting is generally good. The Japanese voice actors are great, as are the English voiceactors for all the main characters. Some of the secondary characters can sound like they just phoned it in, though.OVERALL: 8/10PROS:-Compelling and under-used setting for a JRPG-Interesting story-Good voiceacting-Fun combat-No grind necessary!-Just as much challenge as you want- completing the game isn't hard, getting all A-ranks is!-Great port- runs smoothlyCONS:-Large install-Some cutscenes are only 720p-Some anime/jrpg cliches are present"
,Recommended,294860,19163653,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Whoota,"I shall now proceed to write unbridled and unambiguous praise for this game.Valkyria Chroniclesis a triumph. It is a triumph in gameplay, style, presentation, sound design, narrative, character development, exposition and content. The game combines the illustrious production values of AAA titles with innovative gameplay quirks usually found in more obscure indie titles. Yet, it doesn’t compromise for even an inch. It delivers a style that uniquely its own and that might not appeal to everyone, but it sure has hell makes an exceptionally appealing case for itself.If you’re a fan of turn based rpg tactics likeHeroes of Might and MagicorFire Emblemyou will often find yourself in a minority crowd. It is a rather specific genre that many mainstream publishers don’t even want to look at it. Sega however took a bold stance and hadValkyria Chroniclesdeveloped and published. Not only is it a turn based rpg tactics game, it also breaks the mold on that genre to become a hybrid of turn based and real time. Part shooter, and part chess. The blend is so unique there is nothing quite like it outside of the series itself.You control a small squad of soldiers. Each turn you’re given a number of action points. By selecting a soldier you expend the point and are given real time control of the unit. You can then move around the map. You only see enemy units on the map if any of your own units currently have a clear line of sight in that area, so you might run into unforeseen threats while exploring. When you’ve found your mark, you can hit the aim button and line up a shot. Your unit will empty a clip and then the enemy might retaliate, granted that you didn’t murder him in the first place. When moving, you deplete a movement gauge. When the gauge is empty your unit will be rooted to the ground and cannot move and you’ll be forced to expend an extra command point to move your unit. You’ll have to take range into account when moving. If you run out in enemy crossfire you’ll most likely lose your unit in the next turn. Additionally, units come in different shapes and sizes. Scouts are fast and nimble, but generally miss the firepower and endurance to break enemy entrenchments. Shocktroopers are the opposite of scouts. They tire much faster, but pack a serious wallop and can take one too. Lancers specialise in destroying enemy armour units, and the engineers provide support to your own tanks and troops. The sniper unit does what it says on the tin; it takes out single units with pinpoint accuracy.However, your units are all unique, each soldier is a character with its own traits and abilities. You develop their talents by letting them perform in the line of duty, and by training them by expending experience points. You also have to equip them with new and better gear. You’re always busy with maintaining your army, be it out in the field or back at base; a commander’s duty never ends.The missions are also very well executed. Most maps feature a unique obstacle that needs to be overcome. This keeps the gameplay fresh as you make your way through the enemy ranks. You’ll fight in the desert, the streets, beaches, forests, canyons and in fortresses. The variety is excellent and you’ll quickly learn to adapt you tactics and squad accordingly.Speaking of the commander, the game’s story focusses on Lieutenant Welkin Gunther and his squad of militia men and women. The small nation of Gallia is caught amidst a continent wide conflict as the eastern Europan Empire invades and begins to violently subjugate the nation. Welkin and his fellow countrymen are drafted into service to repel the invaders. At the same time they discover important clues about the country’s history and its former rulers: The Valkyria; near mythical people with incredible powers.The setting draws parallels with our own Second World War. Complete with ethnic scourges and totalitarian ideologies. Furthermore, the game takes its time to give you exposition. Many of the secondary characters get room to develop alongside the main man and lady. Most stages are bookended, with intro cut scenes beforehand, and an outro afterward. All cut scenes are fully voiced by an anime competent cast, so they’re familiar with the style of material and do an excellent job at conveying the moments the best they can. Even when the natively Japanese expositional style doesn’t exactly suit the moment. I’ve never found a need to switch the voices to Japanese. This is one of the key points whereValkyria Chroniclesscores. Its approach to its narrative is not like a Hollywood movie likeSaving Private Ryan, but more like a TV series, likeThe Pacific. It takes its time and lets you experience it at your own pace.The entire game is presented in the form of a journal. Ever chapter takes place on a set of pages, where every ‘photo’ represents a cut scene, and every map equals a stage. You can flip through the journal’s tabs to find the entries on each separate character and other glossary entries. It’s a great way of presenting the story and its lore and mythos. You’re free to explore, or never even look at it.The book is a neat way of presenting the game, but the real captivator are the graphics. The characters and environments are fashioned in an extremely stylish and gorgeous watercolour and pencil sketch manner. Not only does it suit its anime tone, it also stands the test of time. Even now, seven after its PS3 release, the graphics hold up and will probably hold up for a long time coming.Accompanied with the visual package comes a very smart and elegant sound design. Every sort of bullet impact has a distinct noise, so you know when your unit is in direct danger, even if you can’t see the origin of the gunfire. The music is a romantic, tense and sweeping score that really underscores the game’s every moment. From the tense high stakes cover shootouts, to the emotional and heart wrenching moments, that despite of all your tactical prowess, will inevitably befall you.These moments are where game is at its strongest; and where the art, gameplay and sound work together in a perfectly orchestrated and coordinated union that not just elevates the game at hand, but the medium as a whole.Valkyria Chroniclesseizes the player for a unique experience that will change the way RPG tactics, narratives and presentation are perceived in video games"
76561198030756323,Recommended,294860,14145924,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cabeza2000,"I do not own a console since the early nineties and I never owned a PlayStation in my life. In such regard, I consider myself a PC purist.While I do enjoy Tactical RPG games, I am not really into Japanese made games, let alone anime and manga, is just not my cup of tea. In fact, I never heard about Valkyria Chronicles™ until I saw the game announced here in Steam.Having said that, I am writing this short review to say that I have enjoyed this game a lot, not just for the tactical gameplay but mainly for the story. While not perfect at all, the gaming experience is top-notch.Another outstanding area is the port. I have seen countless ports from consoles to PC that are so bad. I always try to avoid them, but whoever did the port for Valkyria Chronicles™ did a hell of a job. As someone that play exclusively with a keyboard/mouse, this was perfectly made.I am glad this PS3 game from 2008 was ported to PC on 2014 and I am now looking forward to see more ports from PS3 greatest hits."
,Recommended,294860,13063646,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MAD_FROGZ,Do you like X-COM? Do you like anime? Do you like shooting Nazis in the face? Do you like cute girls that make you bread! THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!-10/10 would eat bread again!Edit: The only question now is will we get to eat bread again in VC II & III on Steam?
,Recommended,294860,15844014,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kanin,"Start playing as baker girl.She kills someone, and makes a cute victory pose.Squad is now only girls.Watch psychopathic teenage girls slaughter men in armor with refreshing smiles.Realize why the game is called Valkyria."
,Recommended,294860,16588946,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Myotirious Latine,"Viewing From My Profile? Click Comment to See Non-Broken VersionValkyria ChroniclesGame InfoPublisher:Genere:Personal Verdict:SegaAction Rpg, Streategy, Turn BasedIt's awesome but a bit broken.So What is Valkyria Chronicles?To put it short I've been waiting for this game to be released ever since I was a little girl. It was a console exclusive game on the PS3 for ages despite having critical acclaim at the time it releases until Sega in their faint moment of genius decided to port this game finally to the PC. And it is glorious.Valkyria Chronicles is a deceptive anime-style  game that boast cute and cherry characters despite the underlying tone being that of the horrors of war and it shows heavily in its many cutscenes.As a game it is a turn based action game where you command your squad each turn using limited number of command point to sally forth and destroy the enemy. Onward boyo.Port ReportVerdict: Good.60 FPS On All Situation.Controls are a bit awkward if you happen to use the keyboard as your primary controller since this is an ex console exclusive game with many of the command scattered throughout the keyboard and having limited mouse support. But it does run and look well enough so I can't complain about that.Good news for japanese voice fans, you can toggle between english voice and japanese voice in the menu. Have fun with that.GraphicsThe Graphics in Valkyria Chronicles is a watercolour artstyle utilizing the game unique CANVAS technology that transform everything from scenery to people into paint work of art. Bloody hell even the edge of your screen is white and it might look  off putting and weird to some people but for what it is worth it is incredible art that is unique.Oh I sound also mention any SFX sound gets visualized in comic style which is a good point for meSoundFor sound well consider that this is a game set in a fictionalize WW2 therefor expect a lot of patriotic music. That said the SFX is pretty good. Character dialog is clear and presented cleanly. No complains here other than the bloody radio chatter while in mission can be awfully annoying to the point you tune yourself out of it.GameplayHere is where Valkyria Chronicles has it's greatest strength and weakness.To start off you have limited command points that you can supplement by putting command unit on the field but for most part it usually isn't enough to move your whole squad in 1 turn.You can use those command points to command a single troop who have an ap meter indicating how far they can go and once it is finish you either have to wait for the next turn or use another command point to use the unit again but with reduced AP. It's best to get your unit in cover and switch out to other.While you could theoratically use all the command point in the turn for 1 unit it's usually best to just switch since some units have limited ammo per turn and item like grenades won't replenish till the end of the turn.Next aiming stops enemies action like giving interception fire to you which is usually deadly if 3-4 of his mates decides to tag along and fire with him but good news is you can do the same! And your units have these things called potential which may be good or bad thing which can trigger if the conditions are met on the field. They are limited by line of side however so putting that stormtrooper right beside an alleyway exit can usually result in dead 3-4 goons if they are stupid. [It happens sometimes]For missions you have a wide variety if objective across missions and they often come with something new in the map. Skirmish mode on the other hand is plain old simple kill all enemies or capture their flag to win the battle.As for unit type you have the standard RPG trope of scout, sniper, tank-buster, and assault classes which you can upgrade their potential with EXP and new gear with money earn from finishing battle. You can also use EXP point to get orders which are basically in-mission buff that at the cost of command point allows you to withdraw unit, heal and other stuff like increasing their damage and so on.As for the broken part. Well.Basically you can use scout to win in every single skirmish or mission mode, by utilizing their huge reserve of AP and orders that increases their defensive ability you can literally sprint through the enemy and lob a single grenade to push any enemies out of the capture zone of the enemy base and capturing it. That's it, simple and broken since the missions often rely on how fast you are for S rank.ConclusionA pretty badass of a japanese anime style game with unique artstyle that sadly got sidelined because it was released on the PS3 and thus became a cult favourite but not an instant classic but now that it is on steam you have no reason to not get this Gem anymore. I implore you to buy it.Scoring Methology:-	S-Rank: excellent-	A-Rank: very good-	B-Rank: solid-	C-Rank: satisfactory-	D-Rank: inferiorVerdict: A-Rank.Credit:Thanks to meatking and smmoke for your help!No drama,Just Reviews"
76561198039301570,Recommended,294860,12926814,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Head Chef Dom,Drafted a 12 year old into my squad. 10/10 would Kony again
,Recommended,294860,20108226,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Accelerator,"Even if I paid this game at its full price, I still feel it should have worth more than thatSteam needs more game like this, honestlyUpdate:I got a -75% coupon for this game so I sold my CS:GO skins to buy it for a friend of mine cuz it's too good that he must play it"
76561198005952960,Recommended,294860,13014144,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zeeke,"I've always wanted to try this game since I saw its release on PS3... But when I heard it was going to be released for PC, I jumped on the occasion to get it. But enough with my personal motives.Here's my pros, cons and miscPros:-Decent Story-Nice Graphics (A shame that it's still PS3 quality)-Far from being the worse PC port from Japan(By god they did some horrid work)-Decent game mechanics-One of the only games that has the stones to put the idea of the concentration camps-Jan Walker made me laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off-Can switch between english and japanese voicesCons:-Still feels a bit awkward to control with a keyboard-Some forgetable characters-Occasional odd lag(I can't explain better because it just pops out of nowhere and then gets back to normal)Misc:-Occasional inconsistencies in clothing and such with 1930-era-Florist gone sadistic psycho made me laugh.Overall, I recommend this good port to anyone who likes tactical Jrpgs, plus with a not to heavy price tag."
,Recommended,294860,32260126,Posted: 7 June,all,That's Vile!,"Blending elements of Strategy, Tactical RPG and Third Person Shooter, Valkyria Chronicles is as unique as it is fun.The characters are charming, if not slightly generic, with just enough little twists to keep them from being too similar to the typical anime-style archetypes.The gameplay is absolutely solid, with new elements being added at a reasonable pace to keep things interesting. Even when there's nothing new added to the mix, and you're replaying a skirmish for the third time to get that A rank the gameplay is enjoyable, managing to entertain and delight.When one of the only downfalls to the game is that there's too many cutscenes between actual gameplay, you know it's a pretty grand title. Thankfully, the option to skip through is there, so even that con is negligible.Valkyria Chronicles is definitely worth the purchase."
76561198026566199,Recommended,294860,12885532,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Solenya,"Bought for my ps3, played the hell out it beat it went back and played again. Bough for my PC will be playing the hell out of it, will play the hell out of it again. Amazing artstyle, graphics,music, and gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,294860,13260039,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mothra,"The next step for turn-based strategy. Incredibly fun, and absolutely charming.I'd heard XCom's Julian Gollop had sung this game's praises back in 2010, saying that Valkyria's system was almost exactly what he had in mind for his never-released Dreamland Chronicles. Valkyria's combat definitely feels like a big step forward from the XCom back-and-forth, adding an element of intensity and immediacy to the short burts of action that take place during each movement you choose. The moment you make your move, you take command of that unit and execute the move in real time. Enemy units cannot move or attack until it is their turn, but they can REact, laying down bursts of fire if you draw within range. It goes a long way toward bridging the gap between action and strategy you tend to get in turn-based titles.The plot is better than I expected, but it's nothing particularly interesting. I was a little interested in the Darcsen storyline, as it was implied they actually caused an ancient disaster which spurred generations of racism, so that was a pretty good element. I also found myself more interested in the political landscape of WORLD WAR ANIME than I thought I'd be.The characters are the real endearing element here - everyone has wildly different personalities, touched with weird and charming quirks that manifest into battle. The close-range shocktrooper Jane gets an anti-personnel ""sadism"" buff if she kills enough nazis, but runs into a defense-lowering debuff if she walks on a paved road (since she USED to be a nature-loving pacifist). Others have wildly bizarre powers, like an unmotivated engineer whose gun randomly jams because she's too lazy to clean it, or a ditzy valley girl who loses accuracy due to gabbing with nearby soldiers. You find yourself choosing soldiers that have glaring tactical problems, just because you like their personalities so much. For the most part, however, buffs and debuffs are pretty well balanced.It adds a ton of much-needed flavor to a section of turn-based strategy that is usually very calculated and bland. Very fun.I haven't been this taken with a title for a very long time. Very much recommended, and hopefully we'll see Sega release another proper sequel."
,Recommended,294860,14158970,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Misfiring,"Want a game with XCOM style gameplay but has good story? Want an anime game that isn't stupid? Want to have your medals presented by a princess, accompanied by a box of weapons?Valkyria Chronicles is for you."
,Recommended,294860,13771219,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Aleksandros,"XCOM: Waifu editionJoking aside, this game is a true gem. I actually love it more than XCOM: EU or EW and I do enjoy thos games. The game is pretty straight forward from a turn based perspective game.   However, unlike XCOM for example, you level up classes rather than particular characters. Meaning the recruits you get will all be the same strength in terms of firepower and action points and the like. However, different recruits have differen't characteristics. This ranges from being racist and not wanting to be near certain members, or allergies, pretty much every possible pro or con you think would actually influence people's actions.  They all have their friends, and will commonly fight harder to protect those friends. Some of them are panicky, and not everyone has the same amount of health despite being the same class and having the same upgrades. Unlike XCOM where you have to individually give equipment to each squad member, in this it becomes the general issue equipment for each class. So you'll only have to focus on the personalities and characteristics of the characters, and not what their equipment is. The story is extremely good and episodic based, LOTS of cutscenes if you like that, but the combat is rewarding and enjoyable.The true endearing factor of Valkyria Chronicles is the diversity of characters. Having a character who hates the enemy and is sadistic and gets excited to end their lives for example. Ditzy valley guys or girls who get distracted because they're so chatty in combat. Each character feels unique, you're not leading professional soldiers, you're leading civilians who have to begin to face the horrors of war. These are militiamen, and they begin to evolve into true soldiers as time goes on. Once a pacifist, now a hardened veteran and able soldier.  It feels like you're honestly leading characters with personalities, rather than some copy and pasted hard♥♥♥♥♥grunt who's vast lexicon of responses is ""Roger, Engaging, and Moving"" Whilst I feel those hard soldier types seen in XCOM and other military games are fine. I do have to say I prefer to see human aspects to an otherwise cold hearted soldier type.The game is undeniably human, much like the Metal Gear series, it has a very anti-war sentiment to it. Trying to drive home the geo-political intricacies of racism, history, and human emotions. It's a war story with an anime aesthetic, there's quite a few times where I get hit by the feel train.However, they still managed to fit a pig with wings in here.  Albeit it still can't fly"
,Recommended,294860,12909700,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Detrimindexta | Idle-empire.com,"I definitely recommend this game. It is a faithful port, if not better, of the PS3 version since it runs smoothly and the fps is not capped at all (it looks like 60fps).If you are a fan of turn-based strategy games and games which have great storylines (trust me, this one has a great storyline), this is a must-get.Now if only Steam would port the other games as well..."
,Recommended,294860,12978775,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,IIDXGOLD,"If X-Com was an anime, and alien invaders were anime Germans, then you'd get a game like Valkyria Chronicles."
,Recommended,294860,12934182,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vexing Vision,"I'm not really Anime. I thoroughly dislike the World War 2 setting. But I heard friends I trust rave about the game, and figured I'd give it a shot.Bloody hell is this amazing. The combat manages to be both deeply strategic and beautiful fun, the gameplay has an absolute unique look to it and every single one of your soldiers has their own fully voiced back story and personalities.This is a gorgeous turn-based strategy/RPG mix I never expected to find from a japanese console port.Highly recommended. Play this. Your gaming experience will be richer for it."
,Recommended,294860,16915254,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,NBlast,"You're on the tank now...Valkyria Chronicles is an interesting game for sure. Not only it's a weird genre mix making it very hard to describe, but also there are many strong and weak points worth discussing in both gameplay and story.Story excels at world building. Not-Europe at not-World War II is a very interesting and compelling setting on it's own. There is also ton of flavor text, both written and voice acted, going miles to give, for example, characterization of every soldier you can command in the game, with quirky personalities included. World overall is really inviting. That said, core plot has some very noticeable problems. One: it tries to tell a war-themed story in probably most non-violent way possible, implementing massive amount of well-known anime clichés, where Spec Ops: The Line simply eviscerated and deconstructed this genre to the bare-bones. It leaves the game without cohesive message and consequence, making it hard to take serious. Add pretty long cutscenes to the mix and you will receive something that not everyone can stomach. I ultimately liked it, but everybody wanting a serious story or having an anime allergy, take caution.Gameplay is a weird mix of strategy game, RPG and third-person shooter. I would compare it to Worms, Fallout 3's V.A.T.S. system and Supergiant Games’ Transistor. Many others also use X-Com as a reference. The gameplay may have some ""first-installment-oddities"" like: unbalanced classes, clueless buff/debuff system, slow leveling requiring additional skirmish battles (just to keep on par with the enemies), annoying randomness and unexplained mechanics... BUT at the end it's real, genuine fun and battles feel like chess matches. Tanks are awesome, sniping enemies from distance is awesome and owning the AI in pretty hard battles is awesome too. It's a solid gameplay worth your interest if the description feels compelling for you.Music? Top notch! Japanese people certainly know how to make symphonic music. I also cannot say a bad thing about graphics that have their own charming style. This cell-shading will not age quickly. I also commend a good PC port, free DLC, New Game+ mode and good content/price ratio (even with long cutscenes, 32 hours for one playthough is pretty neat result).Valkyria Chronicles is a weird mix, but for those who want to take risk, it may be a bullseye. Not for everyone, especially those with low anime tolerance, but definitely worth a look for the uniqueness sake alone."
76561198045813744,Recommended,294860,29147099,Posted: 9 January,all,Raspberry Wulf,"Nothing is perfect, but this game is pretty damn close. Fun, engaging, and thoughtful gameplay with easy controls. Beautiful art direction. Rich soundtrack. A story that knows what it is and hits all the right beats. Without doubt this has made my top 10 games ever played. A+"
,Recommended,294860,12912499,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Chaser324,"Very well done port of one of the PS3's best games. Thank you, Sega. Fingers crossed that this game is well received by PC gamers, encouraging more quality PC ports and inspiring more confidence in western releases of traditionally Japanese franchises (hint hint, Yakuza 5 and Valkyria Chronicles 3).Looks great running at higher resolution and framerate. The pre-rendered cutscenes are still at their original resolution, but they look mostly fine - thanks in large part to the excellent art style.Great keyboard and controller support. Fully remappable with proper button prompts for keyboard/360 controller.The gameplay, characters, and story are still just as great as they were when this game was released back in 2008, but they're not perfect and won't be everyone's cup of tea. The characters and plot are very anime. VERY anime. The fusion of turn-based strategy gameplay with real-time shooter elements is novel and pretty darn fun, but it can be a bit finicky in spots. The real-time controls at times don't feel precise enough and there can be a trial-and-error feel to some missions. The issues can lead to the game occasionally not feeling fair or balanced, but I don't find it severe or frequent enough to be detrimental to the overall experience.Music and dialogue are great (English and Japanese audio tracks both included). There are some minor audio issues - odd mixing, some slight popping on cutscene dialogue. The first patch has mostly corrected this issue, but hopefully it will get a little more attention because it's still not quite perfect."
,Recommended,294860,12886075,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Calorie Mate,"Incredibly well optimized port for one best games on the PS3.Unique strategic gameplay.Unique graphic style.Huge cast of memorable characters.Many ways to customize and form your squad.Edy is best girl!Seriously, if you missed out on it before, don't miss out now. It's one of those few games that really stand out and stay in your memory forever."
,Recommended,294860,18243245,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pepper,"Started as a teenaged baker girl, got invaded by Russians.  Slowly built up a squad of similarly aged girls and boys.  Now I run a squad composed almost entirely of children who are fighting to take their homeland back.  Joseph Kony doesn't have♥♥♥♥♥♥on me.12/10."
,Recommended,294860,12885663,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Meru,"Easily one of the best games of the Ps3, if not the best.  a true shame the sequels were not on the Ps3. Hopefully sega will see the error of their ways & bring 2 & 3 to Steam.Turn based tactical RPG with a fresh twist, for its time & to this day.Beautiful Artstyle.Solid Story.Good Price."
,Recommended,294860,12972351,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Kameraden,"After Finishing the Game, Getting over 20 Hours into Valkyria Chronicles (PC) I can finally honestly make a Review of the Game.Port Quality:   Excellent.  Game does suffer from some minor bugs, but it's mostly engine related when playing at higher FPS than the game was EVER designed to perform at.  Aside from that, most everything works beautifully.   Graphically and even Control/Handling.  Game runs absolutely beautifully for a PS3 Port over to PC.   Graphically it looks beautiful as well.Controls, In Depth:  Being a PC game people expect good Mouse/Keyboard Controls.  Despite being a Port this game doesn't disappoint.  I played the game from start to finish using Mouse/Keyboard and save for 4 Story Missions I ended up getting A/B ranks on everything else, mostly A Ranks.  Being I'm a Veteran of the game I know how to beat most missions well, and I prefer PC games vs console.  I openly give SEGA a Thumbs up on their efforts on adapting the controls for PC.  Even going through Menu's seems to work well, as long as users remember the menus were never designed for a mouse, so the mouse does not function for menus.Game Itself:  It is a no brainer that Valkyria Chronicles is a Masterpiece of a video game, and despite being a Port to PC it does not disappoint anywhere.  Everything works well, the story and characters are colorful and memorable.   The game has never been more beautiful to play because of the higher resolution options.  Anyone who has any doubts about buying this game, have those doubts out of their own miss givings.  There is no gamer who should not find something to enjoy in the splended world of Gallia."
,Recommended,294860,12948481,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,HylianSeven,"For those that have never heard of or played this game before, I absolutely recommend it. It's a good hybrid of RTS and third person shooting. Think sort of along the lines of Fire Emblem crossed with Advance Wars crossed with Command & Conquer.As for those that did play it on the PS3, I can easily recommend this version. Playing this at high resolutions and framerates is super nice. It is easy to downsample it to 4k on my 1080p monitor and I can STILL get 120FPS. The only problem I have had that is worth noting is a bug where the tank can't go up hills if you are playing on 120 FPS. Hopefully Sega issues a fix for this."
,Recommended,294860,12895732,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GaimeGuy,"I started the prologue.So the Soviet Union is invading Western Europe, and wants Switzerland-Estonia's resources. And I've been arrested by a waifu.Thanks, fish."
,Recommended,294860,13438405,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,𝔇𝔢𝔞𝔡-𝔈𝔫𝔡,"Valkyria Chronicles is a TRPG (Tactical Role Playing game) and every character under your command has their own unique personality and traits which will either give that character an advantage or disadvantage on the battlefield for that turn.PROS- Interesting story- A great pc port- English/Japanese voice options- Game mechanics are quite solid- Graphics are beautiful though it's in ps3 quality- Sudden difficulty spikes- Characters have back stories- DLC is also very goodCONS- Speed runs encouraged for gold ratings- Some ""orders"" can make missions too easyOverallI really enjoyed the game and do hope that Valkyria Chronicles 2 and 3 will be released on steam in the future."
,Recommended,294860,22906895,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Captain Pecker the Party Wrecker,"Team up with your fellow ""not Swedes"" to fight the ""not Germans"" and their Ubermensch, and save some ""not Jews"" along the way. Band of Brothers: Anime Edition. 10/10 would erase my memory to play fresh again."
76561198048079872,Recommended,294860,32023706,Posted: 28 May,all,silicongrafitti,"If you don't mind a game with long gameplay with a bit steep learning curve, long Japanse Anime cutscenes, this one is for you.My first impression on this game is the Japanese Anime style narration - something that fits my personal preferences. Many reviews complained that there are lots of cutscenes and few actual gameplay. That is true. In fact, my mom saw I play and asked if Iwas playing a videogameorwatching an anime:-)That doesn't mean the gameply is weak. It may require a bit steep learning curve to get used to and each character has his/her own trait and the player needs to know which member in the squad should be deployed in order to get optimum performance.I used to play (and liked) many of turn-based RPG-Strategy console games such asFinal Tacticsand even the older likeShining Force(yeah - I'm that old) and this one did a good job to go a step further yet remain fun.Pros:+ Nice cutscenes (for me) and good storyline for a game. Having anime-like graphics make it timeless so even if someone plays it 5 years from now he or she wouldn't feel the graphics is outdated (except that it doesn't run on 4K)+ Nice way to influence player to play through for the second time. Part of it due to how the story is narrated.+ Runs on low-spec machines. I once played on Lenovo Ultranslim PC with Core i3 and built-in graphics video and it still played fine.+ Decent PC port. I rarely ran into any issue in my playthrough.Cons:- Limited Graphics option. It could only go as far as Full HD.- Steep learning curve and sometimes the key to complete the mission is not so intuitive (looks like the game maker really wants the players to get into a couple Game Over scenes before winning the battles)- Not so intuitive interface. It took me quite a while to figure out how to save the game during the battle.- Linear gameplay. The game uses a book as the narration and essentially it goes straight from the first page through the last. There's no branching or decision required to made that impacts the storyline. Something quite common in western RPG and I would like to see in Japanese RPG."
76561198044209300,Recommended,294860,12921415,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The Concept Of Love,My mechanic got moody and wouldn't fix my tank even though it was the only thing protecting him from pyscho-laser-nazi-waifu 10/10
,Recommended,294860,14158941,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Blanche Noir,"A job well done, Great port, I can't stress it enough, this port is functional and shows that SEGA are committed to delivering quality PC products.This is the short answer to what is to expect of this port, of a game actually a few years old, but able to outsell some big players, like certain flops released near this date.Valkyria Chronicles is a well made strategy game, made with the intention of doing something different from usual. The intent wasn't on having awesome graphics (even in 2008 the graphics were ok) but something beautiful, and even now, six years later, the game still looks beautiful, not at all old.The plot is engaging, maybe a bit reliant on cliches, but still well done and interesting. Any story about a war not glorifying it, but showing it with fairness (Cruelty, heroism, sacrifice, duty, loyalty...) is always a welcome sight. The main characters are well developed, and the side characters get their own missions to shine.The music is beautiful, with some tracks being fairly normal, while others are memorable. Voice acting in English is kinda Fairly Bad, while the original Japanese work is polished and flawless.The controls are well ported, mouse control is smooth and correct, I miss having a cursor in the menus, but the important part (The combat) goes flawless. It also allows controller use, for those who prefer the original experience.Combat can be as challenging as you allow it to be. Certainly victory won't be an issue most of the time, but getting A rank is another, different, matter. Still, the learning curve is user friendly, as long as the player accepts B ranks for a while.The Strategic part varies, sometimes being smart allows the player to have really fun combats, while considering possibilities. Other times using strong scouts allows to skip the entire combat by simply rushing an objective fast. It's not cheating, but still, I'd discourage players from exploiting the mechanics for fast victories.Long story short. This game is cheap, good, it has aged well, the control is good and it's fun. Simply one of the best Tactical Strategy game i've ever played"
,Recommended,294860,12885786,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SpaceDrake,"An excellent, excellent port of an already excellent game. The keyboard-only controls in the book menu are a little goofy, but the actual map/battle controls are spot on and exactly what the game needed. And the game runs very well and downsamples like a monster (though, sadly, this will not help the FMV engine-rendered cutscenes).There's quibbles but who gives a damn, the important things have been done very well and the game at the heart of the port is one of the best strategy RPGs of the previous console generation. There's no reason not to buy this and love the hell out of it."
,Recommended,294860,12922297,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lord_L,"One of the best games of the PS3 era and you can now play it on the PC. Fun tactical gameplay, interesting cast of characters and a war story that while it has it's dark moments doesn't get too bogged down in the harsh realities of war. The anime style may not be to everyones tastes but it never gets too caught up in it's tropes. Transition to the PC from the PS3 has been fairly smooth, some slight hiccups with the mouse and keyboard controls but nothing too major (and if you have a controller set up you won't even notice). Includes all the DLC and will give you roughly 35+ hours of gameplay (not including A+ ranking all missions and replays).It's a fantastic game for a low price, I highly recommended you pick it up now rather than waiting for a sale, so hopefully SEGA gets the message and ports VC2 and 3...and maybe even works on a 4th. C'mon 7th Squad need you!"
,Recommended,294860,16334209,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Graisse Hurlante,The girls make a cute victory pose after brutally murdering other people.10/10
,Recommended,294860,30447790,Posted: 11 March,all,TheRyderShotgun,Shot Guy in the face with an anti-tank rocket.Guy lives.Realism/WW2 -IGN
76561198153569965,Recommended,294860,23539186,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,dylanharvey1992,"I don't normally play anime games, but this was awesome. The best part of the game is the fact that each individual soldier you can assign to your squad is individually voice acted, each having their owns lines of dialouge and short biography, which makes every soldier appear unique and worthwhile. Except for Engeneer Herbert. Why did you ever even join the military Herbert? You don't put any effort into anything. Do you even care? Of course you don't."
,Recommended,294860,17322198,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,チキン・ジョージ,"I bought this game totally not because you can:1) Set the audio to Japanese2) Make a squad out of little screaming girls and a gay anti-tank dude (oh, you'll also have a winged piglet)3) Kill everyone with your kawaii army while enjoying long cutscenes, victory poses, ""Yatta"" and ""Rosie-sempai"" shouts etc.Same for you, right?"
,Recommended,294860,14372981,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PlatinumSlick,"Steam needs more games like this, really badly"
76561197995439981,Recommended,294860,12933529,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The Magic Dagon,"This is a rare specimen of a game that's more than the sum of its parts. Part SPRG and part 3rd person shooter, woven together incredibly well with amazing art and a challenging, meaty campaign - doesn't quite describe the whole of it. It's a game with character and style that crafts its own unique identity, oozes charm and has captured the hearts of many players to become the cult classic it is.The steam version also runs insanely well compared to the PS3 original. Load and save times are nonexistent, controls are highly customizable and the game looks as good as it did in my rose-tinted memories thanks to proper support for much higher resolutions."
,Recommended,294860,28465094,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,< [O - O] >,"SEGA's hidden gem. Not a flawless one, but if you are into action role-playing strategy hybrid, with interesting visuals, stories, gameplay, character designs and theme, then this game is for you.Too bad they ♥♥♥♥ed up the sequels.Also since it is on sale, why not give it a shot ?"
,Recommended,294860,12921911,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Nomus,Im not much into anime but enjoyed VC alot. I miss good turn based tactical games like JA and X-com and VC is a good example of TBC games.
,Recommended,294860,13532828,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Absinthe,"""Like Fire Emblem with guns. 11/10"""
,Recommended,294860,13466611,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Raz,Anime X-com. Fantastic
,Recommended,294860,12906730,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nikousen,"An amazing title that got me hooked for 10 hours straight after my purchase, the port quality is great, voice acting is superb, from both Japanese and English VA's. But what really caught my attention was how much SEGA invested in this title, and I'm talking specifically about the squad members, with each of them having their own voice, lines, apperance and personality traits, not much of a big deal when you think of it but it really adds up to the experience. The same goes for the glossary section and how it explores each character, weapon, vehicle into great detail as you progress through the game.The art direction is also something that is definitely worth mentioning, I'm a sucker for cell-shaded graphics, and the way the game presents itself on the canvas engine really makes the game stand out from anything else I have played, absolutely brilliant presentation.Gameplay-wise I have to acknowledge that there are some noticeable differences from console to PC, more so when you are playing at 60 frames per second, it can be awkward and tough at the times, with units firing at twice the rate that they normally would on PS3, but the game itself plays really damn well.(I will also commend SEGA for promptly acknowledging and providing the PC with a post-release patch that addressed several issues when playing with high frame rates, more specifically tank movement.)I'm glad that SEGA decided to port this to PC, I had been seeking to try this game out for quite a while on my PS3 but unfortunatelly I never managed to snag a copy on retail, I can't believe I almost missed out on playing this gem.This really is an amazing game with great replay value, I love it, so much so that I've decided to re-write my initial review.. and by now I have over 90 hours clocked and I've beat the game a total of 3 times. A solid 10 out of 10 I recommend it to everybody.(Apologies for the almost like 'sales-pitch' review, but I do speak from the heart)"
,Recommended,294860,24307585,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,neverknowsbest,Tactical turn based RTS/FPS style combatYou'll laughYou'll cryYou'll miss shots with 100% accuracyYou'll hit shots with 0% accuracyYou'll recruit barn yard animalsYou'll mediate fights between your alliesYou'll realize how frail humanity isHOW MANY CANNONS??IS THAT TANK THE SIZE OF A LARGE OFFICE???PEW PEW LASER BEAMSIf you like Fire emblemIf you like Final Fantasy TacticsIf you like X-COMcan you just buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥god damnpeace
,Recommended,294860,14124822,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Maga Nosferatu,-Nice storyline-Good game mechanics-Every soldier has a unique personality which can affect combat-Great Game Port10/10 would play againHope they would release VC 2 and VC 3 on steam
,Recommended,294860,13022984,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Jack Shallac,"Having never played the original Valkyria Chronicles I never had very high expectations for the game. After 30+ hours of playing and finally beating the game I can say that this game has soared above and beyond what I wanted to get out of this experience. The story is told amazingly and the passion put into it made me laugh and cry along with the characters. As I said having not played the original game I can't say how good of a port it is from the PS3 but I would definitly recommend this for someone new to the series. Solid controls and the limited mobility by the use of CP (command points) allow you to take full advantage of many actions. The ability to have a ""reaction fire"" is also a new mechanic that I have never seen before but is implemented amazingly into the game, finally being able to fire upon enemies who come into the line of sight prevents many moves that could flat out ruin the game experience for me. Many different unit types and enemies also make this game interesting as each new level brings new enemies and challenges. One of the few games I could give a solid 10/10 to. Now time for the second playthrough!"
,Recommended,294860,22849623,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SN@KE,"I've bought this game 1 year ago and managed to play it only couple weeks ago.Well, i regret not playing it right after purchase.Amazing story and characters with beautiful soundtrack. I really loved customization system. It's not very complicated, so you wont be confused about weapon choice, etc. Turn-based system makes this game much more interesting and sometimes you really need to think about your next move. Also - scouts are OP!Wish there were more story and info about Squad 7 members. Not just book info.Rosie and Marina one love <3"
,Recommended,294860,12921297,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dr Retardkitty,"This was one of the best games on the PS3 for me, and while I've only given it a quick look on Steam, it seems like a good port. The mouse only works when selecting units in game and for controlling units after you select them (i.e. not during the menu interface), and settings can only be adjusted outside of the game, but that's a lot more port effort than some console ports I've seen. Haven't tried to see if it has gamepad support, but I'll probably play it keyboard and mouse just for the mouse aiming.As for the game, I highly recommend it to anyone who likes tactical RPGs but is willing to try something a little different. The art is beautiful, the characters charming, the story is great and the gameplay is fun. Your mileage may vary on the between mission stuff. I liked it, but the upgrade system takes a while to get interesting, and I'm sure some people won't have the patience for selecting the next 'episode' of the story."
,Recommended,294860,13673185,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,StardropCruiser,"Valkyria Chronicles, originally a 2008 PS3 exclusive title, is a fantastic JRPG with a great art style, heartwarming story, and a unique gameplay experience. Without spoiling anything, the game's story takes place in a fictional land based WWII-era Europe with elements of fantasy and Japanese anime. Prejudices, war, death, revenge, family, and romance are themes that VC explores well.The art style of the game is one of its strongest features. VC looks like a water color painting in motion and makes for a great style without seeming too bland. The gameplay is a mix of turn-based and real time strategy combat which can be challenging, but quite rewarding.VC does have its flaws. Since it is a PS3 port, the controls feel much more comfortable on a gamepad rather than a mouse and keyboard. The difficulty of the game is moderate, but it can fluctuate at times and there is a learning curve.Overall, Valkyria Chronicles is an amazing title that is worth playing over and over again."
76561198034646397,Recommended,294860,12906462,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hamerhatsi,"I absolutely adore this game. Its a ps3 classic that slipped under the radar for most people for its simple visual style and animeish look. While it does contain its fair share of anime tropes it still manages to be an extremely engageing experience.The story manages to both be compelling, dramatic and silly with the game possibly being the first to really take a look at consentraition camps and blatant racism. Though its messege just seems to be that its bad. Nonetheless the narrative does keep on being compelling during the entire experience.The gameplay can best be described as x-com meets 3rd person shooters. It manages a almost perfect difficulty curve by giving new exiting challenges on almost all the levels. It really manages to make you think about what strategies you want to use in order to win in the fastes amount possible.Visually the game is stunning, using the best cellshade and shadow effects ive ever seen. That being said texture quality is something that looks like an early ps3 game, since it is. However i feel like they should have taken advantage of the pc horsepower giving a few more effect and higher visual fidelity.At least the game runs smoothly without taxing my system above 10% (both cpu and gpu).In conclusion valkyria chronicles is a must buy for anyone who likes their x-com or similar strategy games or if you are a fan of anime. The mix of the two whilst weird works suprisingly well. A lack of visiual upgrade and cringeworthy english voiceacting being the biggest downfalls of the game. However it is still an abosolute classic!9.5/10"
,Recommended,294860,12885720,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[TA] Rofak,"A more light hearted tactical turnbased strategy game. Not as punishing as some others in the genre. It's a decent port of a great PS3 game! Have fun!Light hearted style and game play, not story. just to clarify."
,Recommended,294860,12977457,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ham w/ t300rs gt,"This is one of the notable JRPGs of last generation of games. I recently played the PS3 game(I was at the Marmota part) before buying this port and a brand new PC rig, in which I had to trade my PS3 copy for Star Ocean 4. I'm thinking that this game surpasses it's original game, just because 60fps at 4k resolution, Game comes with the DLCs at a lower price compared to the PS3 game and it fast to no loading times at all. If you are a fan of SRPGs such as Final Fantasy Tactics(They even got the composer of FFT in this game), this is definitely recommended to you. Replayability is also good since there is Hard mode and EX Hard mode.I am very pleased to see JRPGs come to Steam and hopefully let this be known to Japanese developers that there is a GROWING DEMAND for japan developed-games in Steam, old or new games, there will be a people buying those games.GOOD JOB SEGA, BAYONETTA SERIES  AND HD VALKYRIA CHRONICLES 2/3 ON STEAM PLEASE"
76561198017716490,Recommended,294860,32923811,Posted: 28 June,all,Hisao Nakai,"Pro's:- Game design- Gameplay- StoryCon's:- If you hate anime, this is not your game- Can't think of something else"
,Recommended,294860,12933794,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sir Hallin,"Ammending the review, This game is amazing.I̶̶̶ ̶̶̶h̶̶̶a̶̶̶v̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶p̶̶̶l̶̶̶a̶̶̶y̶̶̶e̶̶̶d̶̶̶ ̶̶̶t̶̶̶h̶̶̶i̶̶̶s̶̶̶ ̶̶̶q̶̶̶u̶̶̶i̶̶̶t̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶a̶̶̶ ̶̶̶b̶̶̶i̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶n̶̶̶o̶̶̶w̶̶̶ ̶̶̶f̶̶̶o̶̶̶r̶̶̶ ̶̶̶t̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶l̶̶̶a̶̶̶s̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶f̶̶̶e̶̶̶w̶̶̶ ̶̶̶d̶̶̶a̶̶̶y̶̶̶s̶̶̶.̶̶̶ ̶̶̶T̶̶̶h̶̶̶i̶̶̶s̶̶̶ ̶̶̶r̶̶̶e̶̶̶v̶̶̶i̶̶̶e̶̶̶w̶̶̶ ̶̶̶i̶̶̶s̶̶̶ ̶̶̶n̶̶̶o̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶b̶̶̶a̶̶̶s̶̶̶e̶̶̶d̶̶̶ ̶̶̶o̶̶̶n̶̶̶ ̶̶̶m̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶f̶̶̶i̶̶̶n̶̶̶i̶̶̶s̶̶̶h̶̶̶i̶̶̶n̶̶̶g̶̶̶ ̶̶̶t̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶g̶̶̶a̶̶̶m̶̶̶e̶̶̶,̶̶̶ ̶̶̶b̶̶̶u̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶r̶̶̶e̶̶̶a̶̶̶c̶̶̶h̶̶̶i̶̶̶n̶̶̶g̶̶̶ ̶̶̶a̶̶̶ ̶̶̶p̶̶̶o̶̶̶i̶̶̶n̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶w̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶r̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶i̶̶̶ ̶̶̶f̶̶̶e̶̶̶e̶̶̶l̶̶̶ ̶̶̶o̶̶̶v̶̶̶e̶̶̶r̶̶̶w̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶l̶̶̶m̶̶̶i̶̶̶n̶̶̶g̶̶̶l̶̶̶y̶̶̶ ̶̶̶p̶̶̶o̶̶̶s̶̶̶i̶̶̶t̶̶̶i̶̶̶v̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶a̶̶̶b̶̶̶o̶̶̶u̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶t̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶g̶̶̶a̶̶̶m̶̶̶e̶̶̶.̶̶̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶e̶n̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶c̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶b̶e̶ ̶s̶h̶i̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶i̶ ̶w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶l̶e̶a̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶i̶ ̶a̶m̶ ̶n̶o̶w̶ ̶h̶a̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶e̶n̶ ̶a̶n̶ ̶h̶o̶n̶o̶r̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶p̶r̶i̶v̶i̶l̶e̶g̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶.̶I have been taking my time enjoying this gem. I have played it quite a bit since launch and i have found no flaws.graphics gameplay and plot are all above satisfactory. Not only is the game gorgeous, but the gameplay is fluid, clever, action packed, and above all FUN!Music: The orchestral score for this could win it many awards, an amazing complement to the experience.As for the VO, the characters all feel really well fleshed out and relateable, as well as interesting. even the minor squad mates all feel like they have personality. The voice actors do a superb job in their roles and the dialogue is great, nothing feels lost in translation.15/10. Do yourself a favor. play this game. Its perfection is rivaled by very few."
,Recommended,294860,12927376,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Shocky,"A great port and a must play. Only downside is that the cutscenes aren't rendered in game, so they look like the non-anti aliased and low resolution PS3 version."
,Recommended,294860,21333545,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Stevoisiak,"Think XCom meets Anime World War II.This game has great characters, great story, great strategic gameplay, great artstyle, and one heartwarming ending. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,294860,30298214,Posted: 3 March,all,Shadgam™,"Where do I even begin with a game like this? There’s so much to talk about in all of the things that work together to make this game just absolutely fantastic. Well to start off i’ll say that this game is one of the few games I actually felt so invested in that I wanted to max it out to 100% completion(and I did with lots of grinding and hours of pain). Now here’s the rest of what I believe makes Valkyria Chronicles just an absolute masterpiece.+Pros+Story: You play as Welkin Gunther ,the leader of Squad 7, in the second World War that’ll determine the future of the fictional land of Gallia. The stakes are already set quite high as your Squad is the determining factor of whether or not your home will be a free, independent nation or fall under Imperial control. Now early in the game is the part where your squad kicks tons of♥♥♥♥♥and takes names as the up and coming tactical genius ,Welkin Gunther, does absolutely crazy things to take back the land currently under Imperial control and everybody has a good time.However, the real strength comes from the major development ofWelkin’s sister,Isara, diesand the effects of it ripple throughout the rest of the game as all characters now realize that yes this is war and with it comes sacrifice. This in turn separates Valkyria Chronicles from standard games where the protagonists can just do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want without much getting in their way and makes the game’s story all the more  impactful.+Soundtrack: Wonderful, whether you’re fighting an army that massively outnumbers the rag tag militia under your control or you need to slow things down and have a touching moment between squad members the soundtrack always fits the mood and helps investment in the overall story.+Characters: All the soldiers under your command have their own diary entries to explain  why they have a certain quirk and why they wanted to join the war as well as the things they do with their lives after the war is over. Now for your main cast they have certain special missions you can unlock to help you understand their motivations and have insight into their pasts that make them act the way they are now. Overall, these features help overall investment into the game as you want them all to succeed and have their dreams come true and it makes it all the more crushing when I explain to you what can stop that.+Gameplay: First and foremost this game is a mix between tactical turn based Rpg and third-person cover based shooter. The formula works relatively well as your troops level up they’ll be able to aim much better than when they first start out and the game does a good job at explaining the mechanics in the beginning. Also, it helps give you the commander feeling as you’ll want to position your troops so they can shoot at moving troops when your turn is up and vice-versa. To help with the tactical Rpg sense you can also issue orders such as artillery strikes or heal up to assist your squad in combat. Now here’s the most important part, this game does have permadeath for your squad (this is war remember!). However, it’s a lot more lenient than say a game like X-com, you’ll have about 3 turns to rescue a squadmate after they fall in combat and they’ll be safely evacuated but if you’re unsuccessful they will die and will no longer be usable for the rest of the playthrough. This helps build tension as your actions will impact who will be able to survive this war. The gameplay provides a good balance between a little fun run and gun with a slow paced tactical positioning for more strategy oriented players.+Artstyle: You’ll notice that the character designs are very anime like but it doesn’t distract too much from the main game and it helps blend with the color palette of the background environments when you’re fighting on the battlefield. Pretty pleasing to the eye and helps them have a defining design for gameplay clarity purposes.-Cons-Cover System: While there are other objects that can provide cover ,such as boxes, you can only duck and cover behind sandbags which in certain missions can be really detrimental to your objective as the Imperials will shoot you down very quickly if you can’t reach cover.-Challenge Missions: Now if you aim for 100% completion like I did this can be absolute headache as the missions are entirely based on how many turns you can complete the mission as opposed to other factors such as kills or minimal loss of squad members. This means that if you want an A-Rank on these special missions it’s entirely dependent on how well Alicia’s skills will activate making the missions less about being a tactical genius and more about how lucky you are with RNG.-Graveyard: The graveyard is a bit lacking because if a squad member does die instead of actually being able to examine their grave to pay respects you can only talk to an old man for more orders making it less immersive overall.There’s so much more i’d like to write about but the review is getting pretty long now so to sum it up the game is a solid 9/10. If you're a fan of tactical rpgs rich in story then this is a game that must be picked up."
,Recommended,294860,29212190,Posted: 12 January,all,Vladkins,"10/10 - Unlike any other turn based tactics game. Genre defining. Try Mordheim if you like this.+ Engaging art style+ Good story that moves the player forward+ Tanks!+ Challenging combat, unique missions, extensive customizations+ Optional objectives with balanced risk/reward+ Plays like XCOM EU if moving was fully done in Unreal Engine minus the strategy map- Somewhat cartoony & plenty of cheese"
,Recommended,294860,30142806,Posted: 24 February,all,destro,"The game that single handedly proved to me that SEGA can make AAA RPGS back on 7th gen, nearly 10 years ago. Played it on PS3, never regretted buying it again. As a SRPG fan, you'd be doing yourself a dis-service not to check this game out. Great story, and fun, satisfying victories."
,Recommended,294860,12885914,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JIMFO.LIT,+120 fps audio+protect anime smiles+realistic tank combat+impressive (but not surprising)+音声がランダムに日本語に変更し、いくつかの回+Hey Soldier ♪+casual hair prejudice
,Recommended,294860,24808726,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GeneSteeler,"Duration: 40 hours (main game without extras)Playing Valkyria Chronicles is like watching a Studio Ghibli TV series where in each episode there is a tactical battle that is played in FPS turn-based mode.  Without doing a full review the story was top notch and one of the best I've ever experienced in a video game.  The art style and animations were top quality and the voice acting was also pretty good.  Much of the game will be spent watching these cut scenes which explains the massive 26GB harddrive space needed.The tactical combat was fun and a wide variety of missions is thrown at the player.  The game starts off easy showing you the ropes before you put your team together Jagged Alliance style.  The characters have a wide variety of personalities and the game is not without humour.For the actual combat you have a number of command points to move your characters and issue orders.  Once selected it turns into a First Person Perspective for movement.  Characters have a finite number of action points to spend moving and get one attack per activation anytime during their move.  The blend of FPS and turn-based tactical is unique and flows very well.  Defensive fire keeps the tension up.In between battles there is the headquarters where you can assign experience to your classes, buy R&D, equip found weapons, and a number of other strategic tasks. There are also skirmish battles you can reply if you find your experience of money lacking.A few negatives keep this from becoming a 10.  First are the tank controls.  Moving the tank in FPS mode almost works but takes a while to get used to.  I spent a couple activations early on spastic-ing in place while trying to inch forward.  Sometimes the controls are hard to move forward just a little to repair sandbags or disarm mines.Another negative is the mid-game battle versus the giant tank which was almost depressing.  Aside from that though, the battles were great. It was almost information overload once the headquarters is introduced, although it doesn't take long to understand and get into it.All in all, the graphics, art style, story, squad-building tactical fun is like nothing I've ever played before.  After 40 hours I was sad to see the story end although it did so with Ghibli delight. Overall I have no difficulty recommending this game. 9/10."
,Not Recommended,294860,21998418,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Nicholas,"Valkyria Chronicles makes a great first impression. It looks gorgeous, has a stack of content and seems to have an interesting tale to tell. Unfortunately, the illusion crumbles over time, resulting in a thorougly disappointing experience.It is not a strategy game. It is a glorified puzzle game, and not a very good one at that. It's riddled with exploits, unbalanced mechanics and awful AI - the sort which will send infantry running head-first at your tank. There are some interesting ideas there, but it's just so poorly executed. The main strategy involved seems to be replaying missions over and over again to learn enemy positions and understand the often obtuse gimmicks and quirks - a railing which somehow absorbs all shots in chapter 10, for instance. It's a grind, and not an enjoyable or rewarding one.If the story was great it might be worthwhile, but despite some early promise it quickly descends into trite dialogue and grating anime tropes. The attempt at a serious story is undermined by the juvenile battlefield quips and the dissonant nature of the objectives - throw your people into risky situations to win as fast as possible. It's hard to get caught up in a dark tale of the horrors of war when you have soldiers who squeal ""Yay! Happy grass!"" at the sight of a meadow.After forming such a positive first impression, I found this game profoundly disappointing."
,Recommended,294860,12946721,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, VERY BIG RECOMMENDATION!!! This game has a fantastic art style, pays respects to civilians and soldiers who lost their lives in WWII and just shines in quality. WOW, SEGA! You've impressed me so much with this game! This is the SEGA I remembered as a KID! :)Square Enix should take some lessons from SEGA and Nihon Falcom (The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky) on how to port a console game to PC. This game runs FLAWLESSLY! There's no graphical settings, but the game engine seems to scale the texture, shadow and particle effects quality settings in respect to your game resolution which works quite well! I can run this game at 4K downsampled to 1080P and everything runs at 60fps!!! AWESOME!Now, I do want to give you folks a serious bit of advice... THERE'S NO AUTOSAVE! So save your game after each mission.. because this game isn't 100% stable when it comes to alt-tabbing.. I've had it crash on me twice... and had to redo some missions which was annoying because I was too stupid to manually save  after doing each mission haha... so you've been warned. :PThis game just RUNS so smooth! I can't get over that hahaha... there are only a few minor performance problems... two in fact. First? The title screen is locked at 30fps so it feels sluggish compared to any other part of the game, including the book mode menus which run at 60fps.... second? The cutscenes have no upscaling filters and are not 1080P quality.. they used I'm guessing the PS3 versions which are 720P which don't look as good as the rest of the game... but that's just two minor nit-picks that barely detract from this game.Now? Let's talk about the game... Valkyria Chronicles is based off of WWII in the country of Gallum... which I'm guessing is the Netherlands if you look at the game's map of Europa. Gallum is a neutral country that was forced into EWWII (Europa World War II) by the invading forces of East European Imperial Alliance (aka The Empire) for the precious resource of Ragnite (the game's equivalent of the real world's oil / fuel... or if you love Command & Conquer? Tiberium! w00t! loved old school CNC). The game follows a handful of protagonists and their allies, plus a few of what the game calls ""optional custscenes"" of antagonists... now, I must say.. optional cutscenes? I'll watch them anyways. I love a damn good storyline... but I know some people aren't as patient as me lol, so they'll enjoy the ability to skip optional cutscenes.The combat takes a bit to adjust to since it's very much an active-turn-based combat system... think of it as a kind of mix of Xcom (or Final Fantasy Tactics) with Syndicate (or regular Final Fantasy)... as you move your units around? Enemy troops will constantly shoot at you as you move around!! So keep an eye on your map, which direction they're pointed in and make your actions count! Once you're done shooting / healing / repairing / etc? Mash that ESC (or whatever gamepad button it is, haven't tried gamepad on this yet heh) button and END YOUR ACTION!! That? or quickly run your unit behind something to hide... because after you take an action? The enemy will start shooting you again. It takes a bit to wrap your head around when you're playing the game as I thought I was in the safe-zone.. and then bullets started flying again so I had to spring baction into action and try to end my actions before my poor unit lots all of their health due to my apathy haha... oops.Training your troops goes by classes which is a lot more forgiving than games like Xcom where you shouted at your PC... ""NOO!!! I just spent hours traning that guy just for him to get gutted!! Now I need to replace him with a greenhorn half ways through the game!? WEAAAAAKKK!!!"".. Nope! This game? You loose a Lancer? Dammit... but at least the next Lancer still has the same training level. It still does suck to lose soldeirs though, as they can have some really darn handy ""Personal Potentials"" and ""Battle Potentials""... which are kind of like the Perks from Fallout. They'll get advantages / disadvantages in combat depending on if they are near certain types of people (fellow Shocktroopers, tanks, males, dust, paved roads, etc) and have certain other soldiers they will ""Like"" which allows them to perform combination actions with them if they're near each other... so if you have a little squad of three that like each other? All three can potentially shoot their weapons together if one of them attacks / counter-attacks.Just... YEAH!!!! This combat system is so well thought out... well, everything about this game is well though out! It's a VERY VERY HIGH RECOMMENDATION! A special gem on the PS3 gets the special port to PC it deserves for a wider audience to enjoy. My hat off to thee SEGA for making this game and then giving it the care and attention it deserves for this port. :)"
76561198204267640,Recommended,294860,30852391,Posted: 31 March,all,B-B-B-Baka !,"If Fire Emblem had a PC game, this would be it."
,Recommended,294860,14342046,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kabwamow,"Normally, jRPGs are played for its story telling: you just keep going (through countless, sometimes stressful, enemy battles) just so you can know what happens in the end, because simply most of them are very well written. On Valkyria Chronicles’ case, however, I’d say it is the opposite: the gameplay is what the game has of appeal while its story, although not bad by any means, is pretty predictable and straight forward. It’s more of a game to have fun rather than to get a master piece of a story.StoryIt’s decent, but follows an anime-esque order of events which makes it feel a little generic: boy finds girl, both fight against an evil dude who wants to conquer the world, boy and girl realize they are in love with each other, boy, girl and a squad of around 8 more people defeat armies seventeen times larger because “friendship and love are stronger than anything else”. That’s pretty much it. You know how the game ends pretty much 3 hours in, maybe even less, depending on how used you are to this kind of story. The game, however, still has some really nice cut scenes now and then, which are pretty well done and cool.The characters are OK, and you end up liking the main ones: they all have their own personalities and they are not (well, not most of them) bland. One thing that I thought was poorly executed, however, is that pretty much only five characters from your squad legitimately participate on the story, while the others that you choose to make part of your army just take part on the missions and that’s it. The game gave each one of them a biography, an unique personality and people they like/dislike, but they’ll never have dialogues or interactions with other characters (as in, by their biographies, Ted and Marina seem to have a hilarious relationship, but you can’t really see anything about it anywhere). I feel like making something like Fire Emblem, where you can develop relationships between characters on missions if they keep fighting together, and thus being able to see cut scenes of  them interacting with each other would be something really great for this game.GameplayThat’s where the game shines. Around the lines of XCOM, Valkyria Chronicles is a turn-based shooting game with all the RPG elements it should have, using equips, status and aiming to decide how much damage each attack does.  The missions and their objectives are very creative, and it’s really rare to have ones which you just have to “capture the enemy’s base”, or “kill all enemies”. Although the early game is fine, things really get good on late game, where you can’t just rush the enemy thinking there’s nothing to lose: some of the ending missions require the player to elaborate their own strategies to succeed (otherwise, you’re plain dead), and when they actually work, it feels really rewarding, especially when you’re aiming for a mission rank A. The leveling system on the game works in a way that you actually level up the classes, and not the characters: this way, all the characters of that specific class will be the same level, making it pretty much impossible to grind just one character to beast-levels and soloing the whole game with him, like many other jRPGs . All five classes are well designed and balanced, and you need to use all of them throughout the game.It has its flaws, however: I felt like the aiming of the characters is just way too awful, to levels that really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. On late missions, where missing a shot sometimes is really not an option, seeing your character failing an almost point-blank shot by a lot is not really nice, and may lose you the whole mission. The aiming gets better as the game continues, yes, but they sometimes still miss ridiculously easy shots…just because. By the way, it’s so bad early game, that I didn’t even bother using snipers until chapter 10+ (which is way after middle game). They just couldn’t hit anything at all.Another thing is that controlling tanks was TERRIBLE. I played the game with keyboard+mouse, and while WASD controlled the direction of the tank, so did the mouse…and, since you need the mouse to change the camera to know where you’re going , and the keyboard to actually move forward or backwards, you need to use both at the same time, and boy, does that confuse the game. The tank sometimes goes the complete opposite direction you wanted it to go, wasting a lot of precious Action Points for nothing.Final Score: 8/10Overall, a very nice game, with really fun and challenging missions.  My biggest issue was indeed with the story, as it felt like the writers didn’t really want to risk doing something out of the box and just went on with what normally sells.If you think Naruto has a great story, however, for you I’d give the game a 9/10, as you’d be able to enjoy it as whole much more."
76561198011978520,Recommended,294860,15898156,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,The Curious Pyro,"As someone who doesn't like JRPGs, I absolutely love this game. It's pretty much Xcom, but with a third person shooter mechanic and Nazis. Combat is surprisingly in-depth and can lead to some intense moments in-game.The story itself is pretty good, being about 2 young adults commanding a platoon( I refuse to call them a squad. It has 20 people in it for god's sake) while going through the horrors of war. Despite its fantasy elements, it quite down to Earth in it's portrayal, filled with tearjerkers and heartwarming moments. I also really liked the characters, finding myself becoming really attached to them as the game progresses. My personal favorites are Jane the sadistic psychopath and Jann the token gay guy(voiced by Bender btw).Soundtrack is also pretty good. Same with the voice acting, though there is Japanese for the weebs out there.As for performance, I managed to run it a constant 60 fps on a cpu that has frame dips on Half Life 2. You won't need to worry about your potato running it.Overall, pretty good game(except for Chapter 7. That chapter deserves 7 shocktroopers scorching it with their flamethrowers) and one I highly recommend for those that enjoy turn base strategy."
,Recommended,294860,12961124,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TruuBluu,My squad is one gigantic harem 10/10 Alicia best girl
76561198038807347,Recommended,294860,26169606,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Wappen,"""YES"" if you are not so serious in strategic aspects or just wanna enjoy storiez.""NO"" if you want to have serious strategy game and expect this to be anime XCOM.The good and the worst+ Interesting dramatic story.+ Customizable rooster and (some) equipments.- I was expecting a good strategy game but you got war puzzle game instead. Game encourages you to rush instead of quality play.How strategic aspects was bad:- If you attempt to play ""flawless"" game (as in XCOM standard), kills all enemies while taking least damage, you thought you are cool! The game tells you, TOO BAD, C or D for you, with huge decrease in reward.- To get A, you spam scout's turn, ignore 80% of enemies in the map, rush to the flag as if scout was on steriods, your main force done nothing - just here to sightseeing, now you got A and 3 times the reward! Cool! What's the point of main force, other classes?- The reward system implies you to play this way, else you will have to grind from other skermish map. If the grade had no impact or only a little impact on reward, I would not criticize this point.- Cover/bunker system is broken, flanking enemy crouching behind his bunker does nothing, you still attack with reduced damage!- The game almost force you to deploy main characters everytime, because if you dont deploy these guys, you dont get extra CP and will be at disadvantage, resulting in lower grade.Although I was fustrated on its gameplay but somehow enjoyed the game in overall. I was fan for both JP games and XCOM. Barely thumb up for this."
,Recommended,294860,17769291,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,EmbracerOfDusk,"This is the overall best game SEGA has made since giving up hardware in 2001. Unfortunately, when it originally released on the PS3, it came out at the absolute worst time. It was a time where JRPG's like this were being looked down on, the PS3 itself was not doing well thanks to the high price and 360's headstart, aand SEGA themselves really didn't do much marketing for the game regardless. So it wasn't the smash hit it should have been.Hopefully now that its on Steam, more people will discover this awesome game. And this is the best version of the game, as well."
,Recommended,294860,34430408,Posted: 22 August,all,Dewzy,"GET THIS GAME! Especially if you like games like Xcom, Disgaea, and Fire Emblem.Pros:+ Laura Bailey+ Tactical Gameplay that doesn't get repetitive+ Alicia+ Great Artstyle+ Great MusicCons:- Some classes are underpowered- Tanks are kind of annoying to deal with- Wheres Valkyria Chronicles 2 and 3 on steam?!?!"
76561198030934507,Recommended,294860,24493172,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Crank The IV Up To 11 Max,The only military in the world where it`s okay to have relations with your CO.10/10 would anime WWII again
76561198011864330,Recommended,294860,26485734,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,baggywhacker,"Just a thoroughly enjoyable, absorbing, brilliant game that will suck you in and eat up days of your life. I genuinely had to get everything that I wanted to do in a day done before I booted this up, because I knew once I did I wouldn't be moving for 8 hours.  It's very rare that I find a game that I just want to play for hour after hour, day after day, and when I'm not playing it I'm just looking forward to getting back into it. Starcraft, Rome Total war, XCom EU are on that list, and now VC joins them.VC is 50% Visual Novel and 50% ""TBS-with-a-twist"" first time through, and you should only consider it if you like BOTH types of game. (After the first run through you'll not bother with the story and jump straight into missions, but doing that first time round totally defeats the object of the game). The game is broken down into chapters, and each chapter tends to have about 5 or 6 story segments and one big fight. If you're just after combat and action, you'll be frustrated. Having said that, I don't usually play VNs, but the story in VC is so engaging and the characters so likeable you'll get totally wrapped up in the epic storyline. Alternate-Europe gets swept up into war, local people become war heroes, concentration camps are liberated, characters you get to care about fall in love or suddenly die. Magic happens. Giant, battleship-sized tanks explode.I say TBS-with-a-twist because VC uses a mechanic I've not come across before. It IS turn-based, but the defenders can still react. As an example, if your active character runs 50 metres, hunkers down in cover and lobs a grenade at an enemy 20 metres away with his back to you, it's all good. If you start your turn and decide to run face-first into an enemy with a heavy machine gun pointed at you, he'll mow you down. I'm used to TBS games where I can simply saunter up to an enemy and stand one hex in front of him while he's miraculously frozen in time doing nothing, so VC's system is certainly more realistic. It's better than XCom's Overwatch option too, as that's just a one-free-shot deal, whereas one defender could happily mow down your entire squad on your turn if you decide to be an idiot.You can see the artstyle from the screenshots. Some people may prefer cutting-edge, ultra-realistic 3D graphics and won't like this, but personally I absolutely loved it. If you're a fan of Japanese animation, Studio Ghibli-type artwork it's a real treat.There are a couple of minor flaws. First up, like many people I messed up with the confusing save system. As others have commented, it's easy to think there's only one save slot because scrolling on the save screen is not at all obvious. Unlike a lot of games that track your campaign progress and keep a record of the fact that, for example, you've completed 12 out of 18 chapters, each save is COMPLETELY independent in VC, so if you mess up and save a new game where you're on the first mission over your save file where you're at the final mission, it's all permanently gone. This wouldn't be an issue if the possibility of multiple saves was more obvious, but if you're pre-warned it's no biggie. I managed this because I'd got to the final mission but was getting pooned because my squad was under-powered, so I  was doing an optional side-mission, which was very long and in multiple parts, to get more xp. I had to call it quits for the night so I saved halfway through. The next day I was horrified to realise that this side-mission was now literally my only save, and when I wanted to switch back to the main campaign I had to start at the very first mission again. I hope that makes sense - in a nutshell, be aware of the possibility of multiple saves and use many of them to be safe!Here's the interesting point though. With most games, if you play 40 or 50 hours and then by being a total tard you lose ALL your progress, you'd usually (1) scream yourself hoarse (2) put your fist through your monitor (3) put a jihad out on the feckin developers and (4) delete the game in a ragequit and swear never to play it, or anything by the developer, ever again. In my case, after only a minute of kicking myself, I realised that this meant I would have to start the campaign all over again, AND THIS WAS A GOOD THING BECAUSE THIS TIME I COULD DO IT BETTER! Remember I said I was getting pooned in the final fight because my squad was under-powered? The xp you get to upgrade your units is based on how well you complete each mission. Since I was scraping crappy wins with a C or D rating most of the time, and not doing side-missions, my xp had been limited and my squad were all about level 11 or 12. When I re-started, I was getting A or B ratings and playing all side-missions, so when I got to the final fight they were around level 17 or 18 and had a much easier time.Well, if you're still reading, you must genuinely be thinking about trying VC, in which case the advice is simple: do it, you'll love it!"
,Recommended,294860,13251525,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ohoho,Can change in-game language to japanese. 10/10
76561198038976802,Recommended,294860,12956669,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,oCULUS,"TL Won't Read: 9/10. Good story/them historical references/weapons. In-depth n' stuff. Slow but tactical gameplay. RNG trolls hard. Buy it now pls.This game is actually surprisingly in depth. It seemed very linear with a campaign-only visual novel esque style, but without the romance. Well it turns out I couldn't have been more off.Instead what I paid for was an extensive Semi-RPG/Strategy game with an enjoyable campaign and combat flexibility. Upgrades, passives, special abilities, weapons, etc (And some romance... god damnit). The gameplay is very smooth and easy to get into due to simple controls and mechanics. For you die-hard strategists out there, the game is easy to learn, but hard to master. It's welcoming to non-strategy players who just want to play through the story. At the same time, it can be extremely hard to plan and reach for utmost efficiency for the highest rank. The skirmish option allows you to replay levels for those extra hardcore perfect-run gamers seeking to get the spotless win (Me being one of them). You can even change the voices to Japanese if you're tired of hearing horribly awkward English voice acting!It's hard not to like this game even if you don't particularly go for WWII based games. The story/concept is appealing for the average player. World War history buffs will drool over the historical references and weapons. My favorite of course being the Lancaar Anti-Tank-Gun-Thing that reminds me of the Panzer Faust. Albiet the gameplay can seem slow paced at time, it makes you stop and think rather than going Leroy Jenkins all over the enemy. Furthermore, each of the characters' unique personalities makes it easy to get attached to them, and hard to simply have them charge like a pawn.There are no ""choose your lifelong partner"" options or super complex MMORPG skill trees. If you're looking for something ridiculously open-world and free then move along. Additionally the RNG can get a bit frustrating. Such as having your favorite stormtrooper sniped across the map by a tank... twice. I've had one or two hair-ripping, vein-popping, desk-flipping moments where seemingly easy shots will fly right over targets. Occasionally the the tanks you control spazz out and turn in wrong directions, or your soldiers will fire their entire clip into the ground because ""F*** You"" that's why. There's even some racism against the fictional race of dark-sins... darksens... darxsens... darcsens? It starts with a D or something. Oh and some characters get a power buff just by getting turned on... Just don't ask.Regardless of the small peeves, this game is definitely worth the money and the time."
,Recommended,294860,15136535,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,🅱uck from 🅱aladins,"Main three female protagonists wear military mini-skirts and standard army-issue panties, Marina best Sniper in the game is female, Jane best Shocktrooper with 307% dmg capability is female, Audrey best Lancer that can OHKO a Boss Tank is female, Aika best waifu is female, and most importantly I recruited Aisha, a twelve-year old girl, into my militia squad.WWII/10 would draft an army full of women again."
,Recommended,294860,26940591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yakuza Girl,"This game is much better than I thought it would be. The Turn-Based strategy mixed with real-time 3rd person combat is pretty well done, much better than I imagined it.The map is populated with enemy units, with your own placed prior to the mission at specific control points. You have a variety of soldiers to build your own squad with, including Snipers, Heavies, Troopers, Scouts, and Anti-Tank units. Each individual soldier have several individual traits and personalities that make them unique and suited to different environments and situations, making pre-planning worth while. Knowing your soldiers strengths, weaknesses, personality, etc., even down to who they work best with and who they don't. Mix in equipment and upgrades, not to mention a customizable tank, and this game doesn't fall short on the prep. It's simple enough for the less forward thinkers to jump in to battle, but a good strategist makes the difference (and yes, permadeath exists).Once the battle starts, the fighting takes place in turns. You have a certain amount of command points, which you need to move your units. You spen command points to select units to move from an overhead map, then move them from a third person over-the-shoulder perspective. Each unit has a stamina bar, which determines how much you can move the unit around. When you aim, you're stuck in place Resident Evil style, allowing you to take your shot. Your unit shoots, then your opponent shoots in turns. You have a choice of weapons and tools, which vary based on what unit you've selected. You've got some support squadmates, like an Engineer, who disables mines and repair the tank, and some support tools, which includes a healing item and ammo packs. As stated above, some individuals have unique skills, which can affect the battle in a lot of ways, such as a unit with the Tank Killer trait do more damage to tanks, misandrist characters won't work well with male sqaud mates, and so much more. As the commander, you can issue orders, such as a retreat, heal, damage boost, accuracy boosts, morter support, etc. There's a lot to do and take in, but the game's difficulty curve does a good job of introducing all this stuff to you slowly and thoughoughly.Once that's done, a story happens, and it's a great story. You can press A or Space to continue the story. There's main missions, side missions, challenges, and so much more."
76561197994967934,Recommended,294860,12921618,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Captain Cold,Amazingly fun game and a good port. Hope SEGA will port the other two games
76561197980446133,Recommended,294860,13075027,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,YangXiaoLong,"Truly amazing game in all aspects. Fantastic music, rich detailed story and characters, great graphics and interesting gameplay that can be challenging but not impossible. My favourite game of all times.Now please release VC2 and 3 on steam thank you Sega."
,Recommended,294860,12963348,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,✭✭Kayaba ✭✭,I hope this game pushes more Japanese developers games on to steam since thier is a precence for anime games in the market.
,Recommended,294860,12977383,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WeskerBot3000,"To quote Yahtzee:""Angsty teenagers defending the hundred acre wood from mean old uncle Adolf.""10/10 GOTY"
76561198100585731,Recommended,294860,13670603,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vyp3rX,"I played half of the game on my PS3 and I fell in love with it. When it came out on Steam, I bought it the very first time it went on sale (although the game is more than worth its full price) There isn't much I can say that hasn't already been said, so I'll just keep it short.The good:Great visuals. Everything is rendered to look like a watercolor painting. It truly blends the anime art style with 3D environment.Engaging storyline. It is rather simple and somewhat predictable, but it's well written enough to keep you wanting to progress through the game.Well developed characters. All main characters have a unique backstory, and they actually affect the skills of the characters (called 'Potentials' in the game)Exceptional fun combat. It really requires you to think about the moves that you're making. Every choice you make is crucial, from which unit to deploy first, to which direction your unit should face after their turn. It's a fair system, if you fail, it's only because you did something wrong. Each battle is rather long and failing it can mean restarting all over if you didn't save or you initial setup is wrong. But it never feel like a chore to retry a battle.Some people have complained that the pre-rendered cutscenes look outdated because they're rendered in 720p. I can barely tell the difference, and that's saying something since I play all my games at max and 60fps. I suppose the difference is unnoticeable because of the anime-like art style.Full controller support. I actually played this using the PS3 controller and MotioninJoy DS3 toolThe bad:Occasionally, I experienced lag. It would usually last 1 turn, and would return to normal once you go from unit view to command view. It is quite infrequent and not a major problem.So, if you're a fan of RPG, especially JRPG, this is a must have."
,Recommended,294860,13225408,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Your Local Milkman,"You don't know the meaning of under appreciated until you've played Valkyria Chronicles. Without a doubt, I can say this is my all time favorite strategy and PS3 game. It has a beautiful soundtrack along with amazing graphics. The game also comes with a colorful cast of characters and is very story oriented.Now, if you don't enjoy cut scenes . . . chances are you will still love this game. Although you may find yourself sitting through cut scene after cut scene, each help develop the story and truly tell you just what type of game the creators were trying to make. I'm also a bit disappointed on the game's length, but that's probably because of this games uniqueness that isn't offered anywhere else.I will also mention that this game does indeed have two sequels. Unfortunately, both were released on the PSP, so don't expect a PC port. Plus, only the second Valkyria Chronicle is available in English. On the bright side, there is a fan made English patch available online for those of you interested.To sum up my lengthy review: BUY THIS GAME! BUY IT NOW! PLEASE SUPPORT THE MOST UNDER APPRECIATED GAME IN HISTORY!"
,Recommended,294860,12886260,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nee-Hime,"Its not like I wanted this or anything SEGA.Its about time, stupid idiot company. Hmph.Seriously though it looks like a solid port in terms of technical standards, its Valkyria as you know and love it if you are a fan of the series.If you are new to the franchise then sure take a look at this simply because its a grossly overlooked game due to its presentation. For an animated game the art style is beautiful, beyond that of any animated game I have ever played. The story is surprisingly deep as well and handles many facets of wartime life and experience.I will say I had issues when running 16:10 with letterboxing, but using an external tool has sorted that out. Edit: Sound issues have been fixed with a patch within hours of release, what a lovely job SEGA are doing with supporting this game. Though if you are still having trouble, try switching speakers to 5.1 mode and disabling all but the ones you have, sound should work perfectly then.Hans/10"
76561198140872891,Recommended,294860,12937115,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Southes,"Great Game! 21.6 hours in and I'm still in the thick of it, the campaign is long and the story is riveting. The PC port is outstanding, nothing feels lacking compared to the PS3 counterpart."
,Recommended,294860,12921613,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jaktajj,My favourite game of the PS3/Xbox 360 generation comes to steam! Definitely a strong contender for my favourite of all time.
,Recommended,294860,16572611,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Adventurer,step 1: kill an enemystep 2: disregard the life you have just takenstep 3: give a flashy victory poseRepeat process to VICTORY FOR GAHLIA
,Not Recommended,294860,15636687,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ayvah,"I was sold on the game Valkyria Chronicles because it was supposed to have good strategy in a turn based format, and it was supposed to be frank about the horrors of war in an alternate universe mash-up of the two World Wars. This is what I had read about in reviews, and my mouth watered with anticipation of seeing this handled with the flair of an anime.The StoryThis didn't feel like a game about war or about the military. There is an analogue to the Holocaust when the evil army burns down a building full of Darcsens (a race of black haired people). All the death happens off-screen, and the Darcsens in your squad (including one who had been living with them for a few months) effectively react with, ""Oh well, such is life."" No one ever mentions this again.Of course, at another point the whole squad gets two weeks of leave because a named character dies. Everyone just decided to put the war on hold, I guess.Also, the problem with the Valkyria. The game starts out being mostly grounded in the idea of warfare against enemy soldiers, tanks etc. But about half way through the game it throws that idea out the window and it ends up about these characters with superpowers, supertanks, and other absurd ideas that ruin the tactical grounding it established in the beginning.The TacticsWhile the game is tactical, in a sense, often it boils down to rushing the enemy and shooting them in the face at close range to kill them before they can counterattack. The same tactic works for tanks which can be insta-killed if you strike their weak point. This feels like a poor replication of the battlefield.The Command Point system is open to exploitation. There are many times I've spent almost an entire turn's worth of command points on a single unit who would single-handedly mow down the majority of the enemy. If the AI exploited this system as badly as I could, we wouldn't stand a chance.The combination of these two factors make the victories feel rather hollow, as I never really felt the illusion of feeling like I was playing against an intelligent opponent.The biggest tactical challenge you have in this game is enemies who spawn suddenly without warning in a location that is not an established spawn point. You can position a soldier in a great tactical position only to have a swarm of enemies spawn on top of him and kill him before you have a chance to react. The battles become less about genuine tactics and more about replaying the battles in order to anticipate these spontaneous events."
,Recommended,294860,12885988,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheRooKie,"MY ADVICE . . . ?!JUST BUY THIS MASTERPIECE, IT WORTH THE PRICE, AND WORTH THE TIME XDBEST GAME EVAR!!!!1000/10"
76561197993524223,Recommended,294860,12976526,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Isean,"Of all of the turn based RPG's I have played over the years, this has got to be one of the most enjoyable games I have touched. Immediately up there with FF7, Chrono Trigger, and Legend of Dragoon. The tactics are XCOM like in a way that totally fits, and the story is amazing to the point that I desperately hinged on every word from every character. Yes...EVERY character is voiced, and voiced EXTREMELY well. The picture chats keep the game from getting bogged down in cinematics, and the overall flow is very smooth. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone with a penchant for TBS games. And if you into story-based games. I played a very casual playthrough, going through everything I could...and JUST finished the game at something near 28 hours played. TOTALLY worth the $20 USD I spent on it.So good I am going for a full round two, got to get top ranks on every mission in this game, its that good."
76561198040833614,Recommended,294860,22917956,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ski_bum_9684,"Man, talk about a hidden gem! I had never heard of this game before I saw it on Steam for %75 percent off during a Sega sale promotion. I was browsing through what games were available and, unfortunately for Sega, reviews on most of the offerings were unfavorable. But Valkyria Chronicles stood out with overwhelmingly positive reviews, and I can say now that I've reached the end of the game that every positive review it received was well deserved.Without giving anything away, it has a complex but not overwhelming battle system that is part turn-based strategy, part third person shooter, which remains enjoyable and challenging until the very last battle. The story is touching and keeps you guessing throughout each chapter. Simply put I've never played a game like this; with all the COD clones and sequels nowadays its really refreshing to see something so original in both gameplay and story line. The only unfortunate fact is that more people don't know about this great offering from Sega."
,Recommended,294860,12891004,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FluffyQuack,"Excellent turn based tactical strategy game featuring a bread baking female soldier with really bouncy hair.Unlike some other recent PC ports which shall not be named, there's no rifle animations locked to 30 fps, it actually supports resolutions, escape key doesn't spontaneously make the game explode, and performace is a constant smooth 60fps (or even higher if your display supports it) on practically any computer. The only downside right now are some minor audio issues which I hope and expect Sega will patch. Aside from that, this is an excellent PC port. And most importantly, it's a really great game so go buy it now!"
,Recommended,294860,31510587,Posted: 2 May,all,N!ghTM@Re$*%,a really great game even for my potato poop pc.
,Recommended,294860,29404218,Posted: 21 January,all,Zargos,"This is by far one of the best stories and games I have had the privileged of playing. Highly recommended for strategy, shooter and story driven players. Turn based system. Upgrades and leveling classes. New equipment. Modifying tank load outs. Choosing a specific team for each battle based on each characters strengths and weaknesses. The amazing engine that brings the beautiful art style to life. A story that will make you feel the whole spectrum of emotions as you progress through and care about each character. This game is worth every cent. This is now in my top 5 favorite games of all time. Any game that can bring on the tears is definitely a winner."
,Recommended,294860,31713231,Posted: 12 May,all,Czar Redwall,"Absolutely splendid.Core gameplay is not only fun, but addicting.Coupled with excellent music and an engaging story, this game is well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,294860,13669839,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,logix,drawing a fish and got arrested10/10
76561198088752926,Recommended,294860,22067404,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,andy.stas,"chapter 1: control a group of teenagers and kill 3 enemy scouts''ok, bit wierd but its japanese so understandable''chapter 6: fight a tank powered by three nuclear reactors and a woman who shoots lasers from a lance and cant be killedsteeplearningcurve/10"
,Recommended,294860,16005313,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,wany1981,"Just completed this game and I will have to play though New Game+ to get all the achievement.Overall this is a very interesting and different game then most Turn based Strategy game.Every time you issue a unit to move and fight all enemy within range of that character will interception fire and act like actual Time based which force you to act quickly and decisively.I know this game has been out for a while but the because the unique type of pencil drawn graphics it doesn't look old at all and seems very refreshing.The actual game difficulty is real hard. I spent quite a few hours at the very beginning to train all my troops type to level 15 and most mission still seems very hard. I usually start the mission play it get a rank B or C then load a save game then read online guide and with some Save/Load Power to finally get an A.The music of this game is actually really good. Once you complete the game once there will be a music section for you to enjoy all the music in game. I actually had ""Play all"" option on and reading a book for a while and it's quite enjoyable.The achievements for this game is really straight forward but it does take 2 full play though to get them all.The length of this game is quite long. Animation and story does take a long time to go though and it's pretty interesting and sad at times.Overall 8.5/10 would be my rating."
76561197994593890,Recommended,294860,15835241,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Larvus,Destroyed an army consisting of elite soldiers with an squad of minors.How the HELL did they raise their kids in Gallia?10/10
76561198041040258,Recommended,294860,13011711,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,April Ryan,"You stood always smiling, ever-quiet, ever-tender.And I, a lost child, always frightened, I remember,That you came and found me blinded by unshed tears.The tears we cry are echoes that tell what tomorrow can hold.And I wept in your arms and I heardBells ring out across the land, bringing peace at last,To your heart my dearest friend.And now, the love that you gave me blooms and will live onThrough the tears in a song without end."
,Recommended,294860,12946842,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Chandler,"XCOM: Weaboo Within, 10/10 Missed the first tank and killed the gate and had to restart."
76561198101549506,Recommended,294860,23957381,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bonswizzle Sharizzle,"Valkyria Chronicles is a heartwarming story about the struggle of a once nuetral nation that has been stuck between the buttcheeks of 2 huge military powers fighting over a mineral. You play as Welkin, the 22 year old son of a legendary war hero, along with his Sister (Isara) and his hot grill (Alicia). This game so far (for i've not completed it yet) is a challenging tactical war game that gets hard pretty fast. Don't let the Anime part turn you away, there are no ""Waifus"" or ""Senpais"" in this brilliant game.Pros:- Strong Main Characters- Each foot soldier has their own personalities and traits- Excellent voice acting- Intense Battles- Customizable squadCons:- Some awkward pauses between lines- Lots of excessive actions such as emotional hand clutches and awkward eye contact (But that's just the anime coming out)- Pretty awful tank controls (Use the mouse to turn, not A or D)- The ♥♥♥♥ing engineer at home base that only calls you by ""Bro"" or ""Dude""8.8/10 Would put a fat emo kid named Kevin on my squad again"
76561198044953604,Recommended,294860,30004362,Posted: 18 February,all,Steffen,"Valkyria Chronicles was a hidden gem for me. Shooters aren't my thing and everything with modern weapons such as tanks and machine guns has a rather hard time with me. Not that such games are bad or anything I just don't like them. Just my individual preference. So this game had a rather hard start for me:Visuals:I have grown rather fond of the graphics over time but I wasn't impressed at all at the first glance. The painted style turned out to look better and more endearing than I thought both in cutscenes and actual gameplay. The map you choose your characters to move could have been a little differently designed but that's really nitpicking. It was an interessting gamble with the graphics I'd say and it paid off, at least in my books.Gamplay:The Gameplay takes some getting used to, since I expected a turn based strategy game and Valkyria chronicles has a way of switching between a tactical map (where you can spend your command-points (CP) to move your units and end your turn if you either run  out of CPs or don't want to move anyone) and an action map (where you control the single unit itself moving him/her over the battlefield aiming and shooting yourself). While in action mode enemy units greet you whenever they can with interception fire, while you have to switch to ""target mode"" first before you can fire back which is kinda not nice. Once you know the ropes however everything falls into place quiet nicely and the game is a lot of fun.Downsides are in my books that the balancing and rating are off. Speed is everything. You'll get an A-Rank for a mission if you complete it in like 2 turns while other factors like casualties on your side or number of killed enemies do have little effect (if they have an effect at all)  and that motivates only to scout-rush-tactics after all high rankings means more funds and exp. As for the balancing: Good thing is that each class is useful. Considering the rushs scouts are properly the most useful, but the rest can hardly be dismissed. Your protagonist however can use ""commands"" (special abillities) to do pretty much whatever. he can heal units in calling a medic, boost a units offense or defense (however that works) lower damage from interception fire or give special boosts against tanks or make a unit aim better. While a like it to have such abillities and like to get some noticeable effect out of them in this game they seemed to be a little OP.Story:The Story is set in an alternate-universe-Europe called Europa and the time is WW2 (here EW2 - Europan War 2) and many links to the real history exist (""ragnite"" is a mineral that takes the place of oil/petroleum as a rare ressource and so on) but some things are quite different as well: in this war aerial combat isn't a thing at all.This isn't exactly my cup of tea either but it was done nicely.You don't actually fight the war in it's entirety but only a small part of it and your not an all great hero, but a mere squad leader although you are meant to pull off some miracles (but that's a protagonist for you.) (I like that, you can't be everywhere doing everything)The characters are rather well done and the overall story - while nothing special - isn't bad.tl;dr:I got surprised by the game in a good way. I bought it only because it was discounted and was like ""let's give it a try. If it is bad, then I didn't waste much money on it.""Looking back, that game is well worth even the full price.It has a few set backs but makes more than up for them."
76561198040362790,Recommended,294860,30889379,Posted: 1 April,all,kenny_kamakazi,"I first played (and beat) Valkyria Chronicles for the Playstation 3. I enjoyed the game so much that I originally bought it for Steam just to show my support for the game. Even though I did not have the intent to replay the game on the PC, I ended up doing just that. The Steam play through was my fourth full play through, and it was just as enjoyable as the first was. The game's story, characters, combat, visuals, music, voice acting. Everything about it is absolutely terrific. I recommend this game to everyone. Contantly. And they hate me for always talking about how great Valkyrai Chronicles is. Incessantly.My *only* suggestion would be: play this with a controller. It is so much better with a controller than it is with mouse + keyboard."
,Recommended,294860,32848171,Posted: 27 June,all,Marshmello,"Pretty good and fun strategic game that requires a bit of luck and tactics. Art style is cool. Narration is also great. Love the soundtrack. There are some problems that I have with the game such as how you can buff some of your foot soldiers with orders and basically turn them into a tank that can complete an objective on their own in 1 to 3 turns *cough* Alicia. I also find it stupid how you can be standing or crouching right next to an enemy crouched behind some sandbags and yet you still can't dish out good damage against them. The combat is an interesting feature that can sometimes be good but also sometimes be terrible and frustrating. Overall, this is a great game with some flaws but you should still try out. There are some parts that will make you want to continue playing and there are other parts where you are going to rage.P.S. Alicia and Edy are best waifus <3"
,Recommended,294860,12907998,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Latin Lover,"This was one of my favorite games on PS3. I bought this game again for PC and I'm so glad I did. This game has a very decent story, great characters and powerful moments that will make a grown hairy man cry. A very unique Turn-Based game which is a must for every fan of the genre with a bit of RPG elements. I really don't care about Steam achievements but I admit it's a nice addition since it adds a bit of value and replayability (the PS3 version had no trophies).This is a solid 10/10 game and an underrated classic. Great PC port, affordable price. Get it now!"
,Recommended,294860,13778349,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Knight Solaire,Hired cute sniper lady. Watched her get brutaly exploded by a mortar shell. My troops couldn't get to her. She died. Super sad now. Good game 11/10.
,Recommended,294860,14571979,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Madman_Andre,-Bought Game-Watched long cutscenes-Murdered Communazis.11/10 would play again
76561198068666177,Recommended,294860,30482993,Posted: 12 March,all,Lightbulb Mechanic,"Not much to say here its a great game with some unique turn based strategy mechanics, and a pretty good story. So if you don't mind the anime art style and your looking for a good turn based strategy then you won't regret buying this game."
,Recommended,294860,28770643,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Belmont ™,"Interesting story and fun mechanics for a turn-base. The graphics hark back to a Manga-filled entertainment time with that JRPG twist, however, it loses its chrub demeanor very quickly when you discover that it is extrodinarily repetative in its style of play - as in - you learn early and nothing else changes outside of settings and storyline... Storydriven people will love it, but it burns you out fast if you're searching for more."
,Recommended,294860,12983594,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Akuzimo,"This game is amazing.  Through cel-shaded visuals they somehow manage to capture the horror of war without being overly violent and gorey.  Starting with a group of militiamen, which are only citizens who were called to take up arms; a good portion of them being under 18 years of age (Oscar is 15, to put it into perspective), you fight battles that the army deems (without explicitely stating it, but you start to realize it as your characters would) too dangerous or trivial to send their own troops to do themselves (normally, these 'trivial' battles involve throwing your people in front of tanks or machine guns to ""clear the way"" for the actual army, something that would usually encur high casualties) because to the army General, you're expendable and nothing but peasants and farmhands and he's not far off.  While the General believes himself to be Aristocratic, your group in Squad 7 is anything but.  Welkin, the main character was going to school to be a teacher despite being the son of a warhero General himself.  Alicia was just a baker, Oscar, who is 15 wants to protect his sick brother.  You have people in your group who were in EWI (European War I), a girl who was a magazine model, outcasts, students, a singer, all just normal people which put into perspective that you're not leading a group of battle-hardened soldiers into war, but a group of everyday people who just want to protect their homes.The game starts off lighthearted enough but quickly ramps up in ambience when Imperial troops start shooting civilians while running away. The battlezones start colorful and bright but quickly shift to bleak trench filled warzones where you start jumping into trenches and getting down and dirty using your Shocktroopers against enemy entrenched troops with flamethrowers, hand grenades and sometimes just sheer luck all the while dodging mortars flying around and machine gun/cannon emplacements you have to keep out of the line of fire of, it gives you a sense of satisfying trench warfare that even top FPS games can't match (and this is a turn-based RTS RPG game).That is evident when the game puts your in its own version of a Normandy-like beach landing where you have to capture a beachhead from the Empire and get past machine gun bunkers on the cliffside that will tear any soldiers that enter their line of fire to pieces with no chance of getting to cover.  After that, you go up the hill where tanks are waiting and foot soldiers, past them you enter trench fighting, where you then run down another killzone with machine gun bunkers to make it to their beachhead base where they have soldiers and tanks waiting for you.  Well Squad 7, time to get to work.  What drives it home more is throughout the game you unlock chapters focusing on specific characters to see the more human side to them, and on more than one occasion your people raise the fact that the missions they are about to undertake has a high chance to get them killed, a far cry from your ""Oh what, we have to run through a burning building, scale a mountain and survive a nuke?  No problem"" FPS-like super soldiers.It's a story about war, love, betrayal, loss AND it has satisfying combat and appropriate challenge?  10/10, would recommend to anyone."
76561198093978955,Recommended,294860,34544128,Posted: 27 August,all,fenixblade33,"Fantastic game. I wasn't sure what to expect coming into it. I just heard people talking very nicely about this game whenever it came up (generally). I'm going to add to that growing crowd and say how phenomenal this game was.Let's get the first thing out of the way: this is a narrative-heavy game. You *could* skip it all in theory (which is a nice option the game has!) but I find it superior to enjoy it at the slow-burn pace it sets, because it always remains compelling with the twists and turns it throws your way. Each character this game throws your way has their own charm, and unique traits about them that makes you want to learn more about who they are as people. In that sense, its like a good Fire Emblem game. (cough, 7). Its pretty heavy on the optional cutscenes, but to their credit they are usually interesting and help progress the plot along in an exquisitely paced way while developing the main set of characters fantastically! One of the few problems this game has is perhaps too many side-characters. You can still get a decent story out of them, but sometimes you just wish you could get more development and attention for them. (which the game actually does address in some nice ways, such as optional side missions that do have a meaty amount of dialogue and character building for them, so its definitely assuaged...).Basically any flaws this game has in terms of plot can be easily remedied by the solutions offered in-game, unless you dislike the entire plot to begin with (in which case... If you are set on being against the plot and setting of this game, I'd question why you're even looking at a review for it in the first place?)The plot itself, in case you decided not to read the game description, effectively describes the entirety of a war between nations, but places special emphasis on a few characters (Welkin, Isara, Alicia, Largo, Rosie- Err... maybe not just a few) in a single militia underdog squad. Its amazing how they managed to capture the soaring complexities of a war between nations and successfully condense it into being a relevant, poignant, and empathetic experience for the player. You feel among your brethren with squad 7, the readings, notes and journals give you history, context of the nations and... really everything you could ever want to know about the nations and world you inhabit, and the people (be they friends or foes) you're forced to share it with. You learn more and more about every single character and major player in the war and the world as the game goes on. Its really quite incredible how they managed to pull this off. There's only one moment where I feel things were a little rushed in the game, maybe 2, but they put it in good places within the story to where they could feasibly play it off with the subsequent events (that I will not spoil; you'll just know them when you see them).The action and combat system isn't a traditional turn-based type, it somehow combines a turn-based system with an action-RPG combat system into a wonderful and pleasant meld of intense-enough combat to always keep fights fresh. Once you take your turn, you can't afford to be too complacent or you *will* take a lot of fire and even have your characters die before you can retaliate. This happens ESPECIALLY when against tanks. If you act quickly and efficiently though, you can destroy entire enemy squads without even a chance for retaliation. There is also enough weapon diversity to keep one satisfied, though for me the choices were *usually* obvious, There were times when I did switch my loadouts however, and that's something to be noted at the very least. It is also challenging in similar ways to most SRPGs like Fire Emblem or X-Com in that if your character ends their turn in a wrong place... well, yeah. you'll probably have to rescue them or even restart if things *really* go south. One thing I *do* have to say is, while the maps and combat themselves are challenging, the game itself is *VERY* forgiving with how it handles character-defeats (no perma-death until an enemy walks over their corpse or 3 turns has passed, MUCH more forgiving than Fire Emblem). If one wants a high level challenge from this game, I'd personally use a self-imposed challenge (like every character KO= death = reset, or even an ironman) to truly get a brutal and hardcore SRPG experience.The soundtrack is always satisfying, good enough, and never really gets old, which is quite impressive to its credit. It gives the war proper respect, and provides each battle with weight and its own unique flair. It is also not an ""empty"" game either. You'll hear plenty of radio contact (enemies and allies alike) and its quite interesting to hear what's being said between commanders, common soldiers, officers and the like. It does this without interfering with the gameplay, like background noise that adds to the ambiance of a battlefield. The soundtrack also knows when to bring its best- you won't truly connect with it until it plunges a knife right in your heart as tragedy strikes, or when the game lets you feel your greatest triumphs and you feel an adrenaline rush that you can't even describe. Once the soundtrack hits you, you're hooked on the game till the end.Oh, and the graphics are amazing for a port like this. Fantastically clean, pleasant to look at. There's minor issues I can state here, like textures with leaves and whatnot, but overall its crisp enough to give a nice experience. There's also very few glitches and bugs but they generally do not break the game or affect anything. I can't even remember most of them because they were usually forgotten about.  BUT, there was 1 or 2 times where glitches hit me hard. Be very careful with going up the stairs on the multiple-bunker levels. That's all I'll say.I'd go on, but this review is already a wall of text. All I can say is: pick up this game. Its worth your money. I feel horrible getting it for 6$ on a sale; the people who ported/remade/whatever this is deserved full price for it."
,Recommended,294860,13004456,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Tie-Wearing Sheep,"This franchise is literally a gem. I mean it, man! All 3 games are strongly recommend to play! (2 and 3 are the PSP exclusives so you'll have to head over to eBay and order a couple of UMDs)"
,Recommended,294860,26482332,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,GamerGuy,"A Very Good Game, in and of itself.REMEMBER, USE THE UP & DOWN ARROW KEYS TO MAKE NEW SAVES, DO NOT BE LIKE ME AND ACCIDENTALLY OVERWRITE YOUR 14+ HOUR FAR SAVE DUE TRYING TO GET THE RUHM, THE BEST STORMTROOPER GUN IN THE GAME.  I CRIED FOR ABOUT 10 MINUTES AFTER REALIZING THAT I COULD DO THIS."
,Recommended,294860,21938963,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sam샘,"I don't always play anime games,but when i do,I only play Valkyria Chronicles."
76561198036543123,Recommended,294860,29269912,Posted: 15 January,all,Whoovs,"Came for gamplay, stayed for the story"
,Recommended,294860,24965935,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TheCancerThatKills,">Be me>Playing the Batomys mission>Everything is going smoothly, almost done>Then suddenly that's when things go south fast>Selvaria appears>♥♥♥♥ing Selvaria>She rips through my comrades in mere seconds>My team mates fired everything they had at her but with no luck>The screams, oh God the screams they made when Selvaria got them>Their dying words still haunt me to this day>I still hate Selvaria to this day>Haven't played since10/10 would get ptsd again"
,Recommended,294860,33384583,Posted: 8 July,all,Serj_360,"Very well made turn based game with some RPG features in it. You sort of go back and forth as far as gameplay goes, but there are some surprises that keep it interesting and on your toes. Also the story is great as far as anything anime. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or any sort of indecent shenangans, just straight forward and very honest. I recommend it."
76561198030250504,Recommended,294860,12926418,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Heatgold,"A good port of a good game, reasonably priced and with all DLC. I already have the PS3 version, but hopefully if Sega detects an interest in this franchise from the PC community, they may localise the other two Valkyria games on pc."
,Recommended,294860,12920803,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Black Baron,"Do i recommend this game?I don't know, i just bought it twice. What do you think?its also a kick♥♥♥♥♥port, which is a very pleasant surprise. 1080p 60fps runs smooth, the only downside is the cutscenes are locked to 720p, which is the only downside i have ran into.If you even remotely like jrpgs or games like xcom this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,294860,32749876,Posted: 24 June,all,Acrophobe,The saddest moment in the whole game is also the sweetest. This game tore my soul apart playing it. 10/10.
76561198013879894,Recommended,294860,12886541,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Oath,"If you have any interest in a Strategy RPG whatsoever you owe it to yourself to play Valkyria Chronicles.  At $20 it is a great deal, It includes DLC that cost about $12 on PS3. Even now if you were to pick up a copy of the game on PS3, it would run you 15+ dollars in most cases, so for just a few bucks more you get all of the DLC as well.The one thing that has bothered me about the port so far is that the time inbetween missions does not have mouse support, but it is still pretty easy to navigate with the keyboard.Loadtimes are very quick, any 16/9 resolution that your monitor supports is supported by the game, and framerate is able to go as high as your monitor's refresh rate. None of that ""let's lock the game at 30 fps for no real reason"" shenanigans. Also don't worry about the lack of graphical options. It seems like many of the textures scale with resolution.Make sure to turn up your mouse sensitivity a bit if the controls feel a bit sluggish, it helped me out a lot personally. Other than that the controls are quite solid in their default state. As someone that has also played the PS3 version I would say that the controls are on par if not better than what was set up for the PS3 controller.The cast of characters is quite large, and they all have their own quirks. A lot of them are likable too. There are a large number of squads you can field because of this, and even some characters with the same class can play a bit differently because of their personality traits.The story covers quite a few serious war related issues, and there are a lot of great moments. Don't want to say too much about it though.If it matters to anyone, Dual audio is present, so you can choose from the original Japanese, or English audio.Buy this game. It is also quite fitting for Veteran's / Remembrance day. From what I have played so far it is a solid port and definitely worth the cost of admission.TL;DRPros:+ Solid story.+ Great combat system where tactical decisions actually make a difference.+ Large cast of characters with many different possible squad make-ups.+ Smooth controls (turn mouse sensitivity up)+ TANKS.+ A good PC port.+ TANKS!Cons:- Mouse support not availiable in the menus.- In engine cutscenes look a bit dated because it is a PS3 game from 2008.- It took this long for it to come to PC."
,Recommended,294860,31658664,Posted: 9 May,all,thefockewulf,"I can't stand anime, but this game I'll make an exception. Very good turn based strategic gameplay with a solid storyline and nice artwork, animation, and music. Per usual it includes gimmicky supernatural nonsense but it's not a big deal. I recommend."
76561198063641646,Recommended,294860,24417742,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Final Vent Card,"Valkyria Chronicles commits one major sin as a strategy game: it expects you to follow a certain order of steps in order to complete any given map. You *can* beat the maps in a variety of ways--and the game will rate you poorly for it. Setting up chokepoints with scouts, blitzing with soldiers, sabotaging enemy tanks with Lancers... you can be as smart as you want, VC won't like you unless you play how *it* wants.If you can get past that, you'll find an amazing title here. Lead artist Raita is a little odd in how he draws women (boobs do not work that way, good sir), but there's no faulting the amazing visual style and setting for this game. For something set in as mined-out a concept as World War II, Valkyria Chronicles is far more engrossing in its visuals and music than its concept will make you think. Gameplay-wise, Valkyria Chronicles is also quite inviting in its combination of real-time third-person action and turn-based gameplay.Many of the fun content in Valkyria Chronicles--different weapons for recruits, for example--are hidden in out-of-the-way areas and will need a guide to be found, and the odd sense that you're not playing as the game wants you to will haunt you, but Valkyria Chronicles is a game that is definitely worth your time and money."
76561198005798109,Recommended,294860,12886572,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PWRetro,How do you keep a pregnant woman in labour safe? Put her in a tank and then go into combat of course!GAME OF THE YEAR
,Recommended,294860,12906530,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,XKrieg,"One of the best game on PS3, now on PC.The port is pretty decent although there are still minor problems they need to fix.Overall the game is loads of fun with great gameplay, interesting characters and story.If you like JRPGs and turn-based strategy you'll love Valkyria Chronicles."
,Recommended,294860,12887015,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Davey,"I bought the game on the PlayStation 3 back in 2010, I've invested over 600 hours on that version and this is the same great game but with achievements and 60fps gameplay.If you like strategy games then you need to play this game, it's a loved game for a reason.10/10"
,Recommended,294860,12886772,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Elly,"One of the best games ever made, now on PC! You might have to mess with the controls a bit to find a setting you like, but once you do you'll be in bliss! Includes the Japanese voice track as well, if you're into that."
,Recommended,294860,14555013,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ichisake,"One of the best japanese games on Steam so far.+GameplayIf your are looking for a fun JRPG with a turn based combat buy this NOW! (or better wait for sales, this is steam) it has been a while since I didn't enjoyed so much a JRPG and even more turn based ( ;_;).It's very addictive and the hours playing go very fast. Like in XCOM you will get affection to some characters of your squad and maybe for your bad decisions you will see them die.It's because that you will take so much care in the battle of what do you do and how. If you manage well your movements and tactics the game rewards you pretty well.After finish the game I just can say one bad thing about the combat, if you use orders with main characters you will become into a inmortal god (Rosie with orders = Rambo + Chuck Norris + Van Damme, insane).I killed the final boss in one turn in my first run.+StoryIt's not the best plot ever but is enough for catch you into the game. You will have some cliches recurrent of japanese games but thakfully the guionist do not overdo this situations (and other stupid situations for do everything more good looking like use a flare in the middle of enemy camp during a infiltration, Eh!! WE ARE HERE!!!)If you have watched Full Metal Alchemist it's the best explanation for describe the setting in this game, WWI weapons with some more actual tecnology, a country in the middle of a huge war, mysterious powers in the background... It's very close to FMA. Very recommended if you liked the anime.You also  have a lot of lore for read if you are interested in the universe of the game and it will help you for understand better the actual war during the game. It's not a very dense lore so you dont will get bored reading a look of text.+CharactersYou have a plenty selection of characters for your squad and every one with his own background and story that's why you dont want see them die and you try finish every battle without a lose anyone, like a true commander in some way you get into that role very easy.I miss some new exclusive characters after finish the game like Selvaria (<3) or Jagger. Anyways you have a lot of them for send to a certain death.+Graphic optionsIt's a game of 2008, I was not expecting much but you have a lot of resolutions options and for diferent hz of your screen and that is always welcome.The game at this point can run even in a toaster and dont have any new features from consoles except the resolution.+ControlI was expecting play this with a controller but it's perfectly optimized to keyboard and mouse and works better. Aim to the head with the 360 pad it's horrible.+Duration39 hours and I dont finished all the skirmishes and try to get rank A in every mission. The game is very complete and offer you a very reasonable amount of gameplay.Ready at Dawn take note please.+SoundtrackIf you pay carful attention to the soundtrack in videogames like me I'm pretty sure you will love the ost of this game. A great soundtrack for a great game.+Japanese VoicesYes! Dual audio! please keep doing this. The english subtitles in some parts are not accurate with what the character is saying (this happens often in a lot of games) but the most part of the time it's a good translation from the japanese.-User InterfaceIt's just a port with minimal changes with consoles but the main menu is horrible for navigate... You feel like ""ey I can click here and go fast to the next page"" but no, you cant and you must open submenus.The graphic options can't be changed in the game and have a independent launcher just for that it's a little bit odd.Would have been nice a completly new interface thinking on pc and the posibility of use a mouse for navigate around the menus.The game absolutely deserve the exist in Steam and I hope SEGA bring more japanese games to pc. Yakuza come to us."
76561197997801921,Recommended,294860,12886073,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mougrim,"The best port of the year. 10 of 10. At last I can play my favourite tactical game on PC.Controls are good for PC, but I could used a mouse support for menus ;)SEGA done a damn good job - not like certainn other company with FFXIII port."
76561198040980239,Recommended,294860,12933996,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Papa Palpatine,"This game is a blast! Oh, no pun intended.From 3rd Person Shooter, to RTS, to JRPG, it's really dificult to describe this game, but in the best way possible. Concerining itself with problems of war while showing likeable characters that we like to get involved in battle, not to mention beautiful graphics and fantastic soundtrack and voiced bysome well-known anime voice actors, this game is great!"
,Recommended,294860,12942435,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hayden,"Kawaii World War 2. Dual audio, FPS synced to monitor refresh rate, modern resolutions, and very nice keyboard/mouse controls. A very tidy port of one of the PS3's best games, and a very interesting take on the strategy-RPG genre, which gives games such as Tactics Ogre, Front Mission and Disgaea a run for their money. Not only is it fun, but it's beautiful too. The Canvas Engine is one of the best things to come out of the last generation of consoles."
76561198100048449,Recommended,294860,23150791,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dr.colossusmd,"amazing game with a compelling story the dialog is a little childish but the overall tone resonates with a whimsical nostagia.  the gameplay itself is perfect, combining elements of Emblem with the original Medal of Honor Games. I played the game extensively an would play it again and again even when the achievements have been unlocked and the medals won this particular game still compells players to pick it up again and agian because in laymans terms, its just plain fun. i cannot recomend it enough as both a game and a possible obsession, bravo sega, bravo."
,Recommended,294860,29394212,Posted: 21 January,all,XCMD,"This is my first long review ever, im so sorry for my worst english xdi love this game, it's just good for me. but there are some wrong translating for the game, for the example, when the Squad 7 in the barious desert and parked their tank there, Alicia said that ""Enemy in Sight"" or something like that, but when i hear the japanese voice it said ""matte"", which means wait. Well, overall is good, the story is rich, the gameplay is fun, the art is more than i expected for an anime game.Let's start talking about the story (Spoiler alert!):The story is talking about the second European War II. The Story started from a little city named Bruhl in East Gallia territory, when the main character --Welkin Gunther-- head back to the city from his university and drawing next to a river. He was drawing some fishes in the river. Because of his suspicious act, he was being chased by the city guards and one of them is the main character of the game, that's Alicia Melchiott. When Alicia is taking Welkin, some Imperial (That's the enemy of Gallian) encounter them. Let's skip this part. after Alicia and Welkin defeated the imperial's spies and Welkin have escaped the tank, Welkin meet his aunt --Martha-- and his Sister --Isara Gunther-- they have some conversation. after some times, some Imperials spies attacked their house. when they are cornered and have no other choice, Isara took out her father's tank, the Edelweiss. I like this part, the tank looks cool, i will explain why i think so later. They head towards the center of the city to  help the city guards and Alicia. Welkin and Isara (and Martha) has arrived there, but Alicia and the Guards are in critical condition, in that mission, the player must help Alicia and The guards preventing the Imperials destroyed a gate. the player can kill the tank there with the Edelweiss. when i said that the Edelweiss is cool, that's because it has good armor and of course, it's because the game developer draw it perfectly. unlike the tank they encountered, Edelweiss got more HP and THP(Hit Point and Tread Hit Point), which make Edelweiss more powerful. So, because of that, the player can kill the enemy tank easily without any big problem. Altough the player have finished the mission, they are ""not"" actually win it. The Imperials got more power and it forced them to leave, so they have to evacuate to randgriz*sounds like razgriz from Ace Combat XD*The capital city of Gallia. But before they leave, Welkin, Alicia and Isara make a promise that they will take Bruhl back from the Imperial. Alicia blow a lion paw flower.Whew. After typing the prologueI won't type the rest, please god!, time to for my comment. once more (SPOILER ALERT):Well, so the story is very good actually, but the prologue is a little bit awkward tough. you can read the part when i say that the guard and Alicia were arresting Welkin. This part make it awkward, in my opinion the guards supposed to do something intimidating Welkin, it will make the part a little bit ""wow"" but just like you have know, i can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to a finished game. The rest of the story is good, i like when Alicia become a Valkyria, i mean, i can't even guess that she is a valkyria. the latest story, wow,was crying XD. It's when Alicia and Welkin jumped to Isara's plane, i keep thinking of Isara when i look at the planeand keep crying. The epilogue taken place in Bruhl again. where Alicia has own a bakery. Welkin has finally become a teacher, and married Alicia. The Epilogue started when Welkin walking to the windmill and met his students. then he met Alicia with her bakery van, they have a little conversation and then........... Isara came out from the vanwhat is this at my cheek.... oh it's tears.and said that she has help her mother in the bakery. after that, She wants Welkin to come to see how did she help his mother. there are many funny moments in the game too, which make the story not boring and sad very muchyes... not very much....so overall of the game is good, i HIGHLY recommend you to Buy this game. the story is very good and the art is very KAWAIIIIIII too ;d. the music... well, the music didn't met my recommendation tough xd. but don't think about it! i bet you will enjoy the game!9/10~~~XCMD~~~01-21-17"
76561198155877616,Recommended,294860,12957948,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Th3r4n,I bought this game on my PS3 back when it got released. I must have finished the game from start to finish at least 5 times and i enjoyed it everytime so much. Funny that i was thinking about playing it again a few days back and today i noticed it came out on Steam! Bought it instantly without any hesitation. This game is one of my favorites of all time for sure!!For anybody willing to play something different and embark on an amazing journey with an epic storyline filled with cool characters. Then this is the game you dont wanna miss! ;)Thanks SEGA for releasing this on the PC !!
,Recommended,294860,13259470,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,maley,"Valkyria Chronicles came out for the PS3 about 6 years ago and is a strategy RPG.  This contains all the DLC and some touched up visuals.  This is an EXCELLENT game.  It basically takes the events of WW1/WW2 as in that both wars are/have happened and the land looks exactly like Europe.  Everything else is different.  You play as a member of a militia group from a small country that's on the defense from the eastern empire (Russia area).Graphics have been touched up, it can be run at 4k pretty easily with GeDoSaTo.  Running @ 4k and 60fps causes some issues with tanks being able to move up hills.  The audio comes in english/japanese (and may have more, I never checked).It's a turn based strategy RPG.  You level up your classes instead of individuals.  You upgrade your weapons and tanks between missions.  Grinding isn't really necessary.  The way the game is potrayed, you can't redo story missions but you can replay 'skirmishes' over and over again if you want.  It is helpful for new people to learn units strengths/weaknesses but it's absolutely n ot necessary to grind.  I played every skirmish once and was able to beat the game without much issue.This game is a lot of fun, a little challenging here and there.  Has a great cast of characters with great voice acting.  The story is really well done.  I don't want to spoil certain parts but it handles some situations that don't get featured in games all that much well.You can save practically anytime and quit if you have to run to do something!"
,Recommended,294860,12893966,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,rossbr,One of the best games of the last console generation comes to PC. The game itself is fantastic and the port is great too. A must for anyone who's into strategy games or RPGs.
,Recommended,294860,12886174,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,"The reason to buy a PS3, now on PC. Words can't express the joy upon hearing this was coming to PC.This game is a strategy JRPG. It used a custom engine for the time which blended a manga art style with a 3D engine. The engine was scaled down for the sequels which released for the PSP. This however, is the best version of it, the full version.Valkyria Chronicles has a setting in a WWII technology world. However with one distinct difference, a lack of airpower. In a way Valkyria is a blending of ideas from WWI, WWII, and Napoleonic wars. Everything is centered around Ragnite. A miracle mineral used to both power vehicles and heal troops.Mixed into this world are those descended from an ancient race who could manipulate Ragnite. Where the Valkyria name comes from. Imagine super soldiers with energy cannons that can decimate everything.This all comes to pass in the nation of Gallia which holds the largest stockpile of Ragnite but is neutral to world affairs. Others want it, then are willing to do anything to capture it. There is a lot of political wrangling in the background of the story. But also at the root of it is many very dark undertones of hatred of Darcsens, Gallian natives who are heavily stereotyped in Gallian society.There is common anime tropes at times but the story is extremely solid. Created by members of Sega's famed Overworks team. Those that missed the Dreamcast golden age, now is the time to see what Overworks was capable of.Sega even did an anime based on this game, which is in some ways better. The ending of the anime is better than the game, makes more sense, but both are fantastic. Skies of Arcadia (The greatest Overworks title ever made) fans will even get a treat with cameos from Vyse, Aika, and Fina as all of their characters were snuck into this.This is the kind of game Sega should be delivering to the PC crowd on a regular basis. I couldn't hold back from purchase the moment it was announced. My PS3 may never boot up again and I certainly want to see more titles like this making it to PC.If you don't buy it for PC, buy it for PS3. I honestly bought a PS3 just to play this game and I didn't regret it one bit."
,Recommended,294860,13019674,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Panzerhexen,"An interesting story combined with solid mechanics, this is a game I almost bought a Ps3 for. Is it worth it? Hell yes."
,Recommended,294860,13031718,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,Thank you SEGA for this game on PC.
,Recommended,294860,21426766,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HazNut,"Yes, you should use that coupon you just got."
,Recommended,294860,13161304,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,EdwardAlchemist,"Well well well... so after 6 years we finally get this game on PC. And apparently, the sales blew all expectations out of the water and made good old´ SEGA really happy, so hopefully that means part 2 and 3 will make their way to the west on PC as well.This game is absolutely great! It has a bit more story than most games, and it´s also very story driven with the book chapter format, which means you really feel for the people in your squad after a while. It also helps that all characters are believable and distinct like real people.The game has an interesting, tastefull approuch to handling difficult topics such as hate, revenge, racism, and <!spoiler alert!> deadly concentration camps. As anyone who looks at the store page can probably see, it basically takes place during world war 2 with different names for the participating countries and everything taking place in Europe. (or well, Europa...) Despite the overall seriousness the anime like story still has time for some nice extras like a sexy T&A beach episode!!Enough about the story, I am worried I might reveal too many spoilers for people who still have to play the game. Gameplay, then: it´s pretty good. It´s an interesting mix between third person shooter (GOW style) and turn based tactics. It works! Accept for some bad AI at times, but nothing too shokcing. Just that I have seen, for example, mortars not just missing my troops, but only hitting their own. And the like. But nothing which breaks gameplay.Graphics are great, anime/waterpainting style. :Dfinally, about the port. It´s decent. good keyboard/mouse controls (altoughI use x360 controller), 60 fps or highser support, low sys reqs, and support for any resolution including 4k with textures etc. automatically scaling in quality.Pretty good, sega!All in all, I definitely recommend this game! :3"
,Recommended,294860,18133625,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Frederik Bukowski,"I don't have time to play this game but I'm still playing it. It's that good. For all fans of Vandal Hearts, this is a must-play. Come on with the sequels already!"
,Recommended,294860,12923160,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,cheenacat,"The wait is worth it. Valkyria Chronicles was actually the game that made me buy a PS3 before and I'm glad that it made it to Steam as more people should definitely experience this masterpiece. Visually stunning, fascinating story and interesting gameplay; this game should be in your library forever."
,Recommended,294860,12923986,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ecchigoya,"If you like new breed of turn based strategy, Valkyria Chronicles is the game for youThe GoodStory line is greatVery cool cel shaded animationReally fun to playworks best with a controllerThe Badthough there are minor problems with the controls using mouse and keyboardLow resolution scenes"
,Recommended,294860,12915544,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,yνng sky,10/10 would Alicia rush again.
76561197985085774,Recommended,294860,12887350,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,réV,"So far this PC port seems like it's really well done. Before i go into detail i would like to introduce the actual game to people who are interested in it.If you just want to know about the port quality, you can skip this partTo sum the story up really fast: This game is about a war set in 1935 EC between 2 powers in europe, the Empire in the east and Atlantic Federation in the west, that are in need of a specific ressource. The Empire crossed the border to the west an attacked, thus starting the second european war. Your place in the game is Gallian, a country that always stayed neutral so far, but now has to fight and defend themselve because the country possesses huge amounts of the needed ressource. The story is told like a tale from a book, chapter by chapter. You will have a lot of cutscenes, maybe more than some people would like to.The gameplay could be described as a strategic and really advanced worms with more specific mechanics. It's turn based with different units which can be upgraded. People who enjoy this type of game will definitely have fun with VC.Regarding the port:The port seems really solid. Keyboard and mouse controls might need some practice, but they are working fine. Resolution and frame rate are changeable, no crashes or performances problems (frame drops etc.) so far. Only thing i noticed is, that the cut scene aren't affected by frame rate changes. These still seem to be in 30 FPS, also not sure about resolution changes effecting them. Doesn't matter to much, because it still looks great.Only thing that bugs me is, that the changes to sound volume don't really adjust the cutscene volume. At least not for me. So consider turning down the master volume on your windows mixer instead of the volume control in the game to have some consistent colume changes.Other than that: If you know this game, if you enjoyed it on PS3, if you want to support SEGA and you want it on PC with all DLCs for 20 bucks or whatever, i think it's safe to say, that you can buy this. If you are still unsure, i recommed watching some streams on Twitch.tv first before buying."
,Recommended,294860,12886502,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,|AnK| Pierrot,"A sleeper hit in 2009, Valkyria chronicles was one of the most beautiful games on the ps3.Now that it has come to steam, everyone can enjoy this beautifully ported exclusive.New features in the port include a fully mapped out keyboard controls that flow smoothly with gameplay, with the addition of 60 FPS gameplay (up from 30 FPS from the ps3 original) and resolutions exceeding the average 1080p offerings.This is a must play game, and I hope that you'll enjoy playing it as much as I did !"
,Recommended,294860,33849223,Posted: 27 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡JC,"Prepare for a game that will boost your IQ and at the same time make you sign up for Anger-Management.AhValkyria Chronicles, this game made me really really angry on a couple of occasions. You don't have to kill every enemy on the map to get a Rank A on each mission, focus on the objective and I guarantee you can finish each mission within 5 turns or less. Once you have that Ideal every single Mission will be a piece of cake.Valkyria Chronicles does in fact have its Anime Adaptation and although both follow the same story, Valkyria Chronicle's game version is more satisfying/entertaining to follow. Since you get to see the action first hand.Valkyria Chronicles is worth spending your time and money on.10/10 would clear a mission in 1 turn by headshooting a boss with a tank"
,Recommended,294860,12917860,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jak151,I'm loving this story!
,Recommended,294860,13242098,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Scoutmasterkb28,"This game is a mix between advance wars, fire emblem and most WW2 games. Though the WW2 setting is set in a fictional universe, the plot itself gives a much better experience than most shooters. I  really enjoy the game's character designs and the method of presentation their gameplay. It was nicely introduced so that the player can digest slowly and learn how to experiment with their tactics and such.My comments about the gameplay is a mix between the usual RTS and third person shooters. I really liked this combination. This requires some planning before striking your enemies and advancing through the game.Each character has a unique combination of attributes that may be advantageous or prove to be a disadvantage at certain situations. This gives a very nice blend of mixing the character combinations and see how it works out. I hope there would be a relationship feature or character interaction in or out of battles just like in fire emblem.The music kind of reminds me about my days playing Final Fantasy Tactics Advance and A2.The developers design for this world gives some sort of an anime world, but that isn't much of a surprise from a game from japan.Though I really wished to replay old mission as I wanted to do better.ANd the interphase change to accomodate PC gamers is satisfactotionary, I need some time to get accustomed to play this game.Overall, this is a game that is worth your money, I never regretted buying this game and I really hope a sequel might come up but I doubt that.Overall:9.5/10 Gameplay:9/10 Music: 9/10 Interphase change from PS3 to PC:6/10 Plot:10/10 Character design:10/10 Replayability:8/10"
,Recommended,294860,14152616,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"This is a rather unique game. Having played lots of JRPGs on PS1 and PS2, I'd honestly have to say I've never encountered game play mechanics quite like this. Though much of the story is presented in a somewhat manga inspired ""talking heads"" panels format, the game is suprisingly polished in so many ways. The stylized ""drawn"" graphics, the comic book text sound effect words hovering over things in game, along with a nice bit of background information on characters, weapons, and the world available to read, and a story that's (thus far) been pretty fun all contribute to the game's uniqueness.The combat system is also interesting, combining third person perspective real-time control elements with turn based strategy elements.Though by no means difficult, the game does offer a reasonable challenge on first play through, requiring thoughtful consideration of how much you want to upgrade your troop's levels through repeatable skirmishes. There are often a few approaches to combat situations depending on how you utilize your ""orders"" (aka special temporary buffs) and class types.I've not quite beaten it yet, and though the story has a rather cliche love interest as a dominant part of the storyline, it's been a fun game thus far.Definately worth grabbing for $5 to $10 if you appreciate the art of game design. They did a lot of things right in this one, and the PC port is pretty solid (though I suggest using a control pad for moving your tank around. The controls get a little weird on tank movement if done with a mouse.)"
,Recommended,294860,12906649,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TripleExit,"Too Long; Didn't Read (TL;DR) is at the bottom.To start, Valkyria Chronicles (I will refer to it as VC) was released in North America on November 4th, 2008 for the Sony PlayStation 3.  VC had two more sequels released in the following years of 2010 and 2011.  VC 3 was released in Japan only, and neither of the sequels were able to live up to the original game.  If you want to read reviews about the PS3 version, which is identical to this version, I would suggest you start here:http://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation-3/valkyria-chronicles.PC reviews here:http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/valkyria-chroniclesI personally have sunk many hundreds of hours into the PS3 version.  The game’s main positive attribute is the amazing story, which is masterfully voiced in both English and Japanese.  The awesome soundtrack is beautifully composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto, who has also created scores for Final Fantasy titles.  The extremely unique and breathtaking watercolor graphics produced by the CANVAS engine make this game’s art style literally one-of-a-kind, and now it looks even better in high definition thanks to the work done by SEGA to release the game on PC.  The game also took advantage of Nvidia’s PhysX technology to simulate realistic physics for debris, hair, clothing, grass, and more on the PS3.  Without a doubt, this technology will be coming to PC along with the game, and possibly be even better than before.  The game also boasts its own type of gameplay style; I would describe it as “a turn-based real-time third-person-shooter strategy RPG”, yes, turn-based and real-time together.  The game’s characters are very easy to identify with, or at least make a personal connection to one of them.  Throughout the story, the cast (50 playable characters with unique personalities) will have to find strength to fight in a war they never wanted, and to find solace in even the grimmest situations.  Each one of the characters carries their own personal set of “perks”, or as the game calls them, “potentials.”  These unlock overtime, and throughout the game the roster of more than one hundred characters each have a different set of eight “potentials”, some good, and some bad.  For example, a unit may gain the ability to occasionally fire off a barrage bullets without the enemy having any chance to dodge from the aptly named “undodgeable shot” potential.  Or, a unit may slowly lose hit points during their turn because they are allergic to the terrain.  This makes for a great strategic gameplay mechanic as you will have to change your line up of soldiers for each mission in order to have the best possible team for the situation.Short Version:+Great Story+One-of-a-kind art style+Great Soundtrack+Great Characters+Great Gameplay+DLC includedTL;DRGet.  This.  Game.Perfect Port!"
,Recommended,294860,23236829,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,clea leshlick,"Good story, interesting and relatable characters, great audio, unique graphic presentation/theme and of course unique gameplay. Plus, Welkin spews some good wisdom and philosopy..Can be difficult and frustrating at timesDid not experience bug, crash, or performance drop in a whole playthrough.. why can't more games be like this?I'd very much like to see the sequel coming. Thank you for this, dev"
,Recommended,294860,12926074,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,HideoInk,Almost done with the game. Hope they remake the psp version of 2 and 3 for the PC.
,Recommended,294860,13616679,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Griffis,"Music that is not only amazing but also quite powerful. An engrossing story with fantastic characters (Jann is a personal favorite). Beautifully rendered. Works quite well on the PC.If you like the anime-style/don't mind it, definately consider it. I regret not playing as soon as I bought it."
,Recommended,294860,12933968,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kunaki,"Valkyria Chronicles is a very welcomed port from the original PS3 game. This port shares the originals strong points and even allow us to run it at 60fps which makes this game feel so much smoother.The game itself has stunning hand-drawn graphics accompanied with a beautiful soudtrack composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto, also known for his work on games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy XII, GrimGrimoire, Breath of Fire V, etc. Lovable characters, pretty damn awesome story, fun, simple and solid battle system... Considering all this comes with all the DLCs of the initial release, it's well worth every penny you'd spend on it."
76561198096655331,Recommended,294860,28031897,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"A very enjoyable tactical-shooting game, with beautiful graphic and characters.Though in early game the snipers and lancers would miss as often as when you play in XCOM: E.U, but thankfully, mid game they become better, when best equipped, they're your dependable killing-machines.Sorry if I sound bitter with the chance of misses, but it really gets on my nerve at times. I guess its a step we'll have to face when playing tactical shooting games. Nevertheless, Valkyria is a great (old) game that I've cherished since the minute I played it. Good graphics, even the characters are adorable with their background and shortcomings. Especially love Alicia, Rosie and Selvaria! You will need a lot of time to gett used on how to battle the enemies, and getting an A-rank in every chapter. It os well advised to watch some guides if you're trying to complete all the Medals provided.The Valkyrur effect is also awesome :)You really should buy this.The best in Valkyria Chronicles ever."
,Recommended,294860,13065644,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hisagi,5 minutes into the game im arrested by my waifu 10/10
,Recommended,294860,12977812,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Not Todd Howard,"10/10, looks just like my animated Korean Comics."
,Recommended,294860,18086872,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Howitzer,"This game is aesthetically incredible. Tactical gameplay is familiar but the real time turns keep it very fresh. Characters are great and memorable through voice-acting, backstory, and design. The world seems to have a rich history but the overarching story itself is a little bit lacking compared to the rest of the game.Overall, one of my favorite games. A good choice if you would enjoy a semi-casual tactics game and definitely worth a try if you like JRPGs in general."
76561198025317898,Recommended,294860,29436836,Posted: 22 January,all,jarcher1991,"If you arent sure - catch it on a sale. If steam thinks you want it - chances are, you'll love it!I caught Valkyria Chronicles on sale for $7 US and decided to give it a spin. Steam has been hassling me about buying it for a year or more maybe, and though the girl with the rifle reminiscent of an SKS had me intrigued, I am somewhat prejudiced against anime products finding them to be immature and corny.How wrong I have been!I was immediatly hooked, being a WW2 buff, and finding the universe to be believable enough to be engrossing, yet fantastical enough to keep me guessing as to what is next. I have never played a turn-based/rpg/squad-based-shooter (whatever this game is) like this before, and felt that it would be inferior to real-time control. I find this style to be quite enjoyable, and easy to get into. The story has me hooked, hitting me personally, as I come from a tight-knit small rural town similar to the one featured in the prologue, and the parallels in this game world vs the real world, where politics, economics, and even racism is astonishingly close - far from the immature drivel i passed it off to be. At this point, I am willing to try other anime titles and not judge them by their style."
,Recommended,294860,28353029,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Joscrama,"Normally i don't bother writing reviews, but for this game, I'll make an exception. Valkyria Chronicles is an amazing game in which you will love the characters, story, original gameplay and visuals. It is probably one of the best games I've played in the last year, and I've played a ton this year. The best way to describe this game is: a great anime with gameplay mixed in. Even if you aren't into anime itself, but are just looking for a game with a good story, Valkyria Chronicles got you covered. The game is presented to you in a book with different chapters, each chapter has a number of episodes which can contain: gameplay, cutscenes or dialogue scenes. Visually, Valkyria Chronicles is also very appealing. The game looks like an anime, but with a sort of painted vibe to it.Valkyria Chronicles' story isn't always about the pure fighting in a war, but really gives you a look at the lives of those soldiers fighting the war. Because of this, you really start to care for the characters, and might cry when one of them dies in battle (because the game has a permadeath system, but I'm not sure if this also applies to the main characters). But the main characters aren't the only ones you will get to know, because every unit you can use in the game has it's own backstory (although not as extensive as the MC's). During the game, there will be moments where you go through all kinds of emotions, from laughing to even crying.The gameplay in itself is pretty solid and an entirely new take on the turn-based strategy. Each turn, you have a number of Command Points (CP). These CP determine the amount of moves you can make, so you can move the same unit more then once. Using a birds-eye view, you determine which unit you're going to move and to where. Once you pick a unit, the game changes to a third-person perspective, and you can move the unit like in third-person games for as long as you have action points (AP). Once per move, the unit can also take an action.I would love to see this kind of gameplay again, the only throwback is that the screen in which you choose which unit you want to move doesn't always have a clear image of the environment (especially in the beginning). This resulted in me sometimes picking a unit, thinking i could move somewhere, only to realise that there's a steep hill in the way."
,Recommended,294860,15357448,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Fabulous and gorgeous from the first sight, very original to its core and very japanese with that, inheriting all those special ""J"" things, like the gals with big eyes and boobs, and cute little pet everyone loves... etc.I've made two different opinions on this game: as a game enthusiast, who loves different approaches, unstandard design decisions, it's - ""Whoa! 9.5/10! Best for every money!""But as a gamer with tendency to realism and perfectionism... while playing I was confused so many times trying to get those achievements... so I'm not feeling the game concept was right. In fact, there was so many furious ""Why?!!"" and ""Oh, really?!"" while I was getting a perfect from this game, so my final count drops to 7/10.Buy it, if you're a fan of the games in total, or if you're deep into all the ""J"" stuff. The game will perfectly suits in your collection.And DON'T buy Valkyria Chronicles, if you can't stand anime stuff for long and want all the achievements. Or if you want a realistic story about war. Or good tactics game. Because there, to get ""A"" (""SS"") rating, you need to forget about good strategies like move carefully, stay covered, flanking enemies and so on. To get ""A"" rating you need to pick one scout and run like hell on enemies positions, dodging tons of bullets.One of the most intriguing features at the start of the game as unique bio's on every soldier in your squad, meaning different behavior at the battlefield... quickly becomes a burden, because almost everybody are broken in some way. That means, you cannot collect a dream team, you need to pick different people for every mission, even for different terrains, and hey! it is not so easy, because of the way the management in the game organized.To speak of controls in the general... well, optimization from console to the PC went not too bad, but controls, and more of all, use of the mouse... can be a real pain. Especially while driving a tank (another potentially great feature went really bad on PC).Well, like I already said, game's facinating - for anime fans, and may be even dull for those who aren't. Tread carefully!"
,Recommended,294860,13152458,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Skytalon,Best turn-based anime I have ever played.
76561198033157634,Recommended,294860,12908698,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hanbark,Missed a anti tank round shot and blew up my own barricade and failed the mission. 10/10
,Recommended,294860,12908584,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Smoker,Company of X:Com: the AnimeOh this is also a good port that has options and key remapping.
76561198126278109,Recommended,294860,25303174,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Veksha,"I have mixed feelings about Valkyria Chronicles. By one side, I really loved this game, I obviously would not spend 36 hours of my free time to play a game I do not like. By other side... there are too many aspects I could not accept, in general I was disappointed and not impressed. Well, I will try to explain.Best parts of the game are setting and lore. It developed brilliantly, Valkyria Chronicles is not just another fairy-tale about ""good and bad guys"". It is a tour through a fictional but very realistic world that has its own history and its own problems, like economical and political issues or cultural acceptance of national minorities. There is a lot of attention to small details, well, just look at this glossary, where you can find a lot of various information, from historical facts to weight of anti-tank gun. Look at these maps, where each street has its own name. For example, did you noticed that one of the streets of Bruhl is named in honor of general Gunther, father of our protagonist? Look at biographies of characters, not only major characters but every insignificant infantryman in our squad has its own small story. All this, taken together, creates a magical atmosphere and immersion. I believed in Valkyria Chronicles, I delved in this game and I loved it, but......but then, I was faced with characters that inhabit this world, and I felt myself, well... cheated. Problem is, I just can not believe in storyline of Valkyria Chronicles. It filled with obvious cliche, like ""war is bad, friendship is good and, despite everything, life is going on"". Most situations looks frankly false for me. I guess, story was designed by people, who know nothing about army, relationships and discipline. Watching countless cutscenes, too often I was not sure, should I laugh or cry. My point is... I do not demand realism in game about magical girls called ""Valkyrias"", but if game pretends to talk about serious issues - such as patriotism, xenophobia, humane attitude to enemies and eternal question ""do end justifies the means?"" et cetera - I expect that these issues will be highlighted properly. I could not understand, what this storyline actually is... is it a bad comedy or slobbery drama or something else, I do not know. Lack of a good story was especially disappointing for me if compared with brilliantly developed setting, so huge is this contrast.I do not believe in protagonists. A funny thing is that it was easier for me to believe in personalities of antagonists - commanders of imperial army - who are not stereotypical villains ""lets destroy the world because we can"", but people with their understanding of situation and their reasons to fight. I even feel slight sympathy for antagonists like Jaeger and Selvaria. And for ending... I am trying to not use memes, but in this particular situation, I simply can not find another word but ""facepalm"". Just facepalm. This ending is terrible, a classic ""deus ex machina"" in its worst shape. *sigh*Well, this was my opinion about storyline. As for gameplay, I have very mixed feelings too. Combat system is quite interesting and promising, but also it has a lot of flaws. It is absolutely imbalanced, to be short: in most missions you will need only one scout to win the battle, and all other units are useless. To be fair, there is a couple of situations where you will need to use tank or shocktrooper, but in most cases all you need is a scout (obviously, this will be Alicia) and several useful spells (they called ""orders""). Lancers? What lancers? Engineers? Never seen a single one on the field. Tank? Clumsy piece of ma... well, metal.AI is terrible. It tends to run in circles like headless chicken and often skips turns without any reason. Of course, flaws of AI are compensated with large numbers of enemies but, surely, quantity will not help the imperial army to stand against unbeatable Alicia.Surprisingly, despite everything, battles was interesting and enjoyable for me. Well, this is my opinion: Valkyria Chronicles is not a strategic or tactical game. It is a puzzle game. The goal is to end missions in less possible count of turns, and suddenly I found that it is quite challenging. I replayed battles again and again, trying to solve this puzzles, and I enjoyed this, even despite all this annoying ""evades and misses"". Even bosses can be defeated in one or two turns, and doing so gave me a nice feeling of completion.Last but not least. Game looks gorgeous, I absolutely loved this art-style. Characters looks attractive, landscapes are beautiful, Alicia is cute and Selvaria has huge ch... well, charisma. Eye candy.So. I can cautiously recommend this game. If you can push yourself through countless silly cutscenes and accept weird combat system, then you probably will love Valkyria Chronicles. Actually, there is some good fun, buried under a thick layer of husk. In fact, there is only one thing that makes me sad... I am absolutely sure that setting of Valkyria Chronicles deserves much better story.And, well... if it is one of the best japanese games then I hope that I will never see their worst. Valkyria Chronicles might be decent, but consider it as masterpiece? No, not even close."
,Recommended,294860,12966766,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Easy (nCore),"I am not even going to attempt to explain this game. I would not make it justice.But I will say this: buy it. Buy it because you love squad-based tactical skirmish games with a lot of depth and character progression.Or buy it because you melt in front of beautifully narrated yet completely off the wall storytellinga la japonaise.Maybe you are both of those (I am). Even better.At the very least, buy it because we need to send a strong signal to the idiotic marketeers out there: yes, we dig lovingly handcrafted games that may make no sense to you, and yet is sheer genius."
,Recommended,294860,12891142,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jprtc,Please do everyone a favor and buy this game instead of Assassins Creed Unity.1-It's cheaper2-It's a better game3-it's a much better port4-Twintail girl5-Good keyboard & mouse controls6-It isn't a franchise that has more than 10 games and they all are pretty much the same7-It's even selling more than AC Unity on it's release date
76561198162853092,Recommended,294860,12942253,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Scooter Fox,"Gameplay: great. It's not very tactical at times and the AI is really bad (either scripted to stay in place or run to a pre-defined destination), but the unique mixture of third person-perspective action and turn-based strategy somehow works very well, making the game approachable for the fans of both genres. Missions are varied and don't let the player get bored by repetitive actions. The game is very enticing and it's too easy to suddenly realize that it's 2 AM now and you have spent half of the night playing.Story: characters are cliche and plot is cliche as well. Whoever wrote them though made a very good use of those cliches though, making the characters very likeable and easy to get attached to. Sure, it's not the greatest piece of fiction world has ever seen, but it works. If you're a teenager and this is your first jRPG, you will probably love it.Graphics: stylized to look like hand-drawn Japanese animation. If that's not your thing, you may have a problem, but otherwise it's clear and easy on the eyes. The port to PC was done very well so framerate is smooth. As a side note, character design was taken care of by a rather well-known hentai artist and, surprisingly, did not result in tons of fanservice but rather gave the game a no-nonsense war fiction feel.Sound: I'm obviously biased here as the music was done by my favourite VGM composer, Hitoshi Sakimoto (Final Fantasy Tactics, Vagrant Story, Final Fantasy XII among others). I will spare you from singing praises, just listen to the battle tracks which he excels at. Voice acting is very competent in Japanese version and average in English, where it's hit or miss. If you don't mind a liberal translation, Japanese voices and English subtitles are probably the best way in this case.Summary: definitely worth buying and playing. This kind of game is what you would expect to see on handheld consoles, which is all the more reason to try one when it finally got a PC version. Score: 9/10"
76561198127386118,Recommended,294860,12942826,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,possomking23,great game wasnt sure if the port was going to do it justice but it did really glad to be fighting in galia again
,Recommended,294860,12916129,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Out of Time Units,"Valkyria Chronicles is what happens when the country that brought us Final Fantasy, Hello Kitty, and Princess Mononoke decides to remake X-Com.  Alternatively, it's what happens when the country that brought us Code Geass decides to remake Final Fantasy Tactics, except with tanks.It's the 1930s on NOT EARTH and NOT RUSSIA is invading NOT FRANCE in order to capture their supplies of NOT OIL in order to continue supplying their NOT WORLD WAR TWO campaign against NOT THE ALLIES. You play as Welkin Gunther, the son of the former hero of NOT WORLD WAR ONE who has, for some reason, inherited his father's tank. Seriously. The thing is just sitting in his barn as if it were his dad's old Mustang, and not, you know, an armored weapon of war.The plot takes the Final Fantasy Tactics approach of having a linear campaign with some side missions you can do to grind levels if needed. There is an interesting storytelling conceit in that the framing device for the game is a history book written about the exploits of your character and his squad during the war. . . like Final Fantasy Tactics. Except this is different because instead of moving a glowing dot around a map, you're turning pages in a book. And stuff.That's basically the game. You watch a bunch of cut scenes, do a tactical combat mission, then watch some more cut scenes. Occasionally you visit your headquarters to train up your troops and research new weapon technology. So basically, what will make or break the game for you is A. how much you're willing to put up with linear storytelling, and B. how much you like the combat.I happen to like the combat a lot. Most of the combat takes place on a top-down map, with your units and the enemy units represented as circular icons. You receive a certain number of ""Command Points,"" based on the mission and the number of special character units you take along with you. Each Command Point allows you to activate a unit one time. During it's activation, you jump into the unit's head, controlling it directly Gears of War style. During each activation, you can move a certain distance and take one attack. Attack accuracy is based on weapon and character skill, headshots deal extra damage.Interesting enough, Valkyria Chronicles seems to take a page from the tabletop game ""Infinity,"" or perhaps the old board game ""Space Hulk."" Rather than going down the list and activating each unit once, you can choose to use multiple command points to activate a unit multiple times. This gives you a chance to, say, take a followup shot with your sniper when RNG screws you on the first shot, or unload multiple rocket rounds into a tank with your one anti-tank dude.Characters are divided into five classes. Scouts carry bolt-action rifles, move fast, and have the best vision range. Lancers are slower, but carry anti-tank rockets that can penetrate tank armor. Engineers are a bit slower than Scouts, but are still fairly fast, and can repair your tank and replenish ammo supplies. Snipers are the slowest, but have great accuracy at long range. Shock Troopers. . . do something, I guess. I still haven't figured out how best to use these guys.And then there's the tank. It's a tank. It's awesome. It can roll over enemy emplacements, shrug off small-arms fire, and blast the hell out of their tanks. On the other hand, if it blows up, you lose. And it costs 2 Command Points to activate.All this ends up forcing you to use the kind of combined arms tactics that characterized World War II. You end up using your tank as mobile cover for your infantry, picking off enemy Lancers while the Tank clears a path. Or you end up using the tank to bombard enemy positions to clear firing lines for your infantry. Good, fun stuff.TL:DR version: It's X-Com meets Final Fantasy Tactics. If that sounds fun, give it a shot."
,Recommended,294860,12941373,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,the entire population of canada,10/10 Jann Walker.
,Recommended,294860,12886516,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zero,My favourite game on the PS3 comes to Steam!  It's got great gameplay with an exciting and beautiful storyline!  I'm really looking forward to playing this again and again!  Can't recommend it enough!
,Recommended,294860,12891377,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Macoy.AbZ,A wonderful port of one of the best PS3 games. Worth every penny. Hope SEGA brings the other games of the saga.
76561198006560021,Recommended,294860,12886695,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cr0wn,"Very good storyline from what i can tell, good characters and a hell of a lot of fun during gameplay, very promising going into the next hours of gameplaySadly it seems my PC has some minor problems running Valkyria Chronicles but its only minor flicker here and there, something i can deal with.Can only recommend it to everyone who loves a good storyline, anime(to some degree) and WW2 Scenarios"
,Recommended,294860,12888280,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[GE] Punished Menezes,"I can't say much about the gameplay and story yet, but I'm very, VERY impressed with the quality of this port.I signed the petition to SEGA a long time ago and was surprised with the news that this game was coming to PC after such a long time, I'm kind of broke but pre-ordered it anyway.However, I was very afraid if I could run this on my toaster (NVIDIA 640m) based on my terrible experience with the Final Fantasy XIII port and was overwhelmed when I tried to change the resolution to 1080 and got solid 60 FPS along with some tears of joy. I can't recall another game that played so smoothly on my toaster. This is ****ing great. Dark Souls II port is awesome too, I think FROM and SEGA are doing a nice work with the master race community, but we want more! So, please, SEGA, bring us Resonant of Fate too so I can pre-order it too, just TAKE MY FREAKING MONEY!I will tell about the game itself once I have the time to play it, but, overall, 10/10."
,Recommended,294860,12893649,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SchwartZero,"A really well optimized, great port. Much superior than the PS3 version. Hey Square Enix, you could learn a thing from Sega here!"
,Recommended,294860,13039102,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,A certain magical birb,"A WW2 Era game with some fantasy aspects.Interesting game with a vast cast of characters to go through in the Personnel tab, who will evolve as you use them in missions more. Kinda like understanding more of themselves and their base characteristics and how they were drafted into the military.Challenging missions, but it is sometimes difficult to plan your strategy when you have no idea what the enemy is going to do next, but I suppose that is part of the fun.A very good port over game from the console platform.Controls are smooth with the keyboard and viewing mechanics are possible with the mouse.English subtitles with Japanese voice? Yes please.There is English dub for those who prefer that.It plays like XCOM: Enemy Unknown but without the grids.9/10 would recommend. Would play again."
,Recommended,294860,14404931,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nuclear Kangaroo,"Sublime Strategy RPG and a treat to any strategy fan out therethe game features a mix of turn based tactics, RPG elements and third person shooting, you play through numerous missions and take direct control of your troops (one at a time) in a third person perspective, the main story is very lengthy, it took me over 40 hours to finish, and the game includes the DLC missions of the original PS3 release so theres extra content to tackle and you can easily exceed the 50 hour markthe story is basically about the NOT-second world war in the continent of NOT-Europe, the game features a watercolor painting/anime artstyle that really hasnt aged one bit, it still looks gorgeous and the game runs at 60 FPS and resolutions of 1080p (AND BEYOND) unlike the initial PS3 version, is a quality PC port with only a few problems here and there that shouldnt get in the way of the overall experience, the presentation truthly is magnificentthe plot itself is pretty decent, its told in a similar fashion to an anime series (including a beach episode of course) with the action scenes being the battles themselves, i say the weakest point might be the voice cast which merely perform an adequate job, of course this is just my personal opinion and i believe the only people to ever do justice to the original japanese voice cast in pretty much any anime is the latin american dub, so take this criticism with a grain of salt, and besides, the game includes the original japanese dub so this weak point can be avoidedyou will feel, you will laugh and you will cringe, its anime all the waymy major complain about the game is how scripted some missions are, to the detriment of the experience, some missions will have long unskippable sequences you have to endure, some will make you face infinitely respawning enemies, some will limit your unit selection greatly, limiting your strategic options, etc. this aspect could been handled much betteroverall fantastic game, recommended all the way, well worth the entry price"
76561198162073361,Recommended,294860,32696084,Posted: 23 June,all,RigWrecker01,"I was looking for a decent RPG when I stumbled upon this after playing strategy for a while. I'll admit I was 50/50 about it. I expected a fairly typical JRPG. I couldn't have been more wrong. The basic premise is a reworking of World War 2 in that 'half fantasy/half reality' style peculiar to JRPG's. Your country has been invaded and the rest, as they say, is up to you.The first thing that will get your attention is the comic book artstyle that runs throughout. It's not unique but it is pretty special. Possibly as a result of this the cut scenes get to the point. There's no endless philosophical waffle here. The story *is* the characters and they are well drawn in every sense. It has English and Japanese voice acting and the English works just fine.The second surprise will be the combat. It's a strange combination of real time and turn based that is both pretty original and very satisfying. Essentially your moves are tightly limited but you can take your time and think about them. When you need 'The Shot' and you get it, the game knows all about it. When the game gets it, you do. Simple but effective. In reality if you do get your butt handed to you you can go again easily. It's the sign of a good game that it's just as much fun the second or third time. None of it is super difficult but it definitely requires some thought as you progress.The two lead characters you'll stick with throughout but there's a lot of additional ones to pick from as you advance the story. Many of them have specific skills or buffs you'll benefit from. Even so you'll more than likely find yourself using a core team, largely because of the role they play in the story. The overall sense is that all the characters are well thought out rather than interchangeable props to get you to the next objective. This is backed up with an extensive bio which you gain access to as you go.Advancement is handled very much in the same vein as the rest of the game. It's quirky and slightly madcap, with a variety of game and story elements you can pick up as you progress. But even here there are challenges, as you attempt to earn enough to gain special content and fund a propaganda war. You will almost certainly have to make choices at some point and the game will be more or less challenging as a result.I'm not really sure what you'd call this game overall. It's part RPG, part strategy and part graphic novel. What I do know is that it works, it's humourous and engaging and definitely worth the time to play."
76561198004100602,Recommended,294860,12952041,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mibuokami,"A brilliant gem from Sega that reinvited the SRPG genre. Brilliantly stylist graphic, addictive gameplay, engaging characters and brilliant voice acting from both English caste and the original star studded Japanese VA.Highly recommended for all lovers of SRPG, Anime and good strategy game in general."
76561197993610726,Recommended,294860,26627198,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,"Super fun strategy game with an excellent plot! I highly suggest checking it out if you haven't yet; the game is not the type you can just blaze through.  Valkyria Chronicles takes a buttload of planning and patience which are not my strongsuits in games LOL. BUT  its still very very fun, especially when things go according to plan. At times it can be rage inducing tho!! So far the story has been amazing and a bit emotional which I love in a game. Def a 10/10 and a worthy addition to anyone's library"
76561198030777017,Recommended,294860,23981062,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Krishma,"If you like both anime and xcom, than you will probably have an o-rgasm playing this. But even if you just like strategy turn-based combat games, you can't miss this title. It's pretty unique in his genre, both artistically and gameplay wise, so you should give it a try - especially on sale. That said, expect cheesy dialogues and strange narrative choices. Story is overall good, but it is presented in an anime-way that may not appeal everybody (myself included). Also, the game features great music tracks."
,Recommended,294860,13491467,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Divi Filius,"As a person that does not watch anime or has never played any Japanese RPGs, this game struck me as an awesome looking WW2 game with a Japanese twist. I was rather sceptical about purchasing it because I did not want it to be like the horrendous Girls und Panzer anime based on WW2 and World of Tanks. However, I can honestly say this game is AWESOME!It ticks so much boxes in all the right places. The graphics has a nice cartoony yet pretty feel to it, gameplay is smooth and stable, and the story (which people have criticized) is actually pretty good!The story is simple. In an alternate planet, in the continent of Europa (which is obviously Europe) consists of two superpowers, the autocratic Empire and the Atlantic Federation. After a resource known as Ragnite (which powers everything) goes scarce, the Empire invades the neighbouring peaceful nation of Gallia to take their Ragnite reserves.The story is viewed from the perspective of Welkin, a nature-loving nerd who is caught up in the Empire's invasion of Gallia. There, he meets Alicia, a baker who took up arms to defend her town from the Empire long enough for its citizens to evacuate. The story telling in this game is sublime, and I found myself sucked straight into it after the first 10 minutes.After some mumbo jumbo Alicia and Welkin are drafted into the Gallian Army. This is where the game properly begins. For those who've played Xcom: Enemy Unknown, this is exactly like it. You have your HUB where you can recruit and train soldiers for your squad. There are a lot of different squad members you can choose, and each one has different voices and their own stories which I find pretty awesome. There are some characters you get attached to, like the homosexual Lancer named Jann (who is voiced by the same guy who voiced Jake in Adventure Time.) There is also a R&D department where you can buy upgrades for your weapons and tanks.That's the story out of the way. Basically, this is the anime version of Xcom but with WW2 themes. Each round you can choose where to position who (there are five classes of units)  and battle. To move a unit, you have to use one Command Point. Unlike Xcom, upon selecting a unit to move, you take full control of them from a third person perspective, allowing you to run around, explore the map and fire at the enemies at your will. This is the same with tanks.As the game progresses, the challenge increases.However, there are many moments where you will just think ""WHAT THE HELL KIND OF BS IS THAT!"" This game is brutal when it comes to the missions. You've  made so much progress in a mission, and then you fail all because of an absolutely STUPID trickshot that blows up the Edelweiss. *cough cough GIANT OP TANK cough cough* I've had many rage moments where I just slam on my keyboard in anger and alt+F4 the game in rage. Pretty much every mission was like that. Have one or two game overs that end in rage, and then have a stunning victory. Be prepared for it.On that note, one of the things that I did not find enjoyable is that the game can become extremely difficult (such as the second mission.) These particular missions you have no choice but to use the method the game expects you to, not using your own strategy against the enemy. I found this a real problem in an otherwise perfect game. Especially with boss battles (I hate the boss fights in this game.)I really wish that one was able to choose their own strategy and use it against the enemy. While some missions do present this ability where there are multiple ways of winning (be it spamming scouts and doing a hard/fast approach, or go in guns blazing with the Edelweiss and a buttload of Lancers and shock troopers) it still isn't perfect. Due to the lack of variation in enemy types, and the linearity of the levels, there isn't a whole lot of Supreme Commander stye strategy going on here. Not to mention that the A.I can be a bit too smart sometimes.There is also a grading system that grades you on how well you beat the mission. However to attain a perfect score you must 100% of the time do the super scout approach.This is a good game. If you like turn-based strategy games like Xcom, this is the game for you. If you're a casual player (which is highly unlikely since Xcom isn't a casual game,) then don't go for it, and watch the anime (read below) instead.EDIT: I discovered the existance of a ""Valkyria Chronicles anime"" that is practically scene by scene anime of the game but with some minor story differences. It's not brilliant, but it's a hell of a lot better than *shudders* Girls und Panzer.EXTRA REVIEW!: Valkyria Chronicles Anime (SPOILERS AHEAD)At the time of this review I am seven episodes in, and there is not much I can say really except for the  differences in character for some people, namely um... ALICIA, WELKIN AND FALDIO! To add more drama into the show the makers added some sort of love triangle, so now Alicia doesn't know if she wants the W or the F. Speaking of Alicia, she's a total B*TCH in the anime. In the game, she's very caring and you can see she has a thing for Welkin from the start. In the anime however, she constantly yells at him, calling him a ""weirdo."" Well, you kinda would agree with her because Welkin is really weird in the anime, he constantly seems really oblivious to the situation around him, never serious as if he has a cloud in his head instead of a brain. I love the scene where Irene threatens to tell everyone he tried to♥♥♥♥♥♥her if he doesn't give her an interview and he starts laughing innocently as if she just told a funny joke.Faldio acts like a charismatic lady's man, but the way the writers wrote him makes him look like a generic  ""jock."" He automatically starts gunning for Alicia and tries to win her heart by doing stupid things, such as telling everybody they saw each other naked (Alicia caught him shirtless and flipped her sh*t, and Faldio snuck up on her putting up her washing on a clothes line and picked up some of her underwear, and again she flipped her sh*t.) and then used Greek history to compare them to Aphrodite and Ares.The other characters are pretty much the same. Jann is still the awesome homosexual guy (except that he isn't voiced by John DiMaggio. Seriously, they should have made him deliver his lines in Japanese.) There are also some other characters such as Faldio's sargeant, but they aren't really that memorable. Also, they made Maximillian seem like such a boring villain. In the game he sees everything with a hint of boredom, and isn't afraid of showing his wrath when needed. In the anime, he's bored pretty much all of the time.That's really all I have to say about the anime. If you're a big fan of  VC, then have a go at watching it. I think it has remained loyal to the essence of the game, but does attempt to deviate (which is not a bad thing!) They tried their best."
,Recommended,294860,12962615,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mizstik,"Six years after the original debut, there is still no real successor or alternative to this title on the big screen (only PSP sequels). It is still a very good game and very much enjoyable if you are its intended audience and understand what the game is about, but it does show some age. The assets were made for 720p TV and it looks considerably dated today. The port makes almost no attempt to accommodate PC interfaces, resulting in a confused mess of Tab, F, Enter and Space Bar and delays when navigating the menus. Even the story feels old (even though it was a fine piece back in 2008) as today's games and anime have evolved into ones with better storytelling techniques.Still, VC1 remains an excellent title. There is great gameplay for those who understand what it is and an enjoyable story for the open-minded who don't categorically hate anime. The steam release is made even better with the inclusion of all extra content formerly DLCs, such as Edy's Detachment or expert skirmishes, all for this bargain price. And yes, it includes the Japanese voice option just as the PS3 version did.If you count yourself as an enthusiast of turn-based strategy, you cannot pass this one up."
,Recommended,294860,12915488,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,シュルシュル,"A decent port of a fantastic game. Not particularly well-balanced, and the plot is really anime (whether that's a good or a bad thing is up to you), but one of the most unique and fun takes on the Strategy/RPG genre.A few notes about the port:* Resolution options poll from your monitor, same with FPS limit (caps at refresh rate).* Cutscenes are (unfortunately) pre-rendered, as they were on the PS3. As such they're a bit jittery.* Dual audio is in, but the subtitle track is the same as the PS3 version -- It's a dubtitle track. Again, up to you how big of a deal that is.* No graphics quality options. Considering the game was developed with a custom engine for a single platform, that isn't a huge surprise, but worth noting.* FPS-wise, it runs like a dream. Haven't seen it dip below 60 ingame once.While it's not quite the gold standard of port features, it works and works well.The game's real fun, comes with all of the DLC for free (which adds quite a bit of content!), and if you missed it in its original run you owe it to yourself to give it a shot."
,Recommended,294860,12895075,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ToastCrust,"It's freaking Valkyria Chronicles, one of the best games ever released on the PS3 and one of the best games released in the 00's period.Ported competently to the PC.Just buy it like 3 times to pay the full price that it deserves.Shortlist:Remappable controls!Arbitrary resolutions!Whatever framerate you think is THE BEST EVERSaving literally happens at the blink of an eye! Load times are PUNYAn EXTREMELY distinctive and unique custom render engine!Memorable main cast and equally memorable side-cast!All DLC from PS3 included for free!An extremely fun spin on the turn-based tactical RPG genre that no other game has really recaptured since.Brutal and extremely mean mission rating system."
,Recommended,294860,12928615,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Play More Hearthstone,Amazing! Just buy it and see!
,Recommended,294860,12891190,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,セイバー VS7,"Great game. Great port. Great everything. Sony sheds a tear as they lose yet another exclusive.Hope we get the sequel ported after this, maybe with the multiplayer moved to Steamworks instead of AdHocParty? That or VC3 localization would be nice.Get this game."
,Recommended,294860,12916990,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"I and many consider this to be the Best PS3 game (and one of my favorites)  due to the great gameplay and story this givesThe mixture of rts and jrpg works in wonders that I would never have thought could have happedned.With up to 30+  unuquie squad members to choose from, each with their own backstory and uniquie traits, the game never becomes dull.The PC Port is great, the only downside I can say is that the cutscenes have been ripped from the PS3 ver in 30 FPS, which look weird when playing in 60/120 FPS in game.At 20 bucks, this game is a steal, with all the included dlc the ps3 game had (one of the reason I rebought, since I never bought them).Buy this game and defend in the name of Gallia."
,Recommended,294860,12920210,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,lolicide,"Before this, I played the sequels on PSP. Great TRPG and nice tactical elements. It does feel dated but what do expect from a PS3 port? Dialogue and story is cheesy, but we're all here for the gameplay, and this game delivers well. Would recommend for weebs and casuals who can overcome the cringe of playing a weebgame in return for innovative gameplay...that's been out for a few years...THANKS, FISH."
,Recommended,294860,12935925,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Edelcast,"Wonderful experience for anyone who enjoys turn-based combat and doesn't mind anime. Amazing PC port, although havng a controller helps nonetheless. The only problem i've noticed is that setting FPS cap to 60 instead of 30 makes the game go twice as slow. Completely. Menu and everything."
,Recommended,294860,12919857,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GeneralsAlert,"Nevr got a chance to play this on my PS3but thank gosh for a PC  Release, because this game is fun"
,Recommended,294860,12887675,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Garlyle Wilds,"Valkyria Chronicles is easily one of the most amazing titles to be developed during the PS3/360/Wii console generation, if not one of the best games ever to be created.  Absolutely gorgeous visuals (which, let me assure you, remain completely amazing in this port and those concerned with FPS or Resolution will have 0 complaints), a beautiful soundtrack, incredibly innovative and well developped gameplay, and a cast of characters and story you absolutely will come to love.I can't recommend this game hard enough."
,Recommended,294860,12886301,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Smug,Great turn base rpg for people that enjoy advance wars and fire emblem with a third person twist.
,Recommended,294860,12887726,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[UPRPRC] Yamato Hoteru,"Engaging story, interesting battle system. I love it."
,Recommended,294860,12887848,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,♡ Mog ♡,"If you have played Valkyria Chronicles before like I have, then you do not really need another reason to go ahead and buy this game as you should already own it.IF, on the off-chance you have never played this game or, dare I even contemplate this, heard of Valkyria Chronicles then you should continue reading on for reasons why you should!The art style is by far the first and most noticeable thing of this game. To sum it up quickly, it's beautiful and does nothing but enhance the games characters and story. Then you have the story itself, from beginning to end it is one of the better stories I have played in any form of RPG for a fair amount of time, with many an unexpected twist to be had during the course of it. The story is chaptered, with small episodes playing out as you progress through the book that you use through the course of the game. The book is also the main hub of the game, the usual subcommands and also allowing you to flick back through any episodes you want to watch again if you so wish.The battles are turn based but the amount of thought you sometimes need to make sure you can get those pesky A ranks later on is more than definitely required as even one wrong move will get one of your valuable units killed, and who really wants that now hmm? Treat the units carefully and yes, you may get a lower rank in battle but you can always go back and play them again for more experience. Each turn, you have a set amount of movements which is counted by CP. Each time you want to attack you use one CP to move into position before attacking although you could also be running, or flanking, or hiding away depending on how your battle is fairing. There are also skills in Battle which may consume CP aswell but have a strong effect on your Units. Some battles may also have what is referred to as ""Aces"", special enemies that give extra rewards for defeating them such as weapons and tank upgrades.After battle, you gain Experience, Money and sometimes loot used to help you in your fight against The Empire. The usual upgrades to both class and equipment exist, making sure that grinding although for the most part not necessary, is still a great way to keep all your units topped up and raring to go!The port itself is rather well done, nothing is lost from the PS3 to the PC as expected and unlike other ""certain ports"" that shall not be named, has some configuration for Resolution and the like.The main selling point as a returning player was, every DLC being included and creating the complete package. So all those extra challenge missions I was personally unable to complete back on original release I can now go ahead and do so.Hopefully this helps a little with your decision to purchase it, it really is one of the must-owns that was on the PS3 and works just as well on the PC whether you use Keyboard & Mouse or go with a Controller."
,Recommended,294860,31872056,Posted: 20 May,all,DJHarmony,"If there's one thing that typically doesn't leave me as interested or invested, it's gun warfare. I find that it is usually difficult to make it unique or special, however this game does just that. As if being a Fire Emblem style strategy game wasn't enough, the anime artstyle helps distinguish it from most war games, as most of them tend to try and be realistic or futuristic. The story isn't exactly anything new in terms of war games, but for what it is, it doesn't need to be. The soundtrack isn't all that memorable, but the characters are, all being fairly well defined and enjoyable. I would never say this game outranks Fire Emblem, but it's still a good strategy game."
,Recommended,294860,12991550,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Paikia,"Since I've only started playing, I won't presume to know enough about the game to give you a full review, but I do have a couple of impressions already. The first of which, is that the game looks cool and interesting. Graphics aren't too impressive, but aren't bad either. Voice acting is solid.As for the story and game mechanics I still can't say much, except that the story looks like it has a lot of potential, and the battles are quite difficult, to say the least. I consider myself a reasonably experienced Strategy/RPG gamer, yet I find the battles in this game very challenging. Actually, ""very challenging"" is an understatement too. I guess I should have used the word ""frustrating"" instead, but since I've only just started, I'm giving the game the benefit of the doubt and assuming it simply has a somewhat steep learning curve. :)Anyway, I'll keep you people posted with new impressions as I play, hopefully to make this post worthy to be considered a full review eventually. :)"
,Recommended,294860,13230615,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,El Rete,This game quickly came to be among my favourites. It combines a fantastic story with likeable characters and great gameplay. Really liked the merge between 3rd person shooter and strategy games10/10
,Recommended,294860,28309011,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jedi-Master-Trump,"Valkyria Chronicles         9.5/10-Captivating storyline with very interesting characters.-Turn based RPG elements are groundbreaking for 2008.-Very challenging gameplay and battle environments.The only minor issue I had was controlling the tank at times.Other than that, it is already my 2nd favorite game on Steam."
,Recommended,294860,31691515,Posted: 11 May,all,Motusb0b,"Great game.Nice draw-style graphics, great musics, very nice story.Easy game mechanics, but that doesn't make a easy game.  It's challengefull.Quite a varietty of character to select.  Wich they have all differrent back story, traits and features.Greatly recommand you to buy and play that game."
,Recommended,294860,12915955,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jachymor,"In Anime-Europe, the Anime-Soviet-Nazis attack the Anime-Allies for all their Anime-Multi-Purpose-Oil. You defend Anime-Estland/Belgium with lots of Anime-Flair, some Anime-Tropes and Anime-Jew-Roma. Among the memorable Anime-Characters are:- Tomboys- Girlboys- Mascara-Boys- The One Badass Black Guy- That Fame Girl With Drill Hair- An Annoying Animal Comci Relief- Cool Engineers which are not in your squad- Lame Engineers which are in your squad- Medieval Armor and High-Caliber WeaponsBUY IT! BUY IT!Edit: Some reference updated."
,Recommended,294860,28400158,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Imposter Oak,"I had a great time. Unfortunately it suffers from its anime roots from time to time.  Missions tend to be long, sometimes a half hour or more. It starts to cause problems in the midgame.Chapters 7 and 14 in particular were dealbreakers for me. Long cutscenes followed by a very long mission, followed by a nearly invincible enemy spawning and one-shotting me from miles away, requiring me to do it all again.  It absolutely took me out of the experience to have to retry a mission 3 or 4 times before I realize that it just isn't possible using any normal tactics and that those missions were all about prepositioning units to deal with insanely overpowered enemies that havent spawned yet, or else rely on an AI enemy or ally that is similarly overpowered but inconsistent.The gameplay is hella fun, the story is actually great, and the art style is capital F - Fantastic so it's absolutely worth playing.  Just be aware that sometimes the game wants you to jump through hoops instead of shoot people.  Don't be afraid to look up a guide if a mission seems to be impossible, especially on the two chapters I mentioned."
76561198002494306,Recommended,294860,13493784,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BOSS NIGGA,"-Anime-""Nazi""-Tanks-World War10\10"
,Recommended,294860,13514378,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,⛧SEMOS⛧,It's like Fire Emblem and XCOM had a baby.
,Recommended,294860,23158430,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,JushoJacob,"This was a great WWII simulator. I didn't know Russia (excuse me, The Empire) had giant tanks and magical blue people that can kill your entire team in two turns if your not careful. I also didn't know that people took turns attacking each other during WWII. Overall, a great game!...Wait, this is a fantasy game?"
,Recommended,294860,12937128,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Donnie Jay,"One of the few good weeb games, and a perfect fit for pc. Valkyria chronicles is what happens when you take advance wars, add a pinch of Final fantasy tactics, and give it Real-time elements.This port however... it needs improvement. Stuff goes haywire when you set it to 60fps and above, and the game becomes needlessly difficult as a result."
,Recommended,294860,26005306,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tauunden,"I don't enjoy writing reviews and generally never do.This game is a masterpiece;The gameplay, story and art are truly amazing.The sole negative that I found with this game is that it left me with the want for a sequel that may never come."
76561197973018655,Recommended,294860,29536125,Posted: 28 January,all,HiddenX,Good J-RPG with a great combat system!
76561198215866480,Recommended,294860,24805068,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Thedayman64,RIght up there with Fire Emblem in terms of strategy and thinking so that all of your characters dont die horribly.It also has the mandatory anime beach scene10/10 would take my tank to the beach again
76561198130593171,Recommended,294860,32288884,Posted: 9 June,all,M0butu,"What this game is:- sort of a puzzle game (explanation follows)- a well done and story rich anime graphic novel- graphically VERY appealing with that super awesome CANVAS engine, even on laptops!- an alternate Europe World War II setting- linearWhat this game is not:- a strategy game, ABSOLUTELY NO STRATEGY INVOLVED!!!- a squad based tactics game (at least not a good one)- enjoyable for players expecting some WW2 strategy, you will be DEEPLY disappointed, even infuriated!By now you may have noticed my main gripe with this game: It is tagged totally wrong! In the game description by the publisher there is no talk of this game being strategic, and right they are!To get a good scoring in the missions - and therefore enough XP and money - you will have to focus on the objectives; And this almost always means running past every enemy and capture the flag with your fastest scout as fast as possible. For this you will have to start the mission several times to know all enemy locations. This is why I call this a puzzle game. Game is finishable with a more conventional approach as well though.If you are here for a japanese approach on WW2 Europe setting with really fresh graphics and story, by all means get it, devs did an awesome job. If you want a squad based tactics or even strategic game, stay far away!"
,Recommended,294860,13793382,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Maguro IV Ausf. H,I wanna see Cpt.Varrot in swimsuit and it won't let me. sad....still a very good game. recommend if you like Anime and turn based strategy games
,Recommended,294860,12886515,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,"If you loved Advanced Wars, Final Fantasy Tactics, or even Fire Emblem/Shining Force, you're going to love this game.It plays like a SRPG you would expect to come out of Japan, but is heavily enlaced with elements of real-time action. You're not forced to stay on a set grid and move so many squares at a time. To me, that freedom is a nice change of pace, and still is even many years later in this port to Steam. You heard me correctly; this game is nearly eight years old, and looks better than ever at 60fps.It's nice having surprises like this come to pc every now and then, and I fully welcome any console game port to pc that gets optimization as decent asValkyria Chronicles.My only actual complaint is that this game never had any type of head-to-head mode.Here's hoping Sega will consider giving us high-definition ports of the PSP sequels. I'll be there for that, Sega. I'll be there with a big wad of cash in my hand, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥eating grin plastered across my face. Until that day arrives... where'sShenmue?Update: Shenmue is on the way :)"
,Recommended,294860,12919806,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ReMaXeD,I love this game on PS3.I love it more on PC.I love you.
,Recommended,294860,31603260,Posted: 7 May,all,DanielDRocker,"10/10 and for $19.99 ""hey that's pretty good"""
,Recommended,294860,23142494,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Aqua_Taco,sniper killed a party member by shooting through a crack in a wall ... yeah this game is pretty frustrating
76561198021709841,Recommended,294860,12963272,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,A_Cheezy_Waffle,Playing this game will speak for itself. Highest recommendation possible.
76561198078762108,Recommended,294860,21765575,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Colonel puppers,- Puts 12 year old girl in the front with a machine gun to fight the Empire- 12 year old Girl unloads a full clip on a soldier's face.- 12 year old Girl screams in happiness after commiting murder10/10
76561198118629241,Not Recommended,294860,32152832,Posted: 3 June,all,earncorp,"One of the most frustrating games I have ever played.Pros: Beautiful animation, addictive turn based gameplay, and memorable characters.Cons: Movement. Your characters get hung up on terrain, while depleting your movement, leaving you exposed once you can no longer move. You cannot create your own strategies. Your characters are rail roaded through kill corridors, where you have to find the sweet spots to hide and shoot from.  Instead of creating your own stratagies, you just have to memorize where the enemy will move and shoot. If you see a builing you want to duck into, it will be cut off by rays of light. Often, towers are too far to put snipers in. The enemies lancers can hit your troops at great distances, but your lancers will miss tanks when standing right next to them. Beacuse the battle is lost when the Edelweis gets destroyed, instead of using the main character, I found myself finding places to hide the tank instead of actually using it. It did not seem to me that using orders or upgrading equipment actually made a difference.  I felt that this was more of a puzzle game than a stratagy game."
,Recommended,294860,12929137,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,nooto,"The best game I have played this year.I have always wanted to play this game to see what all the fuss is about but I don't have a ps3 so trying it out myself was kind of off-limits. Thus I was very happy to see that after 6 years, Sega finally decided to release the game on pc, and I was even happier to see that they actually put some effort into this port. I'm not going to pretend that it's perfect, as it has some pretty obvious, though very minor flaws. So far I have managed to enjoy this game fully without even having to bother plugging in a controller, as the keyboard and mouse controls feel very fluent, which in my experience is very rare for console ports. This pc version is definitely one of the better ports out there.The game itself is also excellent. Turn-based combat mixed with a bit of action is definitely a hit. So is the story of the game, which is told in either well made animation or little conversations between characters that remind me of skits from Tales of -series.Valkyria Chronicles has so far been the most fun I've had with a video game since Fire Emblem: Awakening. And that's saying a lot, as I've had a blast with Dark Souls-series and some other great games I've played this year. For the low price of 20€, you definitely shouldn't miss out on this gem."
,Recommended,294860,12895078,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,just fuckign kill me fam,this game has actual PC settings.
,Recommended,294860,12977531,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"Alright time to break it down. Valkyria Chronicles. Originally PS3. Back then when we had no trophies. Now on Steam, it includes the DLC. You heard me right. Edy's and Selvaria's Dlc in the Extras Menu. For those who haven't played it buy it here, you get the whole thing.Now onto review. A masterpiece. 10/10 Hardcore fan. Was so into it when I was younger.  This game took me by storm and revisited the days when the ps3 first came out and you are literally playing a wonderful story that has familiar elements of description depicted in WWII and WWI. However the game itself has you take the grand role of Welkin. Now I must state this games mechanics was unique. There was ways to upgrade, replay areas for cash(Yes farming for your upgrades and seeing characters lines and actions). The people have unique bios and personalities. There are some interesting facts and cross overs. You have a Tank (I'm not complaining).  The characters have their own coming of nature throughout the story. The side quests delve more into it as well as the bio from taking them into battle and having the reporter cover it. You play this game, you won't regret it!GALIA TO ARMS!(Spoilers ahead)The feels of Isara...The singing...Your characters can die.There is Skies of Arcadia Vyse and Aika as well as Fiona (Medic)The bios are funny... same with linesYour tank is your friendUPGRADEShocktroopers best cover fireScouts and Snipers best shootersLancers don't you dare missEngineers Repair and grenade. Shots mediocre.Interesting side notes and cutscenesWelkin has a fan club, same with Alicia apparentlyI don't care if Darcsen, they are fine as hell!Now that the small stuff is out of the way.The characters. Yes all of them have a unique story. The theme is befitting of the story and game. The plot is very well done and will play you out for some. One of the best things is that I can say about this game is that back then not everyone knew and when they finally did spread about it, oh man was I one of the few that had the hard copy. Still proud and never gonna forget playing this game and the memories. Now I'm playing here for old times sake. Ah I must admit though, the frames do matter when viewing, some computers don't handle it well. Know your settings people."
,Recommended,294860,13248040,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Das Wehraboo,"This game is the combination of World War 2, Fire Emblem and most 3rd person shooters.  It was also originally a PS3 game.  Before that deters you, this port nowhere near as bad as AC Unity, Black Flag or Watch Dogs.  This is a very good port of the game.POSITIVES:-Strategy Game, bad decisions result in consequences.-You are unable to tank through the game, it requires some thought, not recklessly charging at the opponent.-Framerate lock set to monitor RR, no 30 FPS lock, no resolution lock either, adjustable resolution-Tanks-Good Cutscenes-Good StoryNEGATIVES:-NoneOVERALL10/10-Worth every penny.  This is a quality game, and I loved every minute of playing it."
76561197994386114,Recommended,294860,12892324,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,200% Mikkusujusu ~,"Surprise!  The best tactical rpg for ps3 from 2008 is now on PC!!  If you haven't played it yet, do yourself a favor and experience this gem."
,Recommended,294860,12893852,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ChronoSwitchX,"This game is a blast to play! It's such a blast as you would literally stick your head in a tank's cannon. The story and presentation are marvelous and the gameplay is simple but demanding. So far the port runs smoothly and the only problem I have is the unaccurate controls on my 360 controller while shooting. Luckily the game pauses when you take an action other than moving.For everyone who like's JRPGs and Turn Based Tactics, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,294860,13492268,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,horrorz,"Played it before on PS3, then played it again when it's released on Steam, still loved it!Story : If you're a fan of anime types of storyline then this games delivers it really well. Even though the background story is about war and opression (also include some racism), this game delivers it in a way that's not too dark, and makes you want to cheer for the characters in the story. Further along the game you might even sympathize with some of the antagonists once you know their background story.Gameplay : The gem of this game. Even though it claims itself as a tactical RPG, it's actually a bit more than that. The freedom of movement in your action and the various methods you can do to complete a mission is what makes this game shines. Even the skirmish missions, which is essentially missions for grinding, can still be fun when you experiments with different completion methods. Though sometimes you will get frustated wishing for that one extra Command Points. :PCharacters : A LOT of characters, each with their own quirks which often will make you chuckle, or sometimes grind your teeth in frustration. Ex : those characters who sometimes forgot to reload their gun, too bothered to move, etcArt : I think I'll simplify it by saying that this game was once praised as one of the RPG with the best art on the console version.Fair warning though, not sure if it's my PC or the game itself, but the there seems to be jagged edges on some of the textures especially when playing cutscenes. Not really that noticeable though.Porting Quality : A lot of games which were ported from console to Steam usually suffers from inadequate porting issues which causes a lot of bugs etc. What surprises me is the porting quality of Valkyria Chronicles is really good. Tens of hours into the game and I haven't encountered any problems yet. A big plus.Extras : The Steam version comes with all the DLC and also original Japanese voice for the game. Might be a plus for some people.Conclusion : A must have game if you're a fan on anime style storylines, fun tactical gameplay, and pretty art to look at."
,Recommended,294860,12891770,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Viet Kong,"Sega is well known for making PC ports so awful your eyes fall out of your skull and creep into the deepest, darkest, depths of your basement, leaving a puddle of tears in their wake. So it is with great happiness, when I say that Sega has made a very good port here. Controller support, V-Sync, great resolution options, the whole shabang. The only thing lacking here portwise is the inability to use the mouse in the menu screens, which you will quickly get used to; the other problem is that cutscene quality is not changed from the PS3 version, fortunately the unique artstyle makes the game look rather nice even during those. Now as for the game itself, it's a turnbased tactical thirdperson shooter hybrid and boy does it work well. Move your soldiers about one at a time with your limited pool of command points, which are higher depending on your unit selection as some units provide cp bonuses when on the field. This game features permadeath for soldiers in your company who are not main characters, and each of these character has certain traits and a small bit of backstory to make their death oh so sad. I would recommend that any strategy fan pick up this game because there is nothing else quite like on the market, and this is something that you should definitely experience."
,Recommended,294860,12933508,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) つwefow #Wolfpack,"I played one of the VC on my psp, and was shocked to find out after all this year I can still play similar game. It gives me nostalgia and happiness."
,Recommended,294860,12918378,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Death Cube K,"Despite a few hiccups, this is solid turn-based RPG with a neat setting.  I hope they make a sequel that hammers out the flaws, some day.S-some day..."
,Recommended,294860,12976564,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bearcat,"Game is amazing, a great port from to the PC."
76561198006186670,Recommended,294860,24040274,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Joseph Joestar,Fun game! Many hours of game play! It Reminds me of mgs portal ops.I love and hate the perma-death of the soliders. Had to restart once due to one of my favorite characters dying. Each match can last up to 10(speed run)  15 (good player) or 20 minutes ( Normal player) and maybe more.Game is rather long and so I recommend buying the psp ver.(I Dont know the difference between the steam ver and psp ver.)
,Recommended,294860,12989958,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,キラキラ妖精椿姫,"Really fun game. Haven't noticed any bugs. Since the aesthetic style is the way it is, it will probably age quite well too.Additionally, it's great news that the licensing worked out for the Japanese voice acting. I found that I didn't really like the characterisation in the English scripts as much, so I'm happy that I can just turn the subtitles off and change the audio."
,Recommended,294860,12945755,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,KaiserSchnitzel,"Read this if you a) hate anime; and b) love turn based strategy.That describes me when I was thinking about buying this on the PS3. I am very, very glad I bought this game then, and I was happy to buy it again on Steam.If you love anime...well, you wouldn't be reading this, then, unless you wanted to argue with me about how I am an idiot for not liking anime. Just move on, because I'm sure you have some cutscenes to watch.If you're like me, though, I do have to warn you that the cutscenes in this game - of which there are MANY - are anime as hell. I don't even need to go into it, though, because I am pleased to report that you can skip any of them - or all of them, if you want - if you get tired of watching Welkin and Alicia blush with embarrassment just from talking about bread with each other, or listening to the winged pig squad mascot have an 'oink oink' conversation with squad characters, or just generally annoyed by the anime of it all in general. So, skipping cutscenes = awesome.The gameplay is GREAT. I wouldn't say the game is hard. It starts out very easy, but gets a very nice level of difficulty going for itself later on. The game is also fairly long. I've replayed the game a bunch of times on the PS3, and you really do get the feeling that you like playing it even after beating it two or three times. There are also the typical 'skirmish' missions that allow you to gain EXP and credits outside of the stroy missions, and they are fun, BUT there are only ten different maps for skirmish. There are varying difficulty levels, but to be honest they all feel the same except for the 'EX Hard' mode. The real disappointing thing about all of them, though, is that your ranking for each map is mostly based on the number of turns you take to complete the objective, usually capturing the enemy 'base' (walking up to a flag and hitting a button). Every map can be beaten in either one turn or maybe two turns, and so once you figure a map out for that rating, there's no real challenge even on the hardest difficulty.But, that's really only a minor complaint. Figuring out how to get that one-turn victory is fun in and of itself, so it's not really a negative other than the limited replayability aspect. There's enough gameplay here to make up for it.The game looks great. The art style is really neat, and really just looks amazing during play. The different classes and vehicles have a really nice rock/paper/scissors distinction going, and upgrading equipment, vehicles, and squad levels is not complicated - you can't really screw it up. The down side of this is that there's not a great deal of choice for you to agonize over. The real strategy for you is deciding how many and what type of classes you choose to field for any map rather than which squad members - most of them (except for the 'main' characters, which may or may not be required for a given map) are interchangeable. Also, you can actually switch squad members out during the play of any map and bring in other squad members to replace them.The best thing about this gameplay system, though, is that you get to field enough squad members on any given map that you can deal with the enemies on the field in the way you want to deal with them. You can have a lot of really effective squad compositions, and it is neat to try out the levels in a bunch of different ways. Also, certain characters have affinities or dislikes for certain other characters, or may have different attributes trigger under a given set of circumstances that happen in game. These come in the form of both buffs and debuffs, and do really add to the variety. Some of them, particularly affinity-based buffs and debuffs, are really very amusing, and you find yourself laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off at the way some squad member reacts whenever his secret crush is around. It's well worth finding out all the good ones.Yeah, I do highly reccommend this game. The gameplay really is a blast: it's not Xcom hard, but it's got a decent enough level of challenge, and the missions get big enough that you do have to spend time figuring out how to exploit the enemy. If you do like turn-based strategy, this game does it WELL, and you'll probably like it quite a bit."
,Recommended,294860,12888563,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ARMsIgnition,"Awesome porting compare to others Game Publisher nowsaday...No FPS and Resolution lock...Awesome Loading speed...For you who guys interested previously but can't play due to PS3 exclusive...GET IT NOW!Edit: Forgot to add, All DLCs Included! Like GoTY Edition!I urge you to buy this game, if you have a little interesting in it, not just for the game itself, but also support SEGA for the effort in awesome porting.TL;DR:-Awesome Porting-60 FPS on released. (AP drains faster bug in 60 FPS, but fixed within 2 days. GJ SEGA)-Loading Speed major increase comapre to PS3, even without using SSD-All DLCs INCLUDED! (LOOK at you CXPCOM and KXEI.)-Cheap price-Did i mentioned awesome porting?"
,Recommended,294860,31930574,Posted: 24 May,all,LeClérc,Good storyline. 10/10
,Recommended,294860,16392158,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dixie Fräulein,"Lovely anime style, striking similarity to the invasion of Poland, great gameplay, the only problem with this game is its lack of mouse support."
76561198044205602,Recommended,294860,16393659,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,FloobyBadoop,"Short version: Best $5 I've ever spent.Long version: 12 hours into the game, and I'm loving every second. Haven't felt this way since I played Fire Emblem for the first time on Gamecube.The unique combat system, engaging narrative, and immersive atmosphere really make this game stand out.The combat is essentially the kind of turn based RPG you might be familiar with from games like Fire Emblem, but actions are played-out real-time, with the other units on the map getting ""attacks of opportunity"" a la D&D. Difficult to describe, but that's the best way I can put it, and if offers a very unique and challenging experience.The narrative and characters are filled to the brim with anime and RPG cliches, as well as real-life streotypes. The game seems to all but acknowledge this, without breaking the fourth wall, so its easy to not only ignore, but enjoy. There were moments, however, where the game's dramatic tension was dulled by the predictability of certain cliches. I, however, like to think I'm pretty scrutinizing when it comes to narratives, so perhaps this won't bother many people. And if you're not familiar with anime and RPG cliches, this shouldn't bother you at all, as the narrative is otherwise very good!The atmosphere really complements the game. Behind all the light-looking, cutesy anime figures, is a very serious backdrop of a nation suffering from conflict. Being only 12 hours into the game, it feels like this seriousness could be played-up a bit more. Through all the info that Gallia is suffering from the war, the player seems to only rarely see the devastating effects of war first hand, and it works counter to the comentary about wanting to stop the war and bring about peace: if war means being able to kick♥♥♥♥♥and be a hero all the time, who cares about peace?Again, I'm cynical when it comes to narrative, so this probably won't bother you.There are a few other very nice touches about the game. The glossaries detailing the histories of characters, statistics and fluff info on weapons, in-game news reports about the war, the intricate cutscenes involving the main characters, the fun of customizing your troops gear and skill level. They all add icing on the cake!Overall, this game is a work of love, and it shows. I'd buy it again!"
,Recommended,294860,15660185,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,A good turn based strat game with RPG elements
,Recommended,294860,12917055,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Edelweiss,"I won't say the same thing that every else is listing the contents of the game. It's an amazing game and the port from the PS3 is almost perfect. For Gallian veterans, this game is no a brainer. Not only to be able to replay and reminisence but to also support the series and show Sega that this gem is not forgotten. To one day hopefully see a new entry in the series for all of us to enjoy. For newcomers, this is a game you should definitely play if you have always been a fan of strategy RPG's. Sharing many traits from games like Fire Emblem, Shining Force, and possible Final Fantasy Tactics while giving itself its own concepts to make it even more unique. It's definitely a pretty hefty game and will take you at least 30-40hours to complete the first time around. That time doens't include the DLC and New game+, in an effort to completely 100% this game. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do and for Sega for release VC3 to the West already ^^"" #ThankYouSega"
76561197982627785,Recommended,294860,12963980,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Thrash Driveshaft,"If you played this game on PS3...  why are you reading this?! You already know how great this game is! This review is for everyone that hasn't heard of VC or is still on the fence about it. First off, don't be dismissive of the reviews; this game was VERY well received by critics and rightly so. That it underperformed commercially (and why you may never have heard of it) is due to matters that I'll save for the end (in case you don't care). Financially this is a great value: you get the game (which still sells for 40+$US for a used PS3 copy) and all the DLC (another 20+$US on the PS Store) included. This adds extra difficulties, new skirmish modes and additional bits of story.Mechanically, VC is a strategy game in line with typical turn-based tactical games. You take a turn, then the enemy goes. Repeat until you win or the bad guys do. That is about where the similarities end. In practice, you control your troops in a third-person view, directing them freely on the battlefield. There are no grids here. Each character gets an action and movement, to be performed in any order you choose. Movement drains an action bar, so you can use as much or as little movement as you want, take an action and then move again if you want. All of this combines to make the fight feel much more fluid than in typical TBT games. To ice that cake you've got leveling, R&D, active and passive skills and ""Orders"" that basically act as global spells or super powers in other similar games. Taken together, it is a refreshing and interesting take on TBT fare. Most importantly, it all WORKS. Unlike many systems that try to redefine this genre, BliTz engine actually performs as intended.Visually, the original game was (and still is) impressive. The aesthetic ties directly into the story, as it's a recounting of events as viewed by a war correspondant. The game begins with a book opening and the author telling their story. To that end every bit of the world and interface is designed to reinforce the idea that this is literally a story in motion. And don't worry, the exposition is minimal. Everything here is ""quasi-cel-shaded"" and given texture and color like illustrations on paper, and all of this reacts in realtime rather than in still frames. Simple put, the artistic style (in my opinion) is beautiful.As for the narrative, don't let the visuals fool you: Valkyria Chronicles touches on the costs and darker sides of war. You won't see grizzled scruffy men grunting and barking curses at each other, nor will you see giblets and fountains of blood. In fact, though the implications of the horrors of war are not ignored, the actual violence itself is pretty tame. Likewise, if you see all the bright colors and cartoony art style and think this is going to be child's fare, think again. This is no Advance Wars, folks. Nowhere will you see something like, ""Hey guys, we just destroyed an entire enemy army! Let's go grab a soda!"" These are real people in a desperate situation, and the narrative never loses sight of that.For those that are familiar with it, the team responsible for VC also created Skies of Arcadia for the Dreamcast, and originally intended this game to be a sequel or spiritual successor to it. What they brought to Skies they also brought here: a clear and well defined world, as well as an interwoven story told within it. The entire game is focused on its objective of telling this story and making you love it. No collection missions. No skinning animals. No street races. No grabbing flags or hitting glowing checkpoints. This game is a story, and it only sets out to tell it.To wrap up, I am a HUGE VC fanboy. I've lost count of the articles I've written and references I've made about getting this franchise on PC. I still insist that the real reason that most of people have never heard of this series is because it launched too early in the PS3's lifespan and then had its sequels shackled to the dying PSP. Now all of that doesn't matter! I'm extremely excited to see this series where I believe it always belonged and truly hope it will find new life and new fans here on The One True Platform (tm)!"
,Recommended,294860,13012401,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chode Knight,"Tight af turn based strategy + waifus + tanks, what else you need bruh"
,Recommended,294860,12963228,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Artemis-kun,"If you're a fan of games that try things different from the genres they find themselves in, and anime, then this game will be a hit for you. I say differently, because the game is not your typical strategy-RPG game. It throws a neat action element into the mix that can be mistaken for action as a focal point, but in practice, the action element actually causes more strategic forethought than you would initially expect. No running in, guns blazing, in this game, or you will likely be quickly mowed down. At least, until you get the hang of things. At the end of the day, though, it's a pleasant experience with an engaging story to tell, a largely excellent vocal cast and localization, and a JRPG on your PC. How can you go wrong?"
,Recommended,294860,12961958,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Matrix374,A pretty good game with interesting visuals and gameplay.
,Recommended,294860,13301269,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,fenster,"It has become an increasing occurrence lately to see popular Japanese console games being ported to PC.  In many cases, these ports are half-baked without features many PC gamers have come to expect, but in Valkyria Chronicles, Sega has done a masterful job of porting over one of the PS3’s cult classics.  Valkyria Chronicles is a tactics strategy game that is not only a great example of PC ports done well (see the end of this review for a quick port summary), but an expertly crafted game in and of itself.  Though it has occasional pacing problems and runs a bit long, Valkyria Chronicles is solid enough in terms of narrative and gameplay that it ranks itself among other tactics greats such as Fire Emblem and XCOM: Enemy Unknown.VC takes place in a thinly veiled, slightly more fantastical version of World World II era Europe.  The meat of the game is similar to other tactics games; you control a small squad of soldiers on a battlefield, each with different specialties and abilities.  A turn consists of moving and taking actions with these characters in an over-the-shoulder third person view, allowing you to move and attack with a personal perspective of the battlefield.  After using up enough command points, the enemy takes its turn, and so on.  Each victory nets you experience and money based mostly on how many turns you took to complete the mission, which you can then use to level up your soldiers and upgrade their equipment.  Progression is handled well and by the end of the game, I found myself pretty content with how far many of my soldiers had come in terms of skills and abilities.  Core combat mechanics are fun and satisfying, although I found that some mission-specific mechanics could have been explained a little better.Battles themselves feel well-varied throughout the course of the game, and usually strike a fair balance in terms of difficulty (later missions get pretty darn tough).  It doesn’t explicitly tell you, but VC does allow for saves during a mission -- a point of contention in some tactics games.  In many ways it is a nice feature because you may sometimes unwillingly send your allies into a hellstorm of enemy fire without realizing it, and it makes the game a bit more accessible to newer players.  The fact that VC gives rewards based on fast mission completion, however, means that it can be very tempting to continually save and reload once you understand more about the mission and the enemies you are facing (or if you make a crucial mistake).  Obviously that’s a choice that’s completely in the hands of a player, but it’s a serious temptation when you are effectively penalized for not doing so.  Unfortunately, mid-mission saving and loading makes missions a little less satisfying to complete and makes an already long game take considerably longer -- I’d encourage anyone playing VC with experience in this genre to use this feature as little as possible.Valkyria Chronicles’ story itself is surprisingly pretty good, though it does take a long time before it gets interesting.  The plot gradually unrolls through a huge amount of dialogue, so be warned that this is a pretty long (30-40 hour) game if you want to experience everything.  Characters have some depth and relationships are multi-dimensional, which is helped along bymostlyquality voice acting.  To Valkyria Chronicles’ credit, it takes the brutal atrocities of World War II head on, and does so with sufficient tact, but the juxtaposition against its whimsical presentation is a bit jarring at times.  Anyone who outright hates anime may have some trouble with the visual art style, though anime tropes are used sparingly and everyone but the most close-minded should find the characters and style perfectly fine, if not likeable.  It’s also worth noting that the musical score throughout Valkyria Chronicles is beautiful and very well done, from the opening title screen to the final battle.Finally, some quick port details.  I was able to run VC at 1080p at 60 FPS on a GTX 570 with no issues whatsoever.  It supports both mouse/keyboard and Xbox gamepad support, and works well with both.  Cutscenes are still rendered in their PS3 resolution, but look perfectly serviceable.Overall, any tactics fan will find a ton to like in Valkyria Chronicles.  For those less familiar with the genre, VC is a decent starting point in that it is not too punishing and offers up an enjoyable war tale.  Combat is rich and satisfying, and the sheer amount of content offered to the player is impressive.  It may be a bit much for those looking for a short and sweet experience, but for most players, Valkyria Chronicles will be worth every minute."
76561197985779094,Recommended,294860,14137134,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,HeisenDoge,"A really solid game which effectively balances RPG and strategy elements; I enjoyed every minute of it.  Other reviews will do a much better job in describing the customization and solid mechanics the game offers so that won't be the focus of my review.What really stood out for me is how the game isn't afraid to bring out the more uglier human elements, such as racism, war brutality and hatred.  For example, a common theme in the game is the dehumanization of Darcsens, an ethnic group with jet black hair who are reviled, ridiculed and mostly treated as subhuman by in-game society.  Having played so many war games which simply pits the generic ""good guys"" Us vs. the ""bad guys"" them, it is refreshing to see how the characters, friends and foes, aren't cleanly defined but and each have their own strengths and weaknesses plus personalities which make them unique and memorable.  Seeing the characters with their flaws and prejudices fight together and ultimately learn to appreciate and respect one another in a non cheesy way is a sign of great character development and is one of the shining features of the game.Ultimately however, I really love how despite all the struggles that are felt by the characters in game, the developers always provide a message that there is always hope, no matter how desperate and miserable things may be.  While the dubbing at some points are cringe inducing, if you love a fantastic story, RPG and Strategy, give this game a try, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,294860,13197838,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Gao-chan,"First off the port is pretty good and Sega has been working on fixing all the issues that has come up. Secondly the game itself is very good. I enjoyed the story, and the gameplay  is extremely unique. Its very rare to find a JRPG that has a decent story, great gameplay and a decent soundtrack, but this is one of them. I hope to see the other two games of the series come to steam."
,Recommended,294860,14169162,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Catoose,"One of the finest games of the seventh generation finally released to the PC, it's a brilliant game. With a great story and characters to boot. Highly recommended. It is one of my favourite games of my entire Steam Library alone.PS: You can save during battles, just an FYI. I was kicking myself when I found out I could do that when I was over half-way through the game."
,Recommended,294860,15142759,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Pelandes,"So, where should I start...?Gameplay-wise, it is a turn-based military strategy with thrid person shooter action. Pretty much like XCOM, but years before that. Everytime you select a unit to move from a top-to-bottom view of the map, you go down into the battlefield and move it yourself in real time. Enemies will shoot at you if they spot you, even though it is your movement turn, meaning that you can be killed if you don't do something fast. This game constantly switches between thoughtful decisions when planning your movement and sheer action when you are actually moving / attacking.However, Valkyria Chronicles also does a great deal at story-telling, world building and character development. It is some sort of allegory to WWII told from the point of view of some characters whose hometown just got burned down and enlisted into the militia to defend their country (a tiny, neutral nation, sandwitched between two superpowers). You become the C.O. of Regiment 3, Squad 7, and you proceed to pick the soldiers who will aid your quest. May I point out here that each and every one of them are unique and have their own background, personality and oddities, all of which will show up in the battlefield, whether you like it or not. Most of them are not even professional soldiers, but common folks like you that have nowhere left to go and are now stuck with you.On top of that, the game is long, enjoyable and once you get started, you'll want to see it through the end. It was originally launched for PS3 in 2008 and now it has been ported to PC, improving it in the way here. It also has that good little ""something"" all SEGA games have. I can't recommend this game enough.+ As I said, great job at world and character building.+ It has to be the best story I have played thorugh in any game ever. Some of you may call it ""cheese"", and I can't blame you, but when a game makes me laugh non-stop in one sesion and cry like a little girl in the next, I call it a win on the developers' side.+ The battle system is pretty unique, if not a little annoying at times.+ Not taking the main characters into account, every recruit in the game (who, as stated, are all unique) can be killed in action if you mess up. Even though it isn't unreasonably hard, the game does not forgive. Remember that cute little gal who run around the battlefield, singing? Well, she's now dead. Forever. And it is your fault. Deal with it.+ Over 40 hours of gameplay average. Can be rushed or taken seriously, your pick. And all previous DLC is included in the price.+ The anime-like graphics recieved a boost in the port, and are now HD. You have to like the genre, though.+ Add a superb OST to the list. I think we can all agree on that.- The game will get repetitive if you play the entire campaign straight. Take your time.- Some battles can be dowright frustrating, and the ""rank"" given at the end only takes the amount of turns spent into account, not how well you performed.- The controls can feel a little wonky if you use a keyboard, especially when commanding a Tank.- The story missions cannot be repeated until you clear the entire game and start NG+. Then you can play them as much as you god damn like.Despite its flaws, this game still gets a full 10 out of 10. Seriously, it jumped to my list of best games I ever played in a matter of days."
,Recommended,294860,15619039,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,V.O.,Never got to play it in PSP.Very good convert.Recommended for RPG lovers
,Recommended,294860,14871479,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Your Nikukyu's Imouto,"Not really a review, but here's a friendly PSA from yours truly.Never, EVER, overwrite your save file while playing the DLC episodes. I lost 46 hours worth of progress. Not even Selvaria's dere dere side can save me from having the rage of the thousand sun."
,Recommended,294860,12890026,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Traductus,"Good Story?                       CHECK!Action-Strategy-RPG?       CHECK!Cel shading?                       CHECK!Different Units?                  CHECK!Running fine/good port?    CHECK!High Resolutions?               CHECK!Awesome Game?                CHECK!As hard  as ""Fire Emblem""   NOPE!Does that matter?                NO WAY!Do I recommend this game?   HELL YEAH!(I've played this game a few years, ago on my PS3 and I loved it)This port is nicely done and the game is really recommendable!my personal rating?  8,5/10"
,Recommended,294860,14971858,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Alice,Literally the best game on Steam.
,Recommended,294860,13459361,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GiD| Mr250,I mean if you hate fun you don't have to buy this.
,Recommended,294860,12908042,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[V-M] Hadriel,"As of this writing, I have only experienced 7 hours of gameplay. This is an early impression, not a full review. It will not be a comprehensive examination, just my initial thoughts on the game.First, I will address the matter of the PC port. I have experienced zero issues. Excellent port. There are very minor gripes, none of them game-breaking in my opinion. A good PC port runs well, and has more options for PC users. It does not necessarily have to re-vamp the whole game at a fundamental level. If you absolutely despise console games, you will find a reason to not like this. I'm not a console gamer nor a console game lover, but this one is really a great game that transcends its origins.I went into this somewhat skeptical. Even after a little research and a few gameplay videos, I was unsure but decided to take the plunge. Let me assure you, I am not at all sorry that I did so.I absolutely love the world that Valkyria Chronicles takes place in. The art and overall esthetic is beautiful. Voice work is of good quality, and suitable for the genre. If you watched anime when you were a kid, this might very well strike a chord with you.Playing this game is very much like watching an anime, except that you're involved in the story. There is plenty of story here. You can skip the story and just enjoy the combat scenarios, but you would be missing out on this amazing piece of art. Do yourself a favor and experience what this game has to offer. If you really don't like anime or this type of storytelling, then you might not want to waste your time.The combat is enjoyable, and there is plenty of depth to be found for those concerned it may be overly simplistic. You are required to think. Thoughtless deployment and thoughtless actions result in failure and death. Synergies between squad members are meaningful. The transition to and from real-time movement within a turn based structure is smooth and works well, but may take some getting used to for a few. Once the flow of an engagement becomes natural, the system shines.I'm having a lot of fun with this, and I'm glad I bought it. If you're still on the fence, read some more reviews, watch some more videos. I can tell you that this game's cult status is not without reason, and I can now see why it had and has such a devoted following. Definitely a classic.As always, your experience may differ from mine. I hope some of you find this information helpful.Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,294860,12886148,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vermilion,"Port's good. What else do I need to say. It probably runs fine on your grandma's DOS computer that she's had for decades. I did notice that sometimes the voice lines are a little bit quiet compared to the music, but that can be fixed easily."
,Recommended,294860,30011677,Posted: 18 February,all,Tofu,"This game is both masterpiece and art. Its beautiful, its challenging with a very well designed difficulty, and I can play it for hours at a time.I only wish the sequels were ported to PC."
76561198004195595,Recommended,294860,12921231,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Moon Punisher,"This game is superb to say the least , personally i find difficult to describe it , but it for sure would fall under a mix of SRPG and JRPG. In the end it is a mix of shooter/RPG/strategy game.The port quality is decent/good , the game is ofc old , but SEGA did add plenty of standard features to it , so technically speaking , there is very little to complain about.Describing this games combat would is a hard thing , i guess to give an quick idea i would say you can select soldiers to send on each battle , you get an overall number of ""actions"" per turn and you can spend them on any soldier you got , when you decide to shoot then game gives you a third person shooter camera in which you probably will try to get a headshot. Add to that the fact this is a RPG , so there are different classes that do different things and got different tools.I recomend watching a video about the combat and how its classes work...This game really deserves to be recognised has one of the best games that ever launched on PS3."
,Recommended,294860,25735255,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Seta,"I always wanted to play this game from the first time I saw footage of the PS3 version so you can imagine my joy when it was announced and subsequently released for Steam! Very nice all-around! Perfect match for people like me that like japanese strategy RPG like Fire Emblem, FFT, and Tactics Ogre.+ sweet art style and graphics engine+ gameplay that remains fun and engaging and makes you think strategically+ very interesting fictional universe (lots of parallels with World War 2)+ charming cast of characters. you WILL like quite of a few of them+ good sountrack- game story starts great but gets crappy and predictable aproximately halfways- shallow main villian with anticlimatic battle- you can break the game by exploiting a specific character class (not telling)"
76561198105441101,Recommended,294860,12934161,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Boonma,"I had the hardest time whether to get this game for the pc or ps3 since i'm an rpg player and like to collect rpg/good games and I dont consider digital copies to count. All I can say is that, I had no regrets buying this for the PC. This is a good game for all you people that don't know. Its fairly challenging imo and i'm only on like chapter 10 at this time of writing this. Alot of trial and error and you probably still wont get a good score w/o using guides. Good story so far, no realllly dispisable characters, good stratagy game, decent music, funky controls in the beginning but I got used to it (really bad tank controls though imo lol). All in all, a really good rpg game that's definitely worth picking up on steam even if you don't play RPGs!"
,Recommended,294860,29259812,Posted: 14 January,all,bullpup ツ,"Really cool game, with an interesting story, cool fights, some strategy elements, some RPG elements.Didn't finish it (the second part is a bit too drawn out for my taste), but the first part was lots of fun."
,Recommended,294860,14154040,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Merric Brightsteel,You owe it to yourself to play this game. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,294860,33570257,Posted: 15 July,all,PonytailExpress,Pretty gud game
,Recommended,294860,13462818,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kilim,literally one of the best ps3 games ever made on PC
76561198060541611,Recommended,294860,14074759,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ThreeScoops,Jane was a florist. 10/10
,Recommended,294860,18024870,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Akka,The game is so good that it convinced me to spend something like 100 bucks on an anime statue
,Recommended,294860,15175495,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fleece Booty Johnson,Like Fire Emblem with guns 10/10
,Recommended,294860,14037203,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Toona Sandwiches,"Imperials threaten to kill everyone because they want some precious stone.But some man told me of this vegetable crisis and how people were hungry. They weren't here to some stupid rock, but MY vegetables.So I drove a tank and murdered them.10/10."
,Recommended,294860,12906729,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Exooodus,A good game.
76561198006876355,Recommended,294860,12926196,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,yochitoranaga,"Valkyria Chronicles is a charming game originally deployed on the PS3 6 years ago.The game is based on a fictive version of a 2nd world war era Europe. 2 large ntions / alliances of nations dukes it out in an attempt to control a multipurpose ressourse, the ragnite, that has become scarcier. Stuck in between the two major powers, a small independant nation, names Gallia, struggles to maintain its neutrality until one of the major powers, the eastern empire, turns its gaze upon the large ragnite reserves it posseses. It is now up to a small band of civilians of all origins enroled into the millitia to defend the contry and push back the eastern invaders. The player controls squad 7 of the militia. The game is a strategy role playing game with several unique twist to its game mechanics:The missions rewards the players who manages to reach the final objective in the shortest delays, encouraging risky tactics over attrition tactics. A mission will rank the player based on the number of turns it takes to accomplish the main objective. Each ranks gives a different amounth of xp and cash and the difference between each ranks can be very noticeable. The difference in gain from a Rank A reward and a B rank rewards can make killing all units more of a hinderance than anything, as they'll never fill the gap of xp between the 2 fo example.Each turns are made up of a player phase, where the player gets to use his command points as he fits, and then, the enemy phase who does the same. The player don't need to play all his units in a turn, nor is he limited to use each units once. Indeed, he can active multiple times the same units over the course of his phase, but each extra time the character is activated, the movement points are reduced, causing a gradually more limited movement range. Furthermore, several weapons and actions have a limited amonth of use per phase and usually regenerates of only one use per turns (exemple, sniper rifles can shoot only 3 bullets, and only recovers 1 bullet per turns, so if the player shot three times this turn, the next turn he will only have one shot).Keep in mind however, that command points are limited, and some other things uses command points.  For instance, tanks consume 2 points of commands and the player can also use ""orders"" which gives a boost to either a single unit or entire squads or can allow for some special actions like sniper support or instant evacs for different costs depending on the specific order.An important difference in gamplay mechanics is that whenever you select a unit, you fall in a 3rd person perspective and control the character directly. I can make 1 action (shoot, heal, repair, throw grenade) and can move as long as your movement gauge has some points in it. Some skills may trigger at any time during the activation, giving buffs or debuffs on your character's actions, thus influencing the results of the actions.While in action mode, the character player by the character is subject to counter fires by all tanks, scout, shocktrooper and engineer units in firing range, as such, the player cannot just waltz in enemy lines unattended. Also, when the player attacks any of the stated classes but fails to kill them, they can make a single counter attack, making the management of a unit's HP primodial in the action phase. But what is true for the player, is also true for the enemy. A good positionning of the player's units can make a formidable line of defence. A bad positionning can lead to death however, so it is recommended to end each character's final turn in hiding or in cover, in order to improve their chances of survival.Each characters comes with 3 or 4 personality traits who can be beneficial (like hard worker which allows a second action) or hindering (like pollen allergy which generat an hp loss whenever your character walks in the grass) and each characters have their own unique combination of those. Furthermoe, each characters have access to up to 4 benefical potentials based on their class, giving even more variety in each units.There is perma death in this game for every sub characters. While story characters are immune to this, they become unavailable for the rest of the mission. This occurs when a character is reduced to 0 hp and he is either left ther for three turns unattended, or that the enemy walks up to him first. In order to avoid this, the player needs to either send a unit next to the downed man or spend some command points and use the appropriate order to force an evac of the unit without risking another unite for the job.Another twist is that the xp earned in a fight is considered a squad exp rather than an individual one, like most games of the genre. This exp can then be spent on leveling up classes as the player wishes it. When a class is leveled, all characters of that class are leveled along with it, even those not currently part of you selected squad. This design choice allows the player to try out different characters without suffering the drawback of a character underleveled compared to the current state of the game.The visuals of the game stands up very well despite being 6 years old. The graphics juggle between anime style and watercolor painting giving it a unique artstyle that can stand the test of time. Each environnement are well depicted and their atmosphere well expressed. Details go as far as giving a unique face to each of your prospect squand members, giving them a identity and a personality despite not being integral part of the story. Even some Onomatopoeia can be see on screen whenever a tank moves, a gun shoots or some other interesting sounds occurs while in slide shows during story sequences, giving the feeling to read a comic book.The menus and between mission events are all integrated in a book style interface, as if all you experience in the game is red through scriptures and images of the book, this way of navigating through the menu allows the player to remain immersed in the game's universe even though you are in the meta management of your squad. I found it charming and pretty unique in its own right.Sound is another part of the game where lots of love was poured into. The original sound track is one of the bestI listened to in the industry, channeling through strong emotions whenever it was needed. Likewise, the voice acting / dubbing is pretty good, and the player can even choose between Japanese or English voice over, both being of very good quality.In short, it is a beautiful game full with unique mechanics and personality that deserves to be tried out. My game on the ps3 lasted for a good 40+ hours and I stilll had the dlc to finish. The PC port, when played with a game controller, is very much like the PS3 version, with generally better FPS. I did encounter some major slow downs shortly after some in missions events triggered while in 3rd person mode, but they are few and far in betwee and usually don't last long.I have been preaching the virtues of this game for 6 years now, and those who decided to give it a try, loved it. The game was cursed by near inexistant marketting on a very prolific gaming year and passed mostly unnoticed by gamers of the time. Sega is now giving the francise a second chance and I can only hope that, this time, the game will get the recognition it deserves :D"
,Recommended,294860,12921063,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ClayXros (Plain Cereal),"I will be honest. I only know about this game from Prject X Zone which, in my opinion, is basicly a catelogue for games people should get. Never thought I'd find it on Steam! Anyway...A strategic, 3rd person shooter game in the style of Anime. The gameplay is great, frankly. The gameplay is reminescent of a cross of Risk, Civilization, and a bit of TF2 (personal opinion it's a good thing), plus anime. The main amazing thing is each character is unique and has their own story, their own pros/cons, and even things they like/dislike to do. I found one who doesn't like killing, and wont act if they have to attack. Most willingly fight, so dont worry. I have only just gotten into this game, but I am hooked. I'd give it a 8/10. Why not more? *cough* no megaman *cough*"
,Recommended,294860,12924749,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Folklore,Amazing and beatiful game. I'm glad this is finally on PC.
,Recommended,294860,12921955,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,(´・◡・｀) Ennetro,"Favourite game now on PC, and the port is excellent.SEGA remake 2 and 3 for current gen already ;_;"
,Recommended,294860,12950588,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Milo Raglan,"Probably one of my top 3 favorite games of all time.I really don't know what it is about this game that makes me love it so much...But I think its that pleasure that comes from making a team of interesting characters that work well together. Every character has a their own unique personality and you find yourself growing attached to them and relying on them. I would find myself talking to them. Telling my sniper ""You got this shot, I know you do, I'm not even worried about it."" or yelling at a downed man ""Today is not the day you die, we're coming for you!""Any friend I would talk to would have different people on their team and different characters they rely on themselves.Anyway I could write paragraphs about the interesting levels, story, upgradableable gear, music, etc. But I'm only going to say its all great, all of it.If you like strategy and story, you will not be disappointed."
76561198015563783,Recommended,294860,12921661,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Luftwaffel,Great port! Thanks Sega!........Now give me PSO2!
76561198047139987,Recommended,294860,12918356,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Psync,Almost a masterpiece.
76561197993229873,Recommended,294860,12918435,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,elfisko,One of the best tactic jrpg now on PC. You should also try it :)
,Recommended,294860,12918658,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Der Kindred,Killing Imps for Gallia all day long. 100/10 must get. Catherine O'Hara for MVP sniper.
,Recommended,294860,12919651,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Rhythm,This game is currently the most top sold game on steam and it's been out for only 24 hours. Need I say more?
76561198114082156,Recommended,294860,12919781,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Legaiawisdom,great game +++good difficulty
,Recommended,294860,24983438,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Rowsdower,"Story:In an alternate universe Europe is undergoing WWII due to a lack of a multipurpose energy resource called ragnite. The neutral country Gallia is invaded by the Empire for its rich ragnite resourcesor so it seems. The main characters, Welkin and Alicia, end up leading Squad 7 and take part in various military campaigns. As the war goes on the true motives for the Empire's invasion are revealed.The story is told through episodes. Some of them you play and some you just watch. It is kind of like an anime and there are even filler episodes you can buy responsibly with your military funds, one of which is the anime required beach episode. You can rewatch episodes but you cannot replay campaigns. The only campaigns you can replay are the bonus skirmishes, most of which resemble the actual campaign you played.Gameplay:This is a turn based RPG, however you have full control of your character (a unit of your squad) and can aim with them too. There are 6 classes: Scout, Shocktrooper, Lancer, Engineer, Sniper, and Tank Commander. Scouts can move the farthest in one turn and spot enemies more easily than other classes, they have a weak but accurate gun and their defense is low. Shocktroopers can move a low to medium amount in one turn, their defense is good and they can carry a powerful machine gun and flamethrower. Lancers cannot move very far but they are effective against tanks. I believe they can also get a variant of their weapon that makes their lances (rocket launchers) have a wider spread for groups of enemies. Engineers can refill ammo and repair guard towers, sandbags, and tanks. They can heal more effectively too. Snipers cannot move very far and have low defense. In the first half of the game they are pretty much useless because they will ALWAYS miss. Later on you can upgrade your sniper rifle with Aim stat A and they will be pretty useful then. Tank Commanders will always be in their tanks. You will get 2 tanks in the game but in the first half you can only control 1. Tanks can kill other tanks and groups of soldiers and they can break down barricades. You can also use it as a shield for your troops in the back and you get smoke rounds later on.Although you can aim in this game it does have random elements (RNG). Most enemies will die when you shoot them in the head with a shocktrooper or scout but some will dodge randomly. Lancers and Snipers will frequently miss even on later stages when you have your weapons upgraded. It is not too big of a downer but on the last stage you might have to shoot an armored enemy and they only shot the target 1 out of 4 times. That is 3 turns wasted. Tanks can also shoot armored enemies but they take 2 CP (turns) rather than 1 CP. I said ""might"" because there is a chance that the boss won't activate those armored enemies (another random element). On a reload he did not and I was able to finish the boss on that turn.You level up and purchase upgrades for the entire class rather than individual characters. In my opinion I love that feature because you can play the game without too much fuss. YYour squad members can die but you can save them if you get to them in less than 3 turns, complete the mission or reload a save from before. But you get an achievement the first time one of them dies so I was OK after one of mine died. The princess even gives you an award. Joking aside it was kind of sad when my squad member Coby died because they each have their own story and personality shown by their dialogue and unique abilities. Some characters unique abilities and they like certain people. When they are by a person they like (as a friend or love) they get status up. I believe status up makes them less likely to miss or raises their defense. I am not too sure. The character like system doesn't really get in the way of the game but it would help those that wish to use it. Each class also has certain abilities that are unlocked as you level up in addition to the unique ones. While some unique abilities simply give them a status up others change the gameplay. One unique ability, ""Hard Worker"", allows the character to shoot again. Another one allows you to instantly heal. Certain class abilities can increase damage, or allow better tank repairs. There are some bad abilities too. One called ""Moody"" prevents you from doing anything on your turn. Some characters are also racist or sexist and will get a status down by the type of person they hate, including Darcsens, women or men.This is a fun great game and it really is fun planning your moves. The ability to move your character and aim with them is a plus. I only like RPGs if they allow you to control your character in some way, like Mario & Luigi. There is even a New Game Plus. This is definitely a buy."
,Recommended,294860,17772848,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AgentAtomic,"Kill an enemy, do a victory pose, get killed by the five other enemies that are surrounding you."
76561198061110646,Recommended,294860,24912058,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NiceDragon,"Valkyria Chronicles is the bset rpg strategy game you can play, i remember the first time i played i was back in 2010 on ps3 i did beat it of course and after i did i went and watched the anime and both are great i would recommend anyone to play this. this games has a well balance of action, romance and drama, but for people who dont have time to play the game just watch the anime the anime is just as good as the game since the anime still follows the story. i would give this game a solid 10/10 same with the anime."
,Recommended,294860,12890129,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dark Valley,"If you are looking for a non-clichéd story driven RPG, are looking for complex strategy, or enjoy games such as Fire Emblem (this has the pernament death feature, too), this game is for you. The CANVAS engine also makes the game look beautiful, like a meticulously-drawn anime.It has a great learning curve, too.Do yourself a favour and buy this game!"
76561198004033562,Recommended,294860,12890117,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JavaHero,"I usually wait for a game I am interested in before buying a video game console. And this one was the one which made me buy a PS3. The team behind it is composed of people who worked on games like Sakura Wars and Skies of Arcadia. The OST is from the man behind the ones of Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy XII and Tactics Ogre.The game itself is like a mix of traditional (square movement based) tactical RPG and third person shooter. The movement is free and aiming involves a manual part instead of being only based on the character skills.Each fight brings a new element to the gameplay and the inclusion of tanks units for cover and orders from the commanding unit to alter the fight are nice additions.You can build your team of characters out of a large cast and each of them as special characteristics that can heavily influence their attitude in combat. For instance, some perform better when they are alone, some gets better stats when running fiercely into battle and worse stats when they are forced to advance carefully.As far as I have seen the PC port works well and the mouse control is quite helpfull when it comes to aiming. All original DLCs are included and the price is reasonable. It seems to support any resolution as well as any refresh rate. However, be aware that the cutscenes are not rendered in real time and seems to use the original from the PS3 (which were not that bad but in 720p without AA)."
76561198014252825,Recommended,294860,12892079,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Returner7,"I’ve complete this game multiple times on PS3! It's a good port of the PS3 version plus you get all the DLC! The game is a tactical RPG that plays like XCOM with some third person cover shooter mechanics (manual aiming, sticky cover, natural movement) in an alternate history WWII inspired setting with a decent story, a unique art style, and a tank!Pros:-	Gameplay looks beautiful runs at a smooth 60 fps @ 1080p on my GTX570-	Comes with all the content in the PS3 version (including JPN  audio track) plus all DLC-	Full controller support-	As of Q4 2014, currently cheaper than PS3 version (when DLC is factored in)Cons:-	Cutscenes are the same quality as the PS3 version-	Keyboard & mouse controls are a bit weird (low mouse sensitivity & odd default mappings), but are rebindable and work well enough given this game’s mechanics-	JRPG style and story may not be for everyone"
76561198088259969,Recommended,294860,12893297,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gurgeh,"I just love this game. Beautiful graphics, sweet characters and development, lovely story with some real moments (just wait), lovely culture, social commentary.... so good!!! The game itself is fantastic, some beautifully designed levels and the mix of turnbased/action is so playable. Such a shame they didn't release more to the main platform outside Japan. (When I think of how many samey, soulless, bloodthirsty first person shooters turn into endless franchises.. the mind boggles) . I played this through on the PS3... absolutely adorable. Has an atmosphere all of its own like nothing else!If you like strategy...If you like to be able to take your time and relax with turn based play...If you like to emerse yourself in a story, and perhaps be given something a little meaningful and caring to contemplate...If you like to see style in your graphics/artwork...If you like Anime... (they even include the Japanese voice over besides the English.)If you like any of the above.... then please get this game. What a steal at the price. It is mainly graphics that date a game but this doesn't apply to this game's Manga/Graphic-novel feel. Meanwhile the game play remains pretty unique. This game is still as fresh as when I first played it."
76561198057815534,Recommended,294860,12895161,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Enoch,"Oh Valkyria Chronicles, how I've missed you."
,Recommended,294860,12895860,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BlancnOut,"I'm keeping this spoiler free:One the best games I've ever played back when I got it on PS3, and still one the best games I've ever played. The port is fantastic; everything flows in combat and I never felt the controls (which can be rebinded anyway) were the cause of my failures, albeit the cutscenes will look weird as they're still in the 720p quailty from the PS3 version. The navigation and menus take some getting used to on the keyboard, but I definitely prefer to aim with a mouse in this game. The story is not the greatest out there, but this was first game ever to make me care about the minor characters. The main reason why I love this game is the gameplay (which should always be put first in my opinion), and this game really punishes you for little mistakes like being a centimeter away from sandbags and not retreating when your units are being overwhelmed. If you feel the game is too easy (which is definitely isn't) you can change the difficulty to a really hard mode, but only in skirmishes; I think the story missions vary from being a piece of cake to ridiculously difficult, which results in some frustration sometimes.The game comes with the 2 DLCs:Enter the Edy Detachment:A short mission where you save a village from a raid and escape once you save the villagers. Hard as hell if you don't know what you're doing.Behind her Blue Flame:Basically you wreck the army as a general from the Imperial Army and it is badass.If you have any interest or like for strategy games and like (or hate) anime, you should give it a try regardless because it's just that good of a game."
,Recommended,294860,12986894,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spibro,"This game i bought purely because of the art style and the turn based combat, however above that i found myself really enjoying this game.Pros: Art style, Story, Characters.I had read barely anything about this game before buying, but found myself getting really into the story. It really is enjoyable, theirs not any boring characters or corny catch frases (YAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY)Negs: Customization, Battles.I'm using these fairly loosely, customization came in because you can't create your own character or really edit much about the characters you use. (Aside from weapons.)Battles came in as it definetly has it quirks.eg1: My lancer (Anti-Tank) got hit with a bullet from an enemy which can lower attack. My Lancer was then unable to do ANY damage to a tank, which when you have no other lances nearby is very annoying because of a bullet...eg2: Even the perfect headshot from a sniper or any weapon will not count as headshots because they are crouching behind cover... Even if you flank the people, headshots still don't count...These being said, i find myself playing for the story, it has so many lovely characters. I watch ALL cut scenes, the combat can be pretty grindy, but it's definetly a fun game. Has many feels and found myself close to crying :')Gud tears :')"
,Recommended,294860,12907057,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,Great game with a great story.
76561198048987195,Recommended,294860,13455466,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Three-quarters Blind Profit,"I've played this game for over a hundred hours on ps3.The bad:Unless it was patched after this review, menus have horrible controls.  Fortunately, in-battle controls are great, and the mouse works just like it should.  So basically, when it counts the controls are great, but when it doesn't it can be a bit annoying.The plot and characters at times are almost saccharin.  A few missions in this makes more sense, as there is permadeath and the combat can be gritty.  The plot does its best to keep the whole thing from depressing you.The game grades your performance on speed alone.  This means that if you want high grades on a lot of missions you're best off just using scouts and the occasional lancer.The good:It's a mix of strategy RPG and third-person shooter.  It works much better than it sounds, and it doesn't sound all that bad.Every character is unique, and picking the right characters (not just character classes) can make missions drastically harder or easier.Gear and tanks can be customized.Annoying character?  You can permanently kill them off.  Granted, you might find that they're more valuable than you think at first..."
,Recommended,294860,13140490,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cookie of Seduction,"This game is beutiful. The watercolor-ish art style is great and makes it kinda feel like you're reading a storybook. This game is filled with moments that make you actually think, since perma-death is in this game (R.I.P Wavy T^T).  Anyway, the game play is great, and the story kinda makes sense (Meaning that you can keep up with it). Its requires strategy, skill, smarts, and a little luck (I have no luck, btw. R.I.P Wavy).This may be good for some people, but at the start of the game you get kiddnaped by a Waifu. Enjoy that, and the fact that shes one of the two characters that wear skirts into combat. gg."
76561198036845303,Recommended,294860,12954597,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[MSAF] Galian Squad 422,"Why is it that this game is one of the best game on the PS3 era?1. It's showcase one of the most beautiful artstyle that blends in Anime Character with Watercolor.2. Great in-depth (though still have a few parts that can be iron out) Gameplay mechanic that took it's turn into a new RTS with the blend of RPG gameplay.3. Unique classes that plays their role really well in turns of turning the tide of the battles.4. Well Crafted level design that plays out onto how to solve certain issues like taking out ""Shocktroopers who's hinding in the sandbag"" to ""which units is can be snipe so your troops can push in with low resistance""5. Rich backstory about the world and the races that plays alongsideDown side though?The Main story is anime-ish. So it may turn down some players who isn't into anime-ish way of story-telling stage."
,Recommended,294860,12918882,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blue Rogue,"If you enjoy turn-based strategy games, definitely give this a try. Imagine the Fire Emblem or X-com games, but instead of a top-down panel system, it uses a limited meter to allow you to freely roam with a third person camera/controls."
,Recommended,294860,12943394,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,kvg88,"It's been six years since I first played through Valkyria Chronicles on the PS3 and I am pleased to report that the game is just as, if not more stunning on PC then it was when it originally released. If you're on the fence for buying this game because of recent trends in shoddy ports to PC such as Dead Rising 3 and Final Fantasy XIII, I can say without a doubt that you have nothing to fear because Valkyria Chronicles is steller. Do yourself and this masterpiece justice and add it to your Steam library now! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,294860,12892832,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Communist Weeaboo,"Where do I begin...I played this game when it first released on PS3, loved every moment about it, I played it more than I slept for months on end. I beat the game about 7 or 8 times during the initial rush. It never got dull to me, between beating the game and watching the Anime with it, it was a perfect combination.The PC Port of this game, as I've played it thus far is without a doubt, the best PC Port of a game I;ve ever seen in action and had the privallege of playing. The gameplay is top notch, perfect 60fps no dips no nothing. Just perfect and smooth. The cutscenes are fluid as they were on the console.This game has been apart of my life since 2009, and now, since my ps3 is out of service, can live on with me even longer than it has.I don't wanna go into talking about the story of Valkyria Chronicles, but I will say I highly recommend this game. That may be biased, since it is one of my favorite games, but all in all, its well worth the 20 bucks again."
76561198028825888,Recommended,294860,12975081,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Chaos_Umbra,"Great game, very engaging story and characters, with a unique type of turn based strategy."
76561198035887700,Recommended,294860,16905081,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dipilodorkus,Just finished my first playthrough and the DLC. Very in depth and alot of fun. They don't make em this good that often anymore. Worth the 20
76561197976814642,Recommended,294860,12887188,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Green spleen submarine,"It's ported very well. Sure the interface isn't fully incorporating a mouse but the pop-ups show what keyboards commands are required at the correct moments and you can ""look"" around with the mouse in a reliable fashion.Story is a good localization of what is your typical Japanese themes but set in the harsh reality of an industrial war.Great musical score and the mechanics are reliable. You can look at any PS3 review for this game and it will hold up with no porting issues. Sega has done a good job here."
76561197979551053,Recommended,294860,12887121,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Elevator Doors,"Its the same old game ported from the ps3. If you played that one then this will be no different but will always have a place in my library. For new people getting into this then your in for a wild ride. Controls are finicky but still manageable. Its a tactical game so making small moves in wrong directions or aiming will greatly affect your outcome. Story is a strange twist to the genre of a war(very similar to what we already know) but adding an anime twist to it. Check out old reviews and base yoru decision off that, but i highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,294860,12887126,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nuclear Hot Sauce,"An anti-war game about a war released on Remembrance Day, coincidence?Great port from saga, and one of the finest game of the 7th generation"
76561198089676517,Recommended,294860,12887525,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Saintsinhell24,I loved this game on the PS3 and now I can love it all over again on my PC. The port is surprisingly great. I highly recommend this game to fans of strategy/RPG games you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,294860,12889214,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Decent port. I absolutely love this game. Highly reccommended if you like Turn-based Strategy.What is it?I guess you could say its a mix between XCOM and Fire Emblem. It's an undeniably Japanese take on World War II, and it works.The cell-shaded graphics are gorgeous, though cutscenes can be quite grainy. Everything on the in-game engine looks fabulous though. The game has a fantastic art style.I will say that most of the in-game menu cannot be controlled via mouse. It is obviously not ideal but as PC players, this is something we have to put up with when playing some console ports. Other than that the port is pretty great."
,Recommended,294860,15593336,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ron_tuex,"This game got me addicted to playing it and took 76 hours of my life. I played it until I've achieved every achievement and finished everything I can do with this game. It breaks my heart deleting it on my hard drive, but all good things must come to an end. Salute to squad 7 and to all of Gallia!So here's my short review.The graphics of this game is what you would expect an anime game to look like. It's well designed and the movements of the characters are very smooth and not clunky.The voice acting and the BGMs were great.You can choose wether the audio is in english or japanese.The gameplay was awesome. A combination of turn-based, fps, third person game. I really don't know what it's called but it sure is awesome! :DThe story is told in a book-style menu where each scene is there in chapters and you can view the scenes as many times as you want. The story is well told though.The mechanics of this game are well explained. It's not that complicated and you'll surely get used to it in no time.The DLCs are free and there's the story mode and the skirmish mode. There's so many thing to do in this game.Check it out on YouTube if you really wanna know what this game has in store for you.I don't know how to rate these kind of things but because of the experience I had with this game and the 76 hours that my life had a sense of purpose again (LOL)I'll give it a whopping 10/10."
,Recommended,294860,15071866,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Cresap,"Tactical WWII Anime. What's not to love?  Investing story, tough mix of third person shooter and strategy RPG elements, intriguing characters, and beautiful cell-shaded art style. Fantastic experience overall, and a great example of something done a little different from the norm, but a job well done."
76561198016603957,Recommended,294860,33773426,Posted: 24 July,all,Fibulator,"Still trying to find the start button... I've been looking for almost 20 hours!But seriously, I love the story, and watch every episode, even the 'writing on the wall' special reports.Combat is completely unique mix of tactics and FPS (You ""pause"" the game before you're allowed to aim/fire) and Turn based combat.Some of the fights are quite hard, require a bit of reloading.One thing I *really* dislike is to get A rank, most of the maps rely heavily on scouts just running past everything and only killing the 2-3 guys in the final camp.  Not a ton of fun to essentiall ""skip"" the entire fight."
,Recommended,294860,16732425,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Conor12,"A great port of a great game.The gameplay is solid, and can be reasonably difficult. Your squad members CAN die permanently, but on the other hand you will earn more rewards from missions if they are completed quickly, so riskier moves can be quite tense. Missions will never feel impossibly hard, but you will always want to pass with your entire squad intact. (Somewhat like XCOM: Enemy Unknown)Valkyria Chronicles has a really diverse cast, each with their own backgrounds, strengths and weaknesses. The game is quite story-based, and there are several optional side missions that flesh out the squad.Finally, the game looks amazing with a unique art style. Here's hoping to ports of the sequels!"
76561197975867854,Recommended,294860,13079993,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Zeeroh,"wow. art style is amazing, gameplay can be said to be a sort of 3rd person turn based strategy game with way more freedom in movement compared to something more traditional like xcom or shadowrun. playing thru the game is like watching your generic anime set in the war torn countrysde but the story holds up well enough especially with the gameplay really carrying the game on. pretty good leveling system with abilities to level up classes and troops and even your tank with new weapons, armor and special characteristic buffs. theres a fair amount amount of strategy and planning to be had when considering who to place and remove in your squad based on your next skirmish. all in all a really enjoyable game, good music, good visuals, intuitive controls (keyboard and mouse work fine even tho this is a port, and really good one at that). worth the value considering u get all previous DLCs as well!"
,Recommended,294860,13153050,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Underachiever,"First of, let me get this off my chest: this game is so much more than it seems.Under the fairly infamous anime coat is hidden story that is at times surprisingly mature,  and for those who enjoyed the X-Com series for the feeling of working with >actual< characters, this is a must-have; the game is literally stuffed with content of absolutely zero gameplay value, but that will do miracles with regard to your immersion.Much to my surprise, I soon found myself eagerly reading up on every bloody update in the personnel tab.As for the gameplay, that was even more of an surprise; the game somehow manages to make the battles both incredibly entertaining and >fun<, and yet still requires you to actually think about your tactics - you will no doubt find yourself restarting mission with different set of units entirely somewhere along the line.Which brings me to another point, the Valkyria Chronicles have a brilliant learning curve - first mission may be your typical ridiculously simple tutorial in its essence, but before you know it, you will be in charge of an entire platoon facing enemies who outnumber you greatly, and precisely at the moment you will begin to feel confident in that role, you will find suddenly be faced by a tank army with the support of a bloody armored train with mortars and whatnot.I've come to notice that whenever I become used to a certain ""set"" of units, the game changes the nature of your challenge - an aspect that I've come to love, and which I wish was implemented in the X-Com series themselves.You are continually forced to inovate - I cannot stress how great that is."
,Recommended,294860,13166713,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rocket Life,"Great turn based strategy set in a faux-1935 world war era.Interesting art direction/engine allows the game to look as though it's drawn most of the time.Decently written story with better-than-average NPC dialogue and voice acting.Well detailed encyclopedia of the game world expands as you encounter new weapons, places and characters.Tons of gameplay, rpg elements, and new game+ keep you coming back.Very thoughtful game."
,Recommended,294860,14115657,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tutty The Fruity,"If you missed out on Valkyria Chronicles on PS3, here's your chance to catch up on a treasure of a game.It's an excellent port at a great price, including all the DLC that effectively doubles the game length. My only qualm is that, with KBM, tank controls are sketchier and difficult to get used to. A gamepad is generally preferable in this case but you can definitely play with either.This is probably my favourite strategy RPG of all time. Progression through stats alone is not enough to get ahead, you have to adapt to the terrain and enemy team in every match to get ahead. Gameplay is engaging and fun, and very satisfying, though with some understandable quirks that could be corrected (but there hasn't been anything like this so they can be forgiven). Any given battle is a significant investment of time, and you end up getting a ton of mileage out of the game as a consequence. Each of the units and classes are useful in their own ways and you will use all of them healthily. It's well-balanced.The orchestrated OST is stellar, the watercolour art engine is outstanding, voice acting is professional and draws from all kinds of actors. The story is probably overwrought with war movie tropes, but the world-building surrounding Europa and the background attributed to the characters, weapons and countries are captivating. It's a product of love.Valkyria Chronicles is one of my favourite games of all time, is what I'm saying. The PC port captures everything great about it. Absolutely look into it, it's a unique game that anyone can enjoy."
76561198145568640,Recommended,294860,14348409,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,goandrewk,played same level 5 times before beating it literally with paper and pen in hand drawng 29482480248 tactics. 10/10 would draw whole map again.
,Recommended,294860,14442283,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Otoro บี,"An amazing turn base, strategic rpg shooter. Great story line that takes a bulk of the gameplay, the missions make you excited for the next one.Pros:-YOU GET A TANK, what else can you want-Amazing art work/ animations-Upgradeable weaponry-Witty unique personalities that evolve with the game play.- Funny unit movement noisesCons:-Difficulty with the tank movement-Confusing areas where you can't go over small barriers or terrain that are smaller than the sandbags-Semi confusing to look up unit stats in battle"
,Recommended,294860,13065069,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"I love this game. It brings me back to the days of final fantasy 7 and 8 and mega man legends... playstation days. Even brings me back to my MGS PW or PO fix... or even to the Pokemon days... It's great. Far as I can tell its an alt universe German invasion of France with no luftwafelles. It's even got the little occultish stuff going on. Some romance, idk, haven't really been trying to beast through the story. It's a game that makes XP farming fun, very tactical. The video shows no game play, but it's like a turn based rpg war game done in semi realistic but kid friendly anime art(even though there is people dying all over the place.) Idk, it plays like metal gear acid, just a little less complicated, and a little more kriegspeil. It's really fun, and I am compelled by the story. I'm not sure, but I feel like this game was released on PSP for some reason. It's a lot like final fantasy tactics except it's sorta simplified and complexified in different ways. Just youtube a game play. There are some annoyances. Gamepad design is weird and in menu is oversensitive, but aiming a weapon, it's literally goes the opposite damn way. No it's not an inverse, idk why they did it, it's to allow for more human error. Xcom kinda except you do a lot of the aiming. It's really great tho. Also, another thing thats really kinda annoying... Well, they have their cutscenes which are great, but they have these sub scenes that are just so annoying cause you have to press a button every line. Even when someone says ""..."" Really kinda annoying buuut I'm looking past it."
,Recommended,294860,14430482,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Avitron 5000,"A solid game. The gameplay is a strategy game with pretty simple controls, and a third-person perspective. You have a limited number of moves each turn, and each unit has a meter that runs out as they walk around. You also get one attack or action per move.The graphics have a nice anime look to them, like the textures were painted. The story is interesting, and there is some decent character development.Weapons and tanks can be upgraded, and your units can train to level up using experience gained from battles won.I like how every member of your squad has their own personality and backstory.  Each has a few unique perks too, like certain terrain they perform better in, or types of units they are stronger against - even other soldiers that they like to be around.If you like squad-based strategy games like X-Com, you'll probably like this game as well.Squad 7, move out!"
76561197972418863,Recommended,294860,14417122,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,br3tt,"I am now on the final mission of this game and it has surpassed all of my expectations. Playing this game has been a hugely enjoyable and thoroughly rewarding experience, and I already know that this will easily become one of my favourite games of all time. If you wish to know in detail why I feel this, please continue reading.The storyline, for me, is flawless. I originally expected it to be a strange retelling of World War 2, but instead I was treated to a long and gripping plot including hugely likable characters and storyline developments that I genuinely didn't see coming. At one point it even brought me to tears. Until now I had honestly felt that I had grown out of JRPGs, but this game certainly proved me wrong.Gameplay-wise, Valkyria Chronicles can be a very, very frustrating game to be honest, but frustrating in a GOOD way. Whilst it is true that character movement (and particularly tank movement) is a little clunky, I never found myself hating the game because of it. When I became frustrated it was because Valkyria Chronicles is challenging and very unforgiving. If you make a tactical mistake or stupid movement with your troops, you will be very lucky not to be punished for it and rightly so. This game makes no excuses for not holding your hand and giving you an easy ride. Similarly, it will reward you for thinking strategically and this is the beauty of the game for me. There was no lengthy tutorial detailing every single strategy available to me. You start the game with a simple mission, begin to naturally acquire a feel for the controls, and before you realise it you are thinking of ways to effectively move your troops and prioritise targets. Valkyria Chronicles masterfully hides what it is teaching you so much that you don't even realise you've progressed until you return to older missions and annihilate the enemy with euphoric ease. It's just a real pleasure to play through this game. It never makes you feel like an idiot or treats you like one, which for me is a trap that many current generation games fall into.Graphically Valkyria Chronicles looks surprisingly good for a PlayStation 3 game from 2008. SEGA have done a wonderful job of upscaling the graphics and sharpening up the user interface. I have no complaints whatsoever, and would even praise it for its use of a beautiful hand-drawn style cel shading which has aged considerably well.In conclusion, I highly and thoroughly recommend this game to anyone, and I really mean that! I am neither a strategy game fan, nor a big JRPG fan (the last JRPG I played and really enjoyed was Final Fantasy VII!), and yet this game grabbed me by the heart strings and pulled me in. It's simply a very, very good game and as a gamer I honestly wish that there were more games like this being made these days."
76561198031447499,Recommended,294860,13149446,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Root,Do not watch a walkthrough or read a guide.  Figuring out the way to win is the entirety of gameplay.  Seeing how other people did it will take that away.  Definitly visit the graveyard and the newspaper lady before spending xp and cash as you will never know when they have extra commands or stories for you.
,Recommended,294860,13156609,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Get Smoked,It's a really fun stategy game that anyone who likes the anime artstyle and storytelling can easily get behind. It has the same perma death as Fire Emblem does so it makes you care more about your squad than most other games do. I'm so happy a youtuber I watch was streaming this game or else I never would have found myself this gem.
,Recommended,294860,14830998,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Zoreth,"Valkyria Chronicles is a PS3 console-port from 2008. I can't make comparisons to the original, since I know nothing about it. The graphics are improved though, as the game supports high resolutions. You can't directly change any other graphical settings, but higher resolutions render the textures and shadow maps in better quality. You can also disable the console limit of 30 FPS to your native refresh rate for a smoother experience.Controls are working in full gamepad support, as you can expect from a console port, but keyboard/mouse functionality is limited to the game's combat phases where mouse usage gets its debut. Menu navigation is managed strictly by directional buttons. I played it through using a gamepad, because it felt more natural as in how its meant to be played. I only used mouse for a bit of aiming support. That's where mouse is vastly more accurate than a gamepad. But it's not necessary by any means. The game is paused when you take aim. You can take your sweet time fumbling with the analog sticks if that's what you prefer.The main story is cut in pieces of visual novel -like speeches, pre-rendered cutscenes (which by the way are lower resolution than the rest of the game, probably straight copies of PS3 version) and combat sequences. The story is as cheesy as any moderate anime series. It has the usual characters mental growth, bits of romance, drama and handful of twists and turns in the plot. It has the common manga clichés like a group of teenagers being in control of the world's fate and awakening to superhuman powers (kinda, if you see it that way - I try to not spoil anything). I personally love that stuff. This game is based on a fantasy world - look for reality checks elsewhere. The otaku in me noted the lack of ""fanservice"" though. That would be the only minus in my personal taste.The gameplay mechanics are a real treat to us turn-based/srpg lovers out there. Combat sequences start by positioning your units. You get a set amount of action points each turn that are shared between your units. One action point is used when you select a character to move (or two action points for a tank) and you can attack once before deselecting it. Moving itself is a blend of real-time and turn-based system. Running inside of enemies sight/range, they will fire at you. They stop firing once you stop and take aim to shoot - it works quite well. If you select the same character multiple times during one turn, they are each time more fatigued, resulting in shorter stamina bar which indicates how far you can move.You can also use your APs to issue ""orders"" that you learn with more combat experience. Orders can be things like buffs to your units stats, healing or issuing a mortar attack anywhere in the battlefield. Although there's a decent list of different ones, I found myself hardly ever using them unless I was in a worrying situation. When you end your turn, the un-used action points are transfered to the next turn as a bonus. The enemy count tend to outnumber you the more the further you get, but their AI is, frankly, bad. You can use that to your advantage when planning the battle. The bad AI didn't really bother me. Rather, it balances the odds and helps you predict their next move.Winning battles award you with money and experience. Money can be used to upgrade your tank(s) and your mercenaries equipment. Experience is used to learn new orders and increase your character classes levels. Your units don't have individual leveling. Upgrading a shocktrooper class for example levels up all of your units in that class, potentially giving them new personal ""traits"" such as chance to trigger evasion bonus when under enemy fire or a shot that never misses the target. You can freely change the units you take into the combat. The experience you gain doesn't only affect those you take with you to the fight. They all gain benefits equally. Each character has his/her own ""personality"", stats and relationships. Good relationships with another character next to you in a battle makes both of them attack simultaneously when one of them attacks along with other possible bonuses. Bad relationships naturally decrease the peformance.Before wrapping this up, I should mention about those white cloudy borders you probably notice in all of the screenshots of the game. Yeah, they seem kinda unnecessary and I don't know what it's about. It was a curiosity at first to me - why is my view obscured by odd cloudy borders? During the 3D enviroinment of battle scenes, you can sometimes see manga sketch -like black lines of the background within that stuff. Did I understand it backwards? Perhaps the colored middle section was a result of my imagination when the real game was actually monochrome pages of a manga? When you enter a smokescreen grenade, the whole screen is filled with that stuff and you only see black outlines of everything. Am I seeing something that don't exist? Hmm! ;] Whatever it may be, after short gaming I forgot about it and my eyes started to ignore the white. It's probably just how they want the game to look more dreamy with already pretty canvas-like graphics.Overall, this game exceeded my expectations. It's fairly easy game, but oddly satisfying and addictive to play. While the story might not be anything to write home about, I will remember this title by its gameplay system. I would recommend it to anyone fond of turn-based war games and anime. I give it five out of five stars. :]"
,Recommended,294860,15970443,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The Fourth God,"There are very few games I like as much as this one. It offers a genre of gameplay that I've never seen before and has story elements that I would generally consider very bad in a video game, but manages to pull it off amazingly well.Tied in first for my favorite video game."
76561198053958885,Recommended,294860,15239960,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mari0 Miguel,Nest game ever 69/420
,Recommended,294860,15084275,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zozó Prolé,"I cant actually explain how, but this game is soo exotic and it turns out to be an excelent WWII RPG xD"
76561198114792288,Recommended,294860,15845757,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Megumi,"A true WWII anime-based strategy game that influences events from that time period. Great ""rustic"" graphics to help depict the concept of the era. If you like turn-based strategies with war ""plot"", then I highly suggest buying Valkyria Chronicles without hesitation. Alicia/10"
,Recommended,294860,15787995,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Laughing Paradise,Cohesive WWII anime feel. Story has a gentle buildup that does a good job introducing you to the story and gameplay. You need to like the slow pace of Tactical RPGs. You will have to re-fight battles and understaand you opponent.
,Recommended,294860,12923068,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Barbie,"Just as glorious as I remembered! Pretty good story told through some of the best Turn Based strategy of last generation. The World War II inspired setting is really unique and gives some familiarity without hamfisting it down your throat.In terms of the port: It's just about average. You can launch into a configuration window but all it really gives you is the ability to switch between keyboard and controller, although it does give you the ability to rebind keys! Which is often overlooked on PC ports.Another problem about this port is that if you chose to use the keyboard, you'll have to use it to control menus since this has no mouse support for that. In combat you can use mouse aim and select units with the mouse but that's as much integration as it gets.Last but not least, there is no graphics menu....not that the game is worse for it since the art style is fantastic, but i was kind of excited to maybe see some AA or DSR options (which you could force through Nvidia Control Panel). It's not that big of a deal to me for a game as rich in art and atmosphere as this, but it certainly would have been an improvment.In the end I plugged in my gamepad since this was clearly designed with a controller in mind and unfortanatly Sega didnt do much to give it a PC makeover. (It seems like it would be an easy thing to patch in, so this could be an outdated problem someday.) I am enjoying Valkyria Chronicles immensely and anyone who didnt have a PS3 last gen to experience one of the best tactical RPG's Sega has to offer, I highly recommend you pick this up."
,Recommended,294860,12971319,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,13xforever,"This is one of the rarer games that can hold my attention for longer than one evening. The story is gripping, the artstyle is very much unique. Japanese voice-over is wonderful, as always. And on top of it, there's a nice strategic skirmish simulator. Nice PC port is just an icing on the cake."
76561198042747415,Recommended,294860,14372847,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheHappyDiddle,"Loved this game on ps3. Can't describe how excited i was to find out it was ported to PC. Haven't beaten it on pc yet, but so far, it is an amazingly well done port. Now I just hope they bring over the rest of the series."
,Recommended,294860,12924345,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,King Gildas VIII,Edy and Marina are best girls
76561197967845722,Recommended,294860,13946323,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Maj. Wence [2RB],"Valkyria Chronicles is a fantastic port to PC - and a very unique turn based strategy game. It has a good flowing plot that clearly knows where it wants to go, and takes you there. The Voice acting is very well done (the game also allows for subtitles to go along with the audio) And the Art style of the game is fantastic. If you like Turn based strategy with an intelligent story, and a great touch of Romance- with J/RPG elements, make sure you add this game to your library you'll enjoy it and the many hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,294860,12977581,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fnordstrum,"This is, by far, one of my favorite games. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,294860,12906809,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Umaguma,Great game and a great port
,Recommended,294860,12886319,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,a.j,"The best game for PS3 now available for PCGreat port with the basic features you will expect from a PC game, good performance with solid 60fps, support for Arbitrary Resolutions, K+M support and remappable keys, controller support with vibration and Dual audio available.If you're planning on buying this, DO IT! It's a great port of one of the greatest JRPGs in the history of the PS3."
,Recommended,294860,12907159,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Diet Water,"PC Port of a PS3 classic, it holds up well and looks gorgeous. Combat is pretty straight forward, you move your units one at a time to kill enemy units, or to capture objectives. The music is great, the voice acting for English is good, if you don't want to jump over to the Japanese voices. Story is a bit simple, it gets the job done, though.Also, the PC version comes with all of the DLC from the PS3 version.You should play this game if you like SRPGs.Edit: Forgot to mention the controls. Keyboard+Mouse works just fine, it's pretty much on par with a controller."
76561197969819334,Recommended,294860,12886496,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Braincleaner,"As good as i hoped it would be! As a huge fan of the Jagged Alliance series and X-Com I was gutted this was PS3 only, but now its here at last and its good fun so far! The port is really good, playable with a keyboard without having to dislocated fingers as well. An under rated gem!"
,Recommended,294860,12907185,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,N1NJ4,"One of my favorite JRPGs finally on PC, big thanks SEGA!This game is a mix of a great many things:+Great soundtrack.+Beautiful art direction (if you like anime or animation in general).+Engaging and rich story with elements from many sub-genres (war-drama, comedy, romance, just to name a few).+Interesting storytelling mechanic (it's like a book filled with cutscenes and visual novel bits).+Interesting mix of many sub-genres (role playing game, turn-based strategy, 3rd person action).+Also, let's not forget the quality of the port (as many games recently have failed in that department, Valkyria Chronicles is not one of them)."
76561197983040473,Recommended,294860,13099820,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Toreador,"I dont usually write reviews, but this game did blow me away.  I never played the PS3 version, but this game has an amazing story; very unforgiving tactical elements,  great animation and character progression and a longer than expected storyline.  Worth every penny, its not RTS, its tactical turn based, but you get to ""aim"" and WASD all your units, then execute. but the moves are in a turn.Well executed hybrid game play once you get the hang of some timing quirks unique to this game. If a storyline can grip you, then get ready for the feels.oh the feels."
,Recommended,294860,16559001,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BOJANGOALS,"Quality turn-based strategy.Plenty of management options for your squad and just as many approaches you can pick from during the battle.Anime art style is really nice. If you are a fan of ""Annie May"", you will also care that there is a well done japanese voice acting. You will get to hear a lot of it as the game is ""story rich"", featuring a couple of cutscenes and dialogue scenes between all combat missions.Only thing I don't like are the menus."
76561197966739386,Recommended,294860,16729182,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Erinys,"Easily the best 5€ I've ever spent. Attaching characters, riveting storyline and tense combats. I can't remember having been this much touched by a game since Homeworld. A most definitive must-have."
,Recommended,294860,33454244,Posted: 11 July,all,Curb your Dotka,"A really enjoyable anime-ish World World I themed game that actually doesn't involve panty shots and lolis. An excellent turn based action strategy game with a nice story, however a not so fluid menu/ level transition design!"
,Recommended,294860,29683096,Posted: 3 February,all,BananaPopstar,"Great game. If you're looking for a game with good gameplay and an interesting military story, look no further. Also, the anime art style looks very good.It's quite a journey."
76561198180888538,Recommended,294860,27483269,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ElderScrollsIsMySkooma,"This game has been on my favorite's list practically since I bought it.  Yes, it is alternate WWII setting, but instead of a bloody dance between super-powers, it is a small country, caught between an aggressive and yes, genocidal opponent and large, super-power type allies that don't really seem to think that this one small country is all that worth committing to.  Don't get me wrong - the battles are fantastic, and the tactics of what type of soldier to use where, when, and the micro-tactics of which individual's strengths best fit a role are fascinating, and that's the point - this game is far more about the actual people doing the fighting.Why are they fighting?Who are they?Do they also hate the race that is persecuted, but don't you be taking over my homeland...Are they horrified by this hatred, and are they helping not only to protect their homes but, like the people under Nazi Germany who sheltered Jews, are they doing it so that they can feel like human beings?Are they just patriots in neither camp?Do they come to realize that their hatred had been unfounded, and come to love an individual of that persecuted race?Are they a member of that race, and are they fighting for not just their homes but for the lives of their families and their people?Why are they hated to begin with?- One of my favorite things about this game is the fact that there are no white or black hats - you have to command soldiers who may be a pain to work with, or are terrified, or are so gung-ho that they are practically nauseating.  There are officers on both sides that I want to strangle, and others that I feel great sympathy and respect for.I nominated this game for the ""Villain Most in Need of a Hug"" award because of one of those invading commanders (two actually, but one in particular) because they is used as a tool, and thrown away when that is most convenient...  Yet they are a person, and chooses to make their final sacrifice all the more meaningful.And if the touchy-feely-emotional-connection aspect that I'm describing doesn't attract you, hey, you get to deal with tanks and fighters, train them, earn money to improve them and their gear, and play through some truly fantastic tactical puzzles.  This is a great game, and may be the finest war-game you ever play - that's for you to decide.p.s. get the DLC's - they are worth it."
76561198007807564,Recommended,294860,34391251,Posted: 21 August,all,Drunetovich,"Mix of animated visual novell and xcom style turn based combat. Slow to start, but very entertaining at later stages of the game. Tactical combat is imbalanced in a very kinky way that actually makes game more fun. World lore is sufficiently deep, and art style is very nice even if dated."
,Recommended,294860,13490415,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TDF,"Damn son, this a kawaii♥♥♥♥♥war."
,Recommended,294860,29540848,Posted: 28 January,all,Marvesco,"I really love this. The art style and canvas screen make this game look beautiful. Plus with great storyline and thoughtfull gameplay. What a great combination. One more, this game doesn't need high system to run it. Even with low system you still can run it without losing the graphics"
,Recommended,294860,14193304,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Flex Offender,Alicia OP in waifu rankings and squad status
,Recommended,294860,12909319,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Riley de la Croix,"Look, I'm gonna be as honest as possible.If you like RPG's the likes of the Tales Series and you also like guns and you also like Fire Emblem, you'll have a good time here. It's so hard to do tactical turn based stuff and guns but Valkyria does it well. The english voice acting is passable at best, but as usual english VA's butcher the ever-loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of any emotional scene or comedy relief.But at its roots its a good story about a bunch of non-veteran conscripted miltia teenagers who somehow outclass trained soldiers of a military empire. The gameplay is highly tactical and relies on the player to make quick decisions and think way ahead, but it gives newbier players the crutch of having an OP tank, so its alright for new players too.TL;DR for my morning rambling, if you like RPGs with guns and you don't get stressed out by tactical games, give it a shot. It's 20 bucks and it's a hell of a lot better than a lot of the more expensive ""next-gen"" games out there. The voice acting can be rough, but the characters are genuine and the gameplay is fun."
,Recommended,294860,16049537,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Brave Mechonis,"9.75/10Short comment on the story. Its not anything revolutionary, but it is one of the best love stories (personally) in a very long time and a nice, simple war story. It did a good job of keeping my attention and the bonus maps kept the story flowing very well and not seem abrupt (except the beach vacation one).Moving onto the gameplay, this is one of the best Tactical RPG systems I have ever seen because there is a lot of room for creativity, devising strategies, and planning. You want to get A ranks? Well there is no set way to do it. The world is your oyster here and your mind is very important, more then the levels of your units (more on that later). There are tons of possibilities with class loadouts, creative exploitation of game mechanics (smoke grenade are a good example), and orders. I did use a walkthrough for a large portion of this game, but I found myself messing up instructions or the instructions not working. So what I did is make my own improvements to their strategies and found a way to do some of these in less turns. And unlike some other games where you can get a ""god loadout"" (Fire Emblem Awakening and Bravely Default come to mind), most maps have their own unique feature that this is prevented, therefore most maps aren't too boring or repetitive. Quickly on leveling, it isn't what a match rides on. You can be lvl 20 on a map with lvl 8 enemies, but still lose your A rank easily because of bad decisions.Bad points about the game. 1) Some maps are way to stupid. Put Rosie here, use up all but two turns. Then put Alicia out and win. Another example is just putting Alicia out and only using her and getting an A rank (and I did this several times). 2) Most of the special weapons you hunt down aces for are completely worthless. The only notable weapons are the ultimate flamethrowers in the game, which are pretty much it. Otherwise there are like 8 sniper rifles that are worthless. 3) To get A ranks in most maps, it relies HEAVILY on the save/reload function.Side note: The anime is garbage. Welkin is a retard and Alicia is a typical tsundere which was painful to watch.  Valkyria Chronicles 2 is supposed to be trash. Valkyria Chronicles 3 is supposed to be decent, but Sega won't internationalize it. So Sega hit gold once and then ruined it basically. Sounds about right."
76561197973952918,Recommended,294860,13665743,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Valkyria Chronicles is a great turn-based strategy game with a hefty dose of attractive cutscenes and visual-novel style segments. It is often compared to XCOM: Enemy Unknown, even though it was released a full four years earlier; outside the similarities in the tactical game design, though, the two games are far apart in terms of visual/audio style and narrative.Valkyria Chronicles' story is actually quite outstanding, taking on tough themes such as war and racism with due thoughtfulness. The long-winded presentation, however, stands out as a distraction. Cutscenes and conversations drag on for much longer than they should, and can make the battles feel too far apart. Even so, the emotions are strong and the story adds a great sense of context to the epic battles.On the gameplay front, there are some areas for improvement. I would have preferred partially-randomized enemy positions and variety options (like XCOM's “second wave”) to improve replay value. Smarter enemy AI also would have made for a better challenge. Regardless, I love how organic the battles feel (no square tiles), and they hold up well across multiple playthroughs.Strategy fans will enjoy the tactical depth, and anime fans will enjoy the watercolor visual style and fun characters; fans of both are guaranteed to have a good time. It's good to see Valkyria Chronicles reach a larger audience on PC, and at the discounted price it's absolutely worth picking up.(Rating: 9/10 “Great”)Note: This PC version of the game includes all of the DLC."
,Recommended,294860,12906490,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Someone,You play as a  guy who talks to fish and keeps dad's tank in the barn.
,Recommended,294860,12975535,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Indigoblade,Please don't read the reviews! Buy the damn game so SEGA can release Valkyria II for Steam as well!
,Recommended,294860,13173015,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Crazy Red Dusty,This game is really fun its kinda like X-com the story is very good and gameplay is great. The charecters are also for intresting. i recomend any one who likes stratigy to buy and play
,Recommended,294860,21844773,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kampfgruppe Kaltherzig,"I would like to correct a few things. A big thank you to Firehawk for helping me see the game through the anime. If you haven't read his reviews you really should (someone give that man a job!)I love this game. However, it does have many, many flaws. Again thank you to Firehawk for helping me acknowledge what i knew but wouldn't accept.Let's get past the bad part, the gameplay. I won't go into too much detail as others (*cough* Firehawk *cough*) have done a pretty good job, but I shall summarise. Enemies that stand still and take bullets, moments where the AI is incredibly dumb, a very odd leveling system, unbalanced gameplay, some units that respond to incoming fire (scouts, shocktroopers and tanks) and some that don't (all the others) as well as several poorly planned scenarios. Oh you may need to have a certain tolearance for occasional poor dubbing and repetitive soundtracks. There that'll do. For full details see Firehawk.Now onto what sells this game, aesthetics and writing (though according to some the latter needed work). Beautifully styled anime graphics mean it is the best looking turn based strategy game one can play. Anime fans will instantly be in love with how this game LOOKS.The best part though, by far, is the setting and characters.In all my time video gaming I have never seen a game of this type that went to so much trouble, not only to create a great game, but also to craft an intricate plotline and give us great characters that we really want to keep alive. You REALLY feel like you have lost a friend and ally if a unit goes down and you are unable to get a medic to them before they die!  There are at least fifty (though there may be more i have yet to encounter) units All units divided into five classes suited to various combat roles. Each is genuinley an individual with they're own personality, strengths weaknesses and even little things like being a neat freak that can affect combat. All of this together equals a need to really think ahead, plan and use every advantage in order to complete your mission and bring all of squad seven home alive.So yes if you play this game, play it as a form of escapism, or as a person who simply enjoys anime and beautiful design. If you are a hardcore tactical and strategy fan, you will be dissapointed. I will still recommend this game for people who are strategy/tactical fans or anime fans (or if you are like me, both)."
,Recommended,294860,13239617,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"This is one of SEGA's greatest titles.  Epic battles with tanks and soldiers in an alternative history of Europe around WW2.  This game has amazing gameplay and requires actual strategy to make use of your units effectively.  One wrong step and you can say good bye to your forces and your chances of winning the scenario.  Fortunately, the game is fairly forgiving in many aspects, so survivability shouldn't be too much of an issue unless you are just constantly rushing into things.  The game has an amazing soundtrack, as well, with music very fitting to the scenes and battles.  The mix of drama, storytelling, and battles is carefully balanced and it's really nice that you can go back and watch most of the story content at any time.A tip to those who are having a hard time after chapter 4:  it's a bit tough to do, but rank up your scouts to rank 2 or 3 and do the scouts challenge in the second page of the skirmish menu (yes, there's a second page).  This will give a lot of experience points and cash for boosting your units, as well as an awesome rifle that dishes out tons of damage, despite it's short range.  Running through this scenario a few times will allow you to increase the damage factor of your scouts and engineers, increasing their effectiveness in many missions."
,Recommended,294860,14178421,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,GameStop Employee,"I recently bought this game on the deal of the week sale for 9.99, and it's pretty much as good as i expected it to be. I never knew about this game when it came out on PS3 back in 2008, the first time i saw it was when they first added to the Steam store a few months ago in Novmember 2014. I saw the art style (anime) and saw how amazing all the reviews on the store page, so i decided to look up gameplay. The first time i saw Alicia running at 1080P 60 FPS (something the PS3 version does not support) i thought it looked amazing, then i saw a few comments about this game having a great sound track, then i was sold. I would of bought it on the holiday sale, had no money. I'm such a sucker for games with good sound tracks, and this one didn't disappoint. It's pretty good to see Sega pushing out a game like this since i'm a big Sega fan. It goes on sale fairly often, don't buy it for 19.99 (even though it's definitely work 20 bucks easily) just wait till it's 9.99.- Solid story line- Great sound track- Great graphics- Great gameplay- Solid keyboard and mouse controls (kind of wish you could use the mouse on the main menu though, but space bar being confirm makes up for it though)- Comes with ALL the DLC free that was on the PS3 as far i know (pretty sure it's all of it though)"
,Recommended,294860,28175630,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Yodason,"So this is what you end up with when you go bat**** crazy with anime mods in XCOM.The difficulty is a lot more forgiving however, and the movement system is weird as hell. You get a certain number of command points each turn and use them to move units.......but you can spend as many as you want on each unit. You end up going all Rambo with a couple of units and forgetting the rest. And don't get me started on that damn ranking system.Still, it's a fun strategy game, and you get to save the not-jews from not-hitler so it's got that going for it."
,Recommended,294860,20853084,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,houjo2000,"Valkyria Chronicles is one of the hidden gems of the PS3 that everyone should play. The graphics are beautiful, the story and characters keep it entertaining, the backdrop has been used often (WW2) in games but never from this sort of rural perspective. This game involves military cadets at a small country caught between two warring powers- but while you may be used to brawny, muscle bound CoD war machines, the characters in VC aren't so war hungry. They have weaknesses, fears and personalities all their own, and it hurts if they fall in battle.The gameplay itself is both unique and fantastic, a major draw of the game. It uses a mix of turn based strategy and active movement- where you'll come under fire while moving, where cover like buildings, trenches and sandbags can really save you. You can sneak through grass- and each class has special abilities, such as scouts to spot those in grass, snipers which can't defend themselves but can take out enemies from a distance, and machinegunners which tear up close enemies as they run by on their turn.VC is what a strategy game should be- strategic, yet quick paced with every movement and position and action having meaning, and mistakes being very costly.I'll happily endorse Valkyria Chronicles as the best game of the PS3, and those who didn't have the chance on console should pick this up. (That is- unless you're waiting the HD version on PS4)"
76561198036560573,Recommended,294860,14346569,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,slime,All the horrors of real war but with waifus
,Recommended,294860,13639251,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ｐａｒｋ ｒａｎｇｅｒ,"Gas the Darcsens, Race War now."
,Recommended,294860,13075279,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sovereign Kitten,"Pros:-A Great Story (A typical Tale for a JRPG)-Amazing Artstyle (Everything is Drawn out and then shades to Sketches when someone dies)-A great port especially if you just hook up a PS3 Controller to your PC or Xbox controller.-Some pretty original Game Mechanics but nothing too impressive-Can switch between english and japanese voicesCons:-There is no option to change the Difficulty for the game as a whole. (It's a Shame)-The games AI is rather simple, they move in a typical layout unless stopped by crossfire or stopped by the computed location as to where they were programed to move to.(Meaning easy AI)This game is one of those games you just have to buy.Even if you have played it on the PS3 way back in 2008.Strategic GamersRPG GamersJRPG GamersGraphic GamersStoryline GamersCharacter Development Gamers (Emotions to each individual Character)This game appeals to a wide variety of just about everything.If you are familiar with the rather underatted games and such like the Tales of ""Series""(Symphonia, Abyss, Graces F, Xillia, Etc) developed by Namco, and other simular genres then boy are you in for a treat!If you are looking for a very challenging game strategic wise, I can't recommend this game you.You would be better off playing Civilzation V or Civilization Beyond Earth.The missions are not so hard, as they are just hours long sometimes 4-6 hours especially when you are first thrown in and are getting the feel of the pretty basic AI an with no ability to change the difficultly from Normal - Hard - Advanced. You get the idea. It's not a hard game just a long one.The storyline is a gem, that is all I will say, many tears were shed, many tables were flipped.Get this game and experience it for yourself or go back to Call of Duty, and let the real gamers play."
,Recommended,294860,13673128,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Terra,"Good remake of Track and Field for the NES. Not sure why they set it in a warzone, but coaching your runner as they haul♥♥♥♥♥around tanks and Eastern-Europeans is great."
,Recommended,294860,30872893,Posted: 1 April,all,Fate/Restart,"Its an amazing game.Good visuals, Soundtracks and story .Definetly worth buying."
76561198153624717,Recommended,294860,12888074,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zeon08,Best PS3 game(and I mean it) is now on PC!!!
76561198038832043,Recommended,294860,12908767,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bossu,"Ayy Yo dis sum gud sh!t.+ Guns+ Waifus+ Husbandos+ A$$- Flat Chests+ Flat Chests- Filthy Darcsens- Ayy yoo what the fug? that's racist nyagguh- shameful- disgraceful+ IsaraAll in all, Real talk, naggreo,It's Good."
,Recommended,294860,12908132,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Revy,Fantastic gameFantastic anime
,Recommended,294860,12923804,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rohkmer,"Great game, Great Story, Great Gameplay, Great Port.'Nuff Said"
,Recommended,294860,12926065,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tsugan,Basically anime-XCOM.
76561198004035212,Recommended,294860,12920589,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,luxv66,"This is an excellent game, one of the best formerly PS3 exclusives of that generation. The PC port is very good, allowing uncapped FPS and 1080p and very smooth from what I have played so far.The PC graphic options are limited to framrate and resolution but the unique art style still looks great.This is a mid-length tactical JRPG that can be quite difficult later in the game but never unfair.It's a must-have if you're a JRPG fan and even if you played it on the PS3, it's still worth picking up on the PC since all of the DLC is included."
76561198030601762,Recommended,294860,12918867,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kodex Watson,"This is a Wonderful PC port of a game I've already poured hours into but wanted to do it again, control scheme is wonderful, and in my opinion Valhalla Chronicles has some of the best character development and backstories ever.  There are many cutscenes which may become tedious for some players who like to jump into only the action but I prefer to know at least who I'm fighting with and what I'm fighting for.  My only dislike is the fact that the AI in the game won't really ever outsmart you, but you could be overrun by troops that are far too out of your league, and that feels to me like a ""bad loss"" where a good loss is when you lost because of a failure to be as strategic as possible with your actions and a bad loss is one where you could replay the mission as many times as you wanted and still die, even then, the challenge missions (which I'm probably not supposed to do until a higher level because they clearly outclass me) can be won with decent strategies and some guile.  I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes a good, fun, story-based game, or who likes strategy games with a slightly easier learning curve to them."
,Recommended,294860,12925813,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Vola,Some of the most fun I've had gaming in years.  I haven't had any problems with this PC port either!
,Recommended,294860,12927428,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DisasterMonk,"A great little game excellently ported over to PC. The graphics and animations are top notch, and while the music gets repetitive after a while it is still high quality. I only had one issue with crashing that was fixed by disabling the seam overlay. Highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys turn based tactic games (think xcom)."
,Recommended,294860,12928169,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Birdgang,"Phew! What a game! Wow! Amazing!Seriously, this is one of the best gaming experiences I've had in a long time. First off, it's a great port. Customize controls, muck with graphics settings, and easily use a mouse and keyboard if you wish. Well, sometimes driving the tank isn't the easiest with the mouse, but it's a pretty minor concern. Not only is the port well done, but the game itself is fantastic. It's like if Studio Ghibli made a movie about World War Two, and gave you interactive control over all the little battles in which our plucky protagonists participate. Think X-COM with an order pool.  I'm only about 5 chapters in, but the difficulty has been a nice gradual slope, and the system is complex enough that you can play around a little. Add in relationships between squadmembers, a nice little R&D and unit training system, and a boatload of solid voice work and you've got a recipie for awesome.My ONLY real issue is the occasionally uneven pacing. Sometimes the jumps between discussions of minority rights and the horrors of war to lighthearted anime antics and squad-level hijinks can be a bit jarring. Of course, this could be seen as an result of the style and influences.Anyone who likes anime, military history, or squad-level tactics should give this game a really solid look."
76561198019178656,Recommended,294860,12918264,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Adintory,Tank flipping simulator 2014. Can't figure out how to make my tank not just flip around in circles while just driving with a controller or keyboard. Great game otherwise though. 10/10 if the tanks drove correctly.
,Recommended,294860,12918777,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,segaismysavior,"This port of the 2008 PS3-exclusive is the best gaming release of 2014. I can only hope this franchise awakens on PC, so SEGA can finally reach the audience it was meant for."
,Recommended,294860,12919591,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[D.<3.D.] Daywid Fox,Spend 3 turns trying to blow up a tank with just grenade on the last i did kill the tank but the explosion killed me12/10
,Recommended,294860,12919932,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dreicenfel,I was brought bread by Armin and a woman gave birth in my tank.20/10
,Recommended,294860,12920506,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ThatFreakingCat,"Game runs like a dream. Amazing port.If you've never owned a PS3, get this game. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,294860,12920606,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,zyvod,"One of the most under-rated RPGs ever made, ported from the PS3 to the PC. The release is a little bare bones, but plays well and has no major issues. If you like tactical games or JRPGs, you owe it to yourself to play this game.With any luck, Sega will port the rest of the series as well!"
,Recommended,294860,12920777,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,❥ Fl-GG | Flower,"As far as opinions go, there are a lot of things that I like about Valkyria Chronicles:I love the loosely European WWII-esque setting of the game.I'm all over this game's art style! The cell shaded graphics are beautiful.The gameplay is astoundingly fun for a turn based strategy game. (The style of gameplay gives new life to the type of game somebody would think of if they heard the tags used to describe this game ""Strategy, JRPG, Turn-Based"")The transition from the original PS3 exclusive title from 2008 seems phenominal, graphics settings allow for higher resolutions and effects like shading scale accordingly. The game is said to run fantastically on modest hardware, and for me the loading screens are less than seconds long. There is also the option to switch out the English voices out with the original Japanese voices if listening to English VA's trying to fit a Japanese game is too much for you to bear. Other than some people being dissatisfied with the menu's lack of mouse support, the port offers excellent keyboard and mouse controls.The cons of the port are as followed:1) Cutscenes are bottlenecked at the 720p regardless of graphics settings2)The Menu does not have mouse supportLet it be known that I dont find the latter of the problems too particularly terrible. The way the menu was designed, using WASD to navigate is no difficult task and 'left click' still works as a selection key so there is little need to move your hands around switching from mouse to the enter key. As for the first problem, it too, is nothing particularly troubling; however it does dissapoint me that the cinematics are less than up to par with the remarkability than the other parts of the game.At a modest price of $19.99 the game comes with all of it's DLC included, an incredible deal for anyone interested in this game."
76561198041752171,Recommended,294860,12923779,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mr.Pedrovsky,"If you love the Anime art style and love a challenging strategy game, then you owe it to yourself to pick this one up"
,Recommended,294860,12923964,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Squids have curves,One of the few games that made the purchase of a PS3 worth it is finally here!Why are you reading this? Go buy/play this game already!
76561198053680450,Recommended,294860,12929018,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,feelsbadman,"Highly recommended for people who enjoy story-intensive jRPGs.  Gameplay is pretty challenging, definitely not a rush-in type game."
,Recommended,294860,12921164,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Likaru,One of my favorite games.  The only bad thing I can point out it is very story driven and if you dislike reading then this is not for you.
76561197976567762,Recommended,294860,12923216,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Klein's Ghost,"Spectacular. Perhaps one of the PS3 most forgotten gems, especially in light of the sequels being released on PSP.In a nutshell, Band of Brothers as an anime-like game. Except better than you might think."
76561197994251256,Recommended,294860,12928556,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,simon.marks,"Here is my first comment, while the combat and game elements are excellent I would class this as a Visual Novel. I've spent as much, if not more time, simply watching the characters interact than I have playing the combat. If you don't like cutscenes or heavy narrative elements then I would avoid it.However, the narrative is incredibly well realised and absorbing. It's rich and touches on elements not normally found in games. The parrallels are easy to see, but unlike a more historically accurate setting the alternate earth allows for enough freedom that the story goes in unexpected directions. You can know what happened in WWII, but you can only guess what will happen in the game.The mix of realtime and turn based combat is excellent, and I'm very disappointed that it didn't become a 'thing' as I'd like to play it in other games (Xcom, I'm looking at you).Don't expect fast paced action all the time - but the action it has is excellent."
76561198014441104,Recommended,294860,12932108,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Vinner210210,"Loved this game on the PS3 so I rebought just to have in my library and support SEGA's porting of awesome games to PC.  Didn't really intend to play, but that being said I've already pumped about 12 hours into this game in a matter of a few days.This game has a nice anime-artistic feeling to it with its cell-shading animation; the cutscenes aren't all that great since like everyone says, they are the original 720p port from the PS3, however, gameplay is smooth at my setting of 1080p 60fps.As far as gameplay is concerned, if you are a fan of turn-based strategy/war games, this is a must have game.  The first ever strategy game that I loved was Final Fantasy Tactics, and to me, I'd say this gameplay is on par with that.  Though the mission rating system is somewhat bogus, and theoretically you'd have to Scout rush to get the highest rating.  However, beating missions on first playthrough without caring about rating gives a feeling of great satisfaction.The story is heartfelt and warm; some parts may seem childish or stereotypically anime-like, but the themes and character develepment kept me entrenched the first time I played this game years ago and even now as I replay it.  That being said, I do hope publishers realize the potential of eventually porting more ""exclusive"" games to PC."
76561198055536886,Recommended,294860,12947570,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SinStark,"Let's start from the beginning. It is a wonderful game to play. Going in a World War 2 type setting. I for one love a game like this. From the combat setting to the difficulty, it is easy to understand yet still difficult. Overall, I just bought the game outright and love it."
76561198009629929,Recommended,294860,12948938,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SwagMeisterB,10/10 just for the intro alone.
,Recommended,294860,12933619,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,aj1335,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥tank controls."
76561198031177186,Recommended,294860,12939243,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cutlass Jack,"An extremely well done port of one of my favorite games of all time. An incredible moving story with memorable characters and fun, strategic gameplay. Even the voice talent and soundtrack are top notch. It also stands the test of time very well. The port supports modern resolutions quite well and mouse support makes the game more enjoyable to me than the console version. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,294860,12943499,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Stooo,"A great Japanese tactical turn based game. I remember playing this on my PS3 and was the main game I missed after selling it. It's also a surprisingly solid port, looks great and runs great and at a bargain price.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,294860,12923203,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Trehek,One of the best games ever released on the PS3.
,Recommended,294860,12923357,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Trotmeister,Best Strategy RPG to come out of Japan in at least a decade.
76561198072358077,Recommended,294860,12927632,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Akkarinn,"A very hidden gem of a game based on a very hidden gem of a anime series, I never played the original of this game on PS3 but was always a fan of the show its based on, I preordered this as soon as I saw it hit Steam, and boy am I glad I did!.If your a fan of turn based games with a amazing story, a game with alot of charm, and you really becoming emotionally attached to each member of your team like a worried parent! buy this game as you wont regret it."
76561198008500690,Recommended,294860,12969334,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,vbamcharlie,Beautiful game.  Translating the controls to the PC works pretty good; if you like alt-history and/or tanks and/or Japanese style games you'll want this. :)
76561198034153283,Recommended,294860,12948013,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,megurai7,"Awesome Game, where do I begin? Is it a WW2 Game? Somewhat.. Is it JRPG? Perhaps.. Sci - Fi? Abit of that as well. What is incredible about this game is that it somehow blends all of the above elements into a fantastic movie anime game.  Smooth flowing graphics and music as well as in depth character build ups. It is a worth while investment.Its also not as simple as it looks. Much strategy is required in order to play this well. Re started a few times just to get it right. Choose the right team and you might just do well..Recommened. Looking forward to part 2."
,Recommended,294860,12909086,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,embrace your doughnut,"The lore is solid, and the story starts off with plenty characterization for the main characters. Top it off with gameplay mechanics worthy of a turn-based strategy and you have a promising game that's probably priced too low for its own good.As a port, it is incredibly well-optimized and should play well for most systems. Seriously, just get this game and play it in your free time. If you're a fan of turn-based strategy, then this game gives no room for you to dislike it."
76561198042513779,Recommended,294860,12891856,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,sdude9999,RIP - windmill
76561198001109835,Recommended,294860,12915464,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Graysen,The absolute gem of the PS3 library. This game was a refreshing take on the RTS formula and includes an entrancing story with likeable characters. Excellent PC port and a heartily recommended purchase at it's full price.
,Recommended,294860,12914849,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PorcoBrosso,"I highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of strategy games like Shining Force, Advance Wars, or Firaxis' XCOM."
76561198004536413,Recommended,294860,12917005,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TCP/UDP,"Wonderful game with a wonderful story line. Even if you have the PS3 version of this classic, re-purchasing this game is still worth it. At a higher resolution support and higher frame rate than the PS3 version, the PC version will allow you to relive this game in a more visualy smooth way. If you have played this game yet, you definetly need to put this on your list!"
,Recommended,294860,12910778,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,カフェイン,SEGA FOUND A WAY
76561198061908735,Recommended,294860,12912902,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hypetrain,Valkyria Chronicles for the pc is a labor of love. It was an outstanding game on the PS3 and you can really tell that the developers went the extra mile to ensure it's seamless transition to PC. This game is a must buy for any fan of real time strategy or heavily story based games. I highly recomend Valkyria Chronicles to everyone. This forgotten masterpiece is worth playing at least once.
,Recommended,294860,12916094,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JimmyBlaze^,I was pumped when I heard this game was coming to steam. It really is one of the best turn based strat games off all time. Easy to control and rewarding. Anyone on the fence with turn based games should give it a try.
,Recommended,294860,12889523,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chompey,Buy it.
,Recommended,294860,12908130,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Maroxad,"Excellent artstyle, refreshing setting, superb pacing, all dlc included, fun mechanics.Need I say more?"
76561198009709978,Recommended,294860,12917383,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Greegrom,"I first played this game on PS3 and loved it then.  It's a little different using the mouse and keyboard to control movement and selections instead of a gamepad, but by eliminating load times it becomes an even more enjoyable experience."
76561198006591585,Recommended,294860,12907808,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chief Zuma,"I originally missed out on Valkyria Chronicles in 2008 when it came out on PS3 so I was quite eager to finally play it.The game is basically a turn-based strategy game but with a real-time move and combat system. I know, that's kind of confusing, but trust me, it's a good thing. You end up getting put in charge of a largish squad of people who each have a unique personality and set of traits, which makes things interesting as each of them can die and be lost forever.Really, it's a hard game to properly describe, but trust me, as someone who has had many regretable impulse buys, this is actually worth the money."
,Recommended,294860,12910064,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,KaiserEllis,"I bought this game originally on PS3, it was great then and it's great now. I was initially worried that it would require a controller to play but the keyboard and mouse controls are great, though you are locked to WASD in the menus.This is an awesome port, being able to play one of my favourites at 1080p and 60FPS was worth the cost.Square Enix, take note; this is how a good port is done."
,Recommended,294860,12911015,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Serialies,"10/10EDIT: After playing the game from the while its clear that the translation takes quite a few liberties overall plot is the same, but it does change the tone of a few interactions and scenes. (comparing english subtitles to Japanese voice over)9/10"
76561197965381263,Recommended,294860,12908110,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,House[SG],"Usually i dont write reviews about games, but for this i will make an exception. I owned this on the PS3 and spent countless hours honing my squad's abilities, leveling, upgrading and buying powerful/accurate weapons. Not the mention the time spent on tuning up your tank which i made it pretty much indestructable. I havent come across another game which is a  tactical/3rd person, turn based, strategy hybrid.This game take place in an alternate universe across Europe in the middle of a ""resource-grabbing"" war and you play as a commander conrolling various characters, from war torn vets to fresh young recuits, each have their own biography and history.Throughout the game, the player commands each unit from a top to bottom view and perform actions (in a third person view) for a limited amount action points which is represented by a bar at the bottom of the screen.Squad members have their own unique personlities and most importantly ""potentials"" which enhance or cripple them during battle. To unlock potentials, the player have to level them using the rewards gained from completing missions.2 ""potential"" examples are:1) Your scout maybe overwhelmed by a volley of fire from huge numbers of enemy soldiers in line of sight, should the scout possess the ability to be extra hardy when facing alot of enemies, the scout may reduce all damage taken, making him/her unstoppable2) Using the same scenario above, should your scout possess the weakness of being scared when facing alot of enemies, he/she may perish way faster than you can facepalm.One can, move, shoot, activate various switches and climb/desecend for tactical advantages to accomplish the mission objectives.There are many types of mission objectives, capture the flag, rendezvous/escaping to an area, taking out certain targets and many more which keeps the game fresh. That being said, the game has a minor flaw in this area: your ranking and its reward gained is based on how FAST you finish the mission itself.Once a mission is completed, you earn rewards, sometimes in form of a currency to upgrade/level your squad, or purchase upgrades for your tank(s) and some missions reward specific weapons that are really imba.When the player completes the whole game, its be over yet as there is replay value from redoing missions to get more rewards, or even the DLCs  for the hardcore enthusiasts which will pit them to their limits.***I feel the DLCs are hard.Summarised pros:=============-Great port, updated res, >60 FPS, (30FPS on the PS3)-Superb graphics and soundtrack-English/Japanese voice acting for ""anime-feel""-Great story and character development-Unique and memorable squad members-Long hours and replay value-Unique gameplay, mechanics-Keyboard/mouse/gamepad ready-CHEAPSummarised cons:=============-DLC may prove hard to some.-No multiplayer (PS3 never had one either)All i can say is, for a game this cheap, anyone/everyone might want to just give it a shot. One of the best game ever made.9.0 / 10"
76561198055111266,Recommended,294860,12912879,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,doctorblurg,"Great port in the sea of horrible ports of Japanese ports to PC. Runs absolutely great, have a few weird character model glitches where some stuff is floating in mid-air. This and the in-combat audio is a little muted but going in and changing the audio options around fixed that real quick.With this gosh dang good port that can run and look great, along with all the DLC. This game is a must have for someone who enjoys XCOM or other strategy titles as it has got a unique set up unlike any other strategy game I've ever played. That and if you have a need for anime girls with guns this is it."
76561198017681447,Recommended,294860,20686143,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"An amazing mix of Japanese anime and European war story, with squad based tactical RPG thrown in for good measure. This was the only game on the PS3 I played through several times and loved every second of it, when I saw it on PC I just had to get it and have been trying to unlock every mission with an A rating (still in progress). But to recap if you enjoy a squad based tactical RPG with anime elements and a cheesy war story you won’t lose out with this purchase. The only negative I would have to say are the occasional glitches on the pc version that I never came across on the console, so save often to avoid disappointments on certain levels, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,294860,18301067,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,IdealTheif,"This is the kind of game, you want to give your time.  This is the game you break out the pen and paper to plan for the next combat.  This is THE game to play"
,Recommended,294860,21554291,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Luc!us,"Its like Fire Emblem, but set in WWII, with guns, Jews are replaced with Native Americans, amazing story, feels, graphics that age like a fine wine, unique gameplay, more-than-memorable characters, and hot Nazi waifus to say the least.20/10"
76561198313319046,Recommended,294860,24007301,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cenfa,Great game. Tank controls made me want to jump out a window though.
,Recommended,294860,12891174,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[-AA-] MidnightFlow,Loved it on my Playstation... Loving it on my PC.Long time since i've played this.But Valkyria Chronicles is and will always be a Masterpiece of its own.If you played and liked the Console Version you should get this.But also if you're new in this World it's really worth a try!The Story is awesome and you can feel inside it sometimes..^^Valkyria Chronicles stands here and is shiny like never before!
,Recommended,294860,12888711,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,YoHolo,"Ive played the hell out of this game and beat it like a lot of other people have on the ps3. Ive also played and beat VC2 and am currently in the middle of VC3 and I have to say you will not go wrong with this game or its sequels, in terms of graphics (well the graphics for the second and third game are watered down versions of the first one, but aren't necessarily bad), story, gameplay and even the soundtrack. This is a spectacular port for an amazing game that deserved a lot more attention than it was given. If you ever come across this game do not hesitate to buy it. I guess my only gripe with the PC port is that its aspect ratio is locked at 16:9 and there's no FOV option (at least not until someone succesfully hacks it) so I can't make use of my multi-monitor setup with this, but at least you can scale upto and past 4K on here and play the game in glorious 60fps."
,Recommended,294860,12889003,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,"I'm Nuclear, I'm Wild",Here's to hoping that we'll see Kurt Irving and The Nameless in action.
76561198021548639,Recommended,294860,12890114,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,sloo,"Awesome game! There are not too many PC game with such beautifull voice acting (in Japanese). If you like a good story with thoughtful gameplay akin to xcom:EW but with more charm, this is it. :)  SEGA did an awesome port."
76561198057017887,Recommended,294860,12890782,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Classy,"Seen the anime and really enjoyed that. Game play is really smooth and the graphic style is good in my opinion. Its fun to play and I like the character depth, and action in this game."
76561197970523219,Recommended,294860,12891005,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KoolZoid,"Every second you spend reading this is a second you could have spent playing Valkyria Chronicles.  Keep that in mind.It's day one of the release of this PC version, so a review might seem premature, but I played the PS3 version extensively and this seems exceedingly faithful to it.From a technical point of view, the engine seems to have come across flawlessly, and the full range of resolutions available would at least indicate that it hasn't been a lazy port by any means.  Surround sound works well, M+K controls are well-implemented alongside the direct controller support, and the entire experience is smooth - as a port, I doubt we could ask for anything better.The game itself is a predominently turn-based squad tactical game, although that severely undersells the charm and quality of the gaming experience it provides.  You're given a pool of 'command points' each turn with which to issue orders to your squad from an overhead tactical map.  View then shifts to the unit in question, and you proceed to control them in semi-realtime action, moving them and performing such actions as they are capable of on their turn (such as shooting, throwing grenades, healing, etc).  That unit's turn ends when they run out of 'action points' or when you choose to end it early, and view switches back to the overhead map screen where you can use your next Command Point.  This continues until your Command Points are used up and the enemy gets a turn.  This continues until victory or loss conditions are met.  It sounds simple, but like many tactical games there's a lot of depth available to you that you'll only appreciate by playing it.Bracketing the combats are many well-presented story segments done in the game's signature watercolour style which are a joy to behold, as well as the opportunity to construct, expand, and advance your squad.  You also get to delve into the backstory of several of your squad members as they can get their own little sub-missions.If you've gotten this far, you've probably spent 2 minutes now reading this instead of playing the game.  Shame on you!  This deserves to be a huge success on the PC, hopefully breaking free of the somewhat cult status it holds on the PS3.  Buy it now - Galia needs you!"
76561198002931285,Recommended,294860,12891240,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Random,9/10Great game and good port!!Bad:Couple of CTDs.  No warning or indication just straight to desktop. (damn lack of autosave)
,Recommended,294860,12891334,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bob vila,"it's a really really good strategy gamethe port itself is also pretty solid for what japanese ports usually are; the menus are keyboard only but the game itself in battles and whatnot can be controlled with the mouse (and well too, not like ♥♥♥♥in dark souls 1's mouse controls), resolution and fps isnt lockedyou should buy it so that more japanese games get on steam B^)"
76561198038482457,Recommended,294860,12892138,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Minst_Meat,A great game itself but also now a greater port. This game runs well and looks great due to its insteresting artstyle and mechanics. Controls are a little weird at first but after a  couple minutes you get used to it.  If you like the anime or like turn based startegy this is probably for you.
,Recommended,294860,12895368,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Samwise Gamgee,"Great game, Great port, My only complaint is the cutscene quality is locked.Apart from that 9/10"
,Recommended,294860,12895736,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Juni,"An excellent port. Great options for video and input settings. Game runs super smooth with no hiccups. Definitely one of my favorite games from the PS3. Very strategic gameplay, interesting story, absolutely gorgeous visuals, and stellar sound design. I urge anyone to pick this up. Show Sega we need more great games like this on PC."
76561198071302898,Recommended,294860,12895907,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sizzlore,its what a port should be!!!!!!!
,Recommended,294860,12895983,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cool Guy Caleb,This game is a must buy! Great story and awseome gameplay!
76561197981532392,Recommended,294860,12907181,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SmoothBorePenor,"THANK YOU SEGA for the announcement of a PC port within weeks of its release, if only others followed through and were so straight forward and on time about their releases.  VC's™ :D console roots are apparent from""press start"" to it's relatively awkward  keyboard nav controls (default, can be changed) the usual fare, but unlike some ports you won't find left over ps3 control schemes here or menus  you can't quit out of. There's a Fairly rudimentary pre launch pc settings menu, which isn't a take away from the game its self but rather something welcome for ports, especially for a game released 6 years ago. RTS, RPG, Third person shooter? Inside out , upside down? whats your pleasure?"
76561198045198356,Recommended,294860,12907306,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Marco Polio,"Great game, would recommend to anyone who likes strategy games, or jrpgs."
76561198026695905,Recommended,294860,12907446,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nerivant,"Excellent game, the combat is fun and unique. Only one, MASSIVE, issue, game crashed randomly and there is ZERO autosaving, so if you dont remember to save every 5 minutes, you lose all your data. Was about 4 hours in, crashed, now i have to replay everything including the long tutorial missions to get back to where i am. Game itself is great, just heads up about saving."
76561197977343933,Recommended,294860,13023903,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,idBeren,"I picked this one up based on Steam's recommendation and am very glad I did. As someone who never had a PS3, I never had the opportunity to play this magnificent game until now. The artwork style is very crisp, the gameplay is engaging and creative, and the storyline, though somewhat cliche, is delightful. Here's hoping that Sega ports the other games in the series to PC!"
76561198037001643,Recommended,294860,13091177,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ChordataXVII,"I don't know whether to hate or love this game.First and foremost this is not an RPG.  There is no roleplaying in here.  You follow the story of a man named Welkin, but you don't make any decisions on his behalf outside of combat orders and equipment decisions.  It's a movie, and the interactive elements are the equivilent of playing magic the gathering.  I don't know why it's labled as an RPG, it's a turn based tactics game.As a turn based tactics game it's great!  There are a few units that have their own strengths and weaknesses that balance out pretty nicely, and the game hands you a variaty of combat situations to use them in.  Over time you upgrade weapons and armor and it shows in game.  The controls (On my gamepad anyway) are really smooth and easy to use, even going far enough to assign buttons to walk slowly, which is a godsend in minefields.  Not to mention the asthetics are georgeous.The story is terrible though.  Your enemies are an emporer who is evil and has all his men wear black.  All of your units let you see their faces, while the opponents all wear big face conceiling helmets to help dehumanize them.  For god's sake, your unit's uniforms are red, white, and blue.  The conflict is essentially that there is a shortage of a substance to the empire attacks everyone.  By the end of the game there is peace, but the underlying problem of ragnite shortage is completely forgotton, despite having less of it after the war effort.  Not to mention the characters.  I hate them I HATE ALL of them.  Every single one is that one really irritating character in a show that doesn't speak like a human being and acts really naieve about the world's problems.  In the end the game just announces ""You win all the battles, world is happy now."" It's simple, irritating, and cheap.Overall though, as tactical squab based combat goes, this one was amazing."
76561197967562805,Recommended,294860,12906911,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dannerz,-Great Game-Great Port-Great mouse and keyboard support (although I would love to have mouse available in menu)10/10SteamOS/Linux version in future?... A man can dream.SEGA Keep it up!
76561198036382774,Recommended,294860,12976717,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Seisan9,"A fun and challenging strategy-RPG. Some questionable design choices in regards to UI and troop movement, but a great overall experience."
76561198027667796,Recommended,294860,12976812,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rushifell,"The controls are not very good, especially for the tanks. This comes with all of the DLC that was available for the PS3 game too which is a very nice bonus. The game is natively 720p and changing the setting to 1920x1080 just makes some things blurry or grainy, it does not actually scale anything up.As for the game itself, I played it on PS3 and bought it here immediately when I saw it. It is an excellent game, if you dont skip through every scene and actually watch them it has a well written storyline and good character development for the main characters. There are some good plot twists and the story does well to convey several of the realities of war without being particularly graphic or making light of serious situations.There are also tons of little additional bits of information that come along as you play through the game and a lot of nice minute details.If you like a turn based strategy game this is a good one, you dive into each unit and control it directly in a third person shooter type mode to take the turn. Every unit has a little personality which is driven by their voicing and abilities and weaknesses which change as the characters develop or through mission content. Non essential units can die permanently, so you are encouraged to respect their lives and work to minimize any losses as much as possible. Units level up as a class, not individually, so losing one of your more used units does not cost you everything they have learned or leveled. If a unit goes down you have a chance to rescue them before they die as well, so sometimes the risk can pay off.I enjoy this game and have played through it several times, if you are looking for a story driven action strategy game, give it a shot."
76561197987810329,Recommended,294860,12888816,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,brandongmccartney,"I've always wanted to play this game.  Now that I have it, I'm glad I downloaded it.  Nice graphics, fun gameplay, unique battle system, turn based but with more control.  i like.I just hope I can get more than sixty hours out of it......"
76561197990231600,Recommended,294860,12890678,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nermir,"One of the best strategy rpg games with turn based 3th person shooter game plays, story is so good."
,Recommended,294860,12891491,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Styleshift,"What a great early birthday present. Thank you Sega.*Don't read any reviews. If you like terrific story telling and strategy rpgs...(Fire Emblem, FF Tactics, etc.) .please buy this game!Don't let the anime inspired look fool you. Even if your not into anime, trust me you need this one in your collection! =D10/10."
,Recommended,294860,12906486,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Graeves,"8 hours straight on record and must I say. This game is really fun and will draw you end. voice acting was a little patchy but basically no other flaws IMO. I am a die hard fan of the fire emblem series and this game gives me the same feels as the fire emblem games gave me when I was 12. Being a pc/3ds player and not knowing this exsisted made me a little sad inside, but all of that was taken back after I played."
,Recommended,294860,12906843,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cani Terrae,"Perfectly ported JRPG that features turn-based combat with real-time mechanics, very fun!It's fully compatible with the XBOX 360/Xinput control scheme!Great voice acting, and tactical WWII style combat, with tanks...I don't know what to say to sum up this game.  I've never played it before the PC port, but at 11 hours in, it's quite deep and enjoyable in the content it offers and in the attempt to provide an ambient universe, with characters that move you to feel emotion when they're in danger!I recommend this game, wholeheartedly.  It's a breath of fresh air in the stale RPG market!"
,Recommended,294860,13464398,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Em,"This game is one of the most recommended games on the PS3 for good reason. It was also the very first thing I bought for my own PS3 a few years ago...It had its claws in me for a good while, over more than two complete playthroughs — and I'm not usually into strategy/tactical gameplay being in my JRPGs, nor into war-themed settings in general.Why's it worth your time?- Gorgeous canvas/cel-shaded art style and an interesting, fantasy WWII-like setting- Likable and memorable characters- A decent, sometimes moving story- Some great music composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto (of ""Final Fantasy Tactics"" and ""Final Fantasy XII"" fame)- Fun, rewarding, and often times addictive tactical combat that isn't hard to get into but has a lot for veteran tactical players to sink their teeth into, with options for skirmishes outside of just the main campaign- Many, many units to choose from, making your group makeup, weapon loadout, and strategies all very customizable- A great New Game+ option with good reasons to replay the game besides just the basic ""playing again with all your old stuff""The PC port appears to be pretty damn good as well, supporting both keyboard/mouse and controllers, and having a decent amount of graphical and framerate options to choose from. It also comes bundled with ALL the DLC. Just don't... knock the FPS up too high; the game's physics engine was clearly coded for 30 FPS and has some strange things (like interception damage taken and tank movement) tied directly to the framerate."
,Recommended,294860,12889076,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fadekyun,Valkyria Chronicles : Definitive Edition
,Recommended,294860,12890268,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BeLe,"One of the best strategy RPGs I've played last gen. Glad to see that Sega at least made an effort with this one. A straight up port would have served me fine but the minor added features are most welcome (widescreen support, refresh rate matching,  japanese audio, and etc). An excellent port for an excellent game. Here's to hoping they bring over the rest of the series.I can't recommend this enough. It's a must buy."
,Recommended,294860,12891070,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Super Watt,"It's good game, a good port, at good price. I recommend an immedeate purchase."
,Recommended,294860,12891496,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fizgig,"This so far is a great port. It can run at pretty much anything.  The game does work better with a controller, the mouse and keyboard work but it's a little clunky. You can get used to it though after a little while.  If you owned it on PS3, it's the same but it will look much better. If you have never played it then you def should."
76561197998635188,Recommended,294860,12891603,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bosko,"(I've only done the easy instructional battle) so Initial thoughts : if you are a fan of JRPG buy it , if you are of a fan of anime story arcs, get it. havent worked out the basic game play fully yet, i like a challenge , btw which is the _ button that looks like [ one of these on its side.so far mouse button works in its place,looking forward to ignoring the world and playing this. :)"
,Recommended,294860,12892325,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Samplish,Very nice!   One of the few decent anime games which exist on Steam and a very competent port at that!   Fun gameplay which progressively gets more challenging on the game goes on!   Interesting characters that make you reload saves when they die.10/10 for filling a niche much needed
,Recommended,294860,12906688,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,pharynx,"i played this on the PS3 and got fairly far, but as a PC gamer at heart, i never got around to beating it.this is a quite good port, and a very high quality, underrated turn based strategy, 3rd person shooter, RPG.if you only have 20 bucks to spend and like RPG's, get this game."
,Recommended,294860,12906779,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[:D] bac0n & 3ggs,Probably one of the most underrated games out there. It is a wonderful masterpiece that feels like an old Final Fantasy game turned into a WWII third person shooter.
76561198005577750,Recommended,294860,12906802,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Venicilia,"Absolutely amazing.I have been waiting to get a PS3 so I could play this game and its sequels (along with a few more PS3 exclusives like Dangan Ronpa).But now that it finally has a PC port, I don't have to wait till then to start enjoying the game one of my favourite anime series is based on. If you want to get an idea of what the story is like, just watch a couple of episodes, or the whole thing (but spoilers are are obviously a concern if you wacth the whole anime.)The controls aren't hard to get used to, even if you aren't using a console controller or gamepad, it runs really smooth, cut scenes are beautiful and the voice acting is superb (Japanese voices, haven't tried English and likely never will). The whole idea of a RTS/TPS is something I had been wanting since I was a kid, and this game turns a great idea into a masterpiece. It is seriously worth buying, and if you aren't too sure, just watch some gameplay on a random YouTube channel (not a review video) to get a feel for what its like.As of yet, any drawbacks of the port that most people spoke of, if they did speak of drawbacks, I didn't really notice or mind at all.Still will be getting a PS3 eventually so I can play the sequels and other JRPG PS3 exclusives."
76561198012972912,Recommended,294860,12907182,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,'tis-BS,OMG luv this game a lot... cuz its sooo cute + 3D anime cartoonist style with rpg + tbs theme.... and also the voice acting !! soooo coool !! xDps. everything works great so far... with controller and graphic ! xDps2. touched ! luvly story line !
,Recommended,294860,12908349,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,josh,One of my favorite games on ps3. more then happy to buy this on PC and hopfully the sequel will come aswell.
,Recommended,294860,12978071,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tashigi,"Wonderful port.Plays smoothly at 60 FPS under 1440P resolution, too.Great story and soundtrack.If you enjoyed Final Fantasy Tactics, this is what you should be playing now.Strongly recommend to play with a gamepad."
,Recommended,294860,13003170,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Schwenkdawg,"Just a quick review, especially since I haven't actually finished the game:Good:-Combat and Mission design (you can generally establish a favored strategy, but there are  some curve balls)-Art-Relatively intuitive gameplay-Some legitimately nice story moments-Interesting backstory-The various potentials and backstories do a decent job of helping you to remember your squadmates, and permadeath might actually feel weighty as a resultMeh:-The overall story (a bit saccharine and anime-esque at times, but some people will be used to this)-The subs for the Japanese voices aren't always in tune with what they're actually saying-The way the cover system works seems oddly picky-The fact that enemies can shoot at you while you're moving adds an interesting gameplay dynamic, but can be incredibly frustrating in close quarters combat-This is probably not the case on harder difficulties, but the squad revival mechanic seems overly forgiving-Sometimes the dialog can drag a bit-I thought the music was largely forgettable, but that might just be my personal tasteBad:-The menu system (it seems really clunky and annoying)In the end, it's been a very fun game thus far, and the only wholly negative thing I can think of is the horrible, horrible menu system. If you are used to anime (or can stand a very anime-esque story) Valkyria Chronicles will be a fun game."
76561198015784036,Recommended,294860,13333371,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dacryphilia,"99 outa 10.Game is so great you won't even need a reach around.The story is great, building on real world history to a minor degree. The Darksen representing the jews. It has some rasicsm. It's not all fun and games but it mostly is. Just about everything you deside to do changes the apperance of your units.Planning ahead or learning from your mistakes. The game is a great experience in a strange tactical gametype. Try it out. More then likely your money will be well spent."
,Recommended,294860,13479539,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Buemba,"One of the PS3's best games makes a graceful transition into the PC.A gorgeous game filled with great missions, Valkyria Chronicles remains one of the best and most unique TRPGs I've ever played. While randomly generated content often suits tactical games pretty well it's still nice to play a game with battles that feel designed by people and not spit out by algorithms.Though it may have been originally released in 2008 aside from the low res FMVs the game doesn't feel outdated at all."
,Recommended,294860,13108781,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[HPMC] Calantlar,"Amazing port of an amazing game, definitely worth the cash."
,Recommended,294860,12973785,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Blackwolfpt,"The year is 1935. In Europa, the Empire declares war on the Federation, starting EW II. Because of its rich natural resources, the neutral nation of Gallia, is invaded by the Empire. Set in a loosely inspired WW II setting, you play as Welkin Gunther, a young Gallian University student fascinated by nature, who is drafted to the militia and made leader of squad 7.As the story unfolds you will have to manage all aspects of your squad, from picking recruits, handling research to upgrade your weapons and equipment, to training your troops, among others.The story is excellent with many twists and all characters being fleshed out, with complex backgrounds that end up justifying their personality and actions. Valkyria Chronicles is one of the few games that actually deals with heavy issues related to war, such as civilian massacres, concentration camps, ethnic cleansing, but portrays them in a mature way. Nonetheless it avoids being too heavy as you have the occasional casual moments with some respite between operations.The combat mechanics are somewhat similar to XCOM. The battles are turn based, where you select your soldiers and control their actions. There are 5 different classes of infantry: scouts, shocktroopers, lancers, engineers and snipers who all have different roles on the battlefield, while Welkin uses his tank, the Edelweiss.The graphics are simply stellar, as it uses an unique graphical style with the visuals looking like a moving watercolor painting. The soundtrack is also top class. Lastly there is a New Game + feature, where you can restart the story, unlocking some new features while keeping all your progress.By far, one of the best games available on steam!"
,Recommended,294860,16542201,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PriestOfTheEast,"Let me start by saying this game is definitely a must play if you are a fan of the strategy genre and want a storyline.Pros: Story was great, music score was very well done, the tactical aspects of the game were generally satisfactory, and finally the characters were what brought this series to life. The art is also something I found refreshing and well-done though it may not appeal to those who are not a fan of the paintbrush watercolor art style.Cons: As with many console ports the controls can be a bit cumbersome, but I found even without rebinding keys that I didn't have a problem after an hour or so. As well some of the mechanics may not always make sense but that comes with the turn-based genre. While the music was good I found there was a lack in variety but it may not bother most people.Overall: For the price (even without a sale) it was well worth my ~30 hours. I highly recommend this game to anyone who has the patience for a strategy game with a solid storyline."
,Recommended,294860,18571776,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Anita,"I absolutely ADORE this game! It is definitely, without a doubt, one of my favorite games.  I just love the art style, the soundtrack, the gameplay, the characters, the story, EVERYTHING! The story made me both laugh and cry and I was drawn into it from the get-go (although I could have lived without that romantic sub-plot). I still get back to this game at times and still love every minute of it.However, I believe that the ranking system is completely broken and I wish it had gone in another direction. It is only based on how many rounds you complete the mission on, which means that you can just basically rush it to the finish line with one character, not kill a single enemy, and get an A-rank. To me, that’s just mind-boggling, because why design such an incredibly satisfying combat system with so many different mechanics which make way for so many different dynamics?  I mean, when I first discovered that I could kill two or three enemies at once by either placing a bomb between them or carefully positioning my stormtrooper in a way that the missing shots still would hit another enemy behind, I felt like a BADASS.  I really took time planning my route, placing my troops on the field and making sure I kill all enemies on as few rounds as possible.  For me, it was like playing an intense game of chess.Many times I would have completely swept the field clean of enemies and completed the mission on less than 3 rounds. I would lean back proudly in my chair after the match and think that there is no way I could get anything other than an A-rank and later see a B or C-rank pop up on my screen. It was so frustrating that I was not rewarded for actually making most out of the combat system and being really skilled at it. All I needed to do was to pick a scout and run to the finish line to get an A-rank. WHY?!?! It is like playing a game of chess with the main goal being to reach the other side as quickly as possible. So you could just pick a chess piece and make sure it reaches the side unharmed, but you would totally miss the whole strategic gameplay aspect which is the essence of chess and what made chess so popular.The fact that they have a trait on a character that will most of the times, if activated on the field, chose not to shoot an enemy because she a pacifist is just beyond me. It was extremely annoying and it did not suit my play style so I would most of the times just reload my last save until she actually shoots the enemy I want.It is clear that this game would like to show another side of war that is not centered on killing every troop out there, which I would accept if the gameplay wasn’t so freaking good and if there were actually different secret routes you could take to reach the finish line quickly.Even if the ranking system is one major issue I have with the game, Valkyria Chronicles still is one of my favorite games and very dear to me. Hopefully we will see a sequel sometime soon!"
,Recommended,294860,19230296,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Feenie™,"If you want both a great story/characters and good gameplay, this is the game for you. Words cant describe how much I love this game and I am thankful for Sega for porting it to PC, otherwise I would of never expected it.The year is 1935, you are the small independant country of Gallia in Europa. To the East is the Empire, an autocracy nation and to the west is the Federation. Both nations are at a 2nd world war with eachother and both nations depend on a rare material called ragnite for their needs. Gallia happens to have rich ammounts of ragnite in their soils, and thus The Empire invades the small country for this precious mineral.You take on the role as Welkin Gunther, who is in love with nature, who is the leader of squad 7 in the Gallian malitia, from here you can customise who is in your squad, level up a certain classes with xp, learn special commands, read the news and upgrade your tank and weapons.All the characters have their own personaility, rememorable and are fun to watch.Art style for this game is beautiful and unique, everything looks like it came out of an pencil sketchMusic is fantastic, not a single moment I hated any of the musicThe gameplay involves a tactical view of the area of operations, where you can see you whole squad on the map and any enimies in their line of sight, you then use CP (command points) to chose one of your soldiers to move and shoot within the same CP, tanks however use 2 CP. One of the cataches is that whenever you use the same soldier within the same turn, their movement speed decreases each time you use them.Speaking of PC ports, the port is fantastic, runs at a constant 60fps, has keyboard and mouse support and feels great.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RidM5C1JbYw"
,Recommended,294860,12957690,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Naryoril,"Imo Valkyria Chronicles is the best game on the PS3 and one of my 3 all time greats.The art style is very special and i really like it. The game focuses heavily on the story and has a lot of cutscenes, if you don't like that, you probably won't like this game. But if you play games for the stories (as i do mostly) you can't really go wrong with Valkyria Chronicles, except if you hate Strategy RPGs."
,Recommended,294860,14443231,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Sentient_Toaster,"It's a very unusual squad-based tactical combat game.  No squares or hexes?  Heresy.  ;)Gameplay:Depending on the mission you might be controlling as few as one or two named characters and a couple of generics, or deploying as many as nine or ten (often including at least one in a tank).There's a command point system.  One command point is required to activate a character,  which shifts into a third-person 3D view where you can run around (limited by action points, depending on unit class and also reduced a lot if this isn't the first time you activated the character that turn) and attack (once, although you can keep moving afterwards if you still have AP).  Action is *mostly* frozen while you're active, but enemies who spot may shoot at you (and you them, on their turn).  Time stops when you initiate an attack so you can aim (enemies have weak points; for humans its the head, for tanks it's the glowing radiator at the back) or look around without being shot at until you abort the attack or go through with it.CPs are also expended for giving orders, which can provide various bonuses and benefits.  Some are extremely situational, while others can be quite strong.All the characters you manage have a class (Scout, Shock Trooper, anti-tank Lancers, Snipers, Engineers); some visible stats (action points, health), some invisible ones (damage resistance, accuracy); personal potentials (traits, not always positive, which manifest themselves as you make use of the character) and battle potentials (traits, always positive, revealed and activated as you level up a class).Completing missions yields XP which you use to level up classes rather than individual classes, or to learn additional Orders.  The monetary rewards ('ducats'), are expended to research improvements to your equipment.  The faster you complete a mission (turns, not real time), the higher the grade and rewards.Story:Unusually heavy story line for this sort of game... in fact, navigation through the game is largely in *Book Mode* -- you're paging through a history book telling the story of your militia squad.  The characters you control *all* have biographies that get revealed as the story progresses, and the story is told through numerous cut-scenes between combats.It's sometimes sweet and fluffy, it's sometimes brutally tragic -- there's both scenes of love and happiness, and of devastation, slavery, and slaughter; of friendship, and treachery.  I found it unusually well done for giving purpose and context.Miscellaneous:Game is set up to allow farming, via skirmishes -- replayable battles outside of the main campaign, but unlocked as you progress.Art style is gorgeous, and not terribly demanding -- I was running it on a laptop w/ a Quadro 2000M.  It's a PC port of a game that was on a Playstation, so this isn't too shocking.Voice acting is pretty decent, if you consider that the characters are mostly ordinary young people, not professional soldiers.  When one character sounds like a Valley Girl exclaiming ""Well, DUH"" after she shoots dead an enemy, it's because she's *supposed* to be an 18-yr-old more interested in trends and fashion than, say, Clausewitz and Sun Tzu.Includes all DLC from the original game.Some bugs related to high frame rates; locking to 30fps is recommended."
76561198006716259,Recommended,294860,13003423,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ewalden,"The year is 1935 and your nation is being invaded by an imperialistic superpower.This game, it might have some cheesy dialogues, and the English voice acting doesn't win any medals, but this game has a good storyline telling of an alternate Europe where the second war for Europe just broke out. And the story tells like a real war. A war where your nation is the underdog. A war, were your soldiers have names, their own histories and they can die. Sometimes a death actually feels like a loss, not a statistic. I found myself going the extra length to help my wounded.The easiest way to describe the gameplay would be to say it combines turn-based tactical movement with jrpg style characters and menues in between battles. The learning curve over the first four or five battles isn't bad, it lets you get to grips with the game mechanics and understand how the battles actually work. Learning is easy, mastery is hard. And perhaps that is my only itch with this game, its not simply challenging, it is hard. By chapter VI, without revealing the storyline, you better have grasped tactictical movement and management or your soldiers will suffer.To summarize...The Good:-Driving and well told storyline-Challenging gameplay-Well made learning curve-Decent research, leveling and upgrade mechanic-The troops are more than mere numbers and names-Rewarding victories, more so if you do wellThe Bad:-MIght become too difficult for the novice-Poor English voices, but you can switch to Japanese with English subtitles-Potentially frustrating at times due to losses or loss of key characterThe Neutral:-This is a ported game, limited saving options-Music and sound effects are ok, but nothing to write home aboutBottom Line:-This a good game, not excellent, but good. 4 out of 6 on a die roll."
,Recommended,294860,15860817,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,robflop,"Great Strategy game! I am usually not a fan of strategy games but this game really hit the spot, in a way.The game drags you into it's story right at the start and makes you want to play it for hours and hours.I haven't had a game which made me want to play hour after hour in pretty long time so i'm loving this.The mechanics are easy to understand and fun to learn.I didn't buy it sooner since I didn't want to spend 20€ without knowing if i'd like it, but I bought it now because it was on a 66% discount.Having played it for a few hours (as of now) I do not regret it at all -- In fact, based on how much fun i've had up to now i'd be totally okay with paying the normal price of 20€.If you're thinking about whether you should buy it or not then I say go for it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,294860,14200131,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,falloutmule,"Good for all the reasons others say, but only because it is a port of a game we might never have gotten to play. If it came out last week it would be trashed in reviews. It feels like playing a game with mittens on the controls (menu and in-game)  are so bad."
,Recommended,294860,14672157,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,H_Hunter,1- Addicting2- Impressive game play3- Excellent Story and charactersThis is by far the best strategy game I ever played and one of the best games I played in general!I hope we will see a new game from this series.
76561198006220406,Recommended,294860,14568934,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Valerick,"This is one of the finest games I've played in a long time. Good, solid story and characters. The setting is enjoyably simple and interesting (Well thought out lore, unique weapons with weapon info, character profiles, medals/awards, culture etc).The part of the game outside of the story is a very unique blend of turn based strategy and first person action. You start with a set amount of command points that can be increased based upon the characters you're fighting with (some are better leaders then others). You can give specific orders (buffs) by using these points or take direct control and move a character.The missions are -challenging- even for a veteran of strategy games. Expect to play them a few times and to be wow'd when you figure out a winning strategy/trick.The level up system in the game is also enjoyable and rewards people who like to spend ample time having the best/strongest troops they can get.Great game. Well worth the shekels."
,Recommended,294860,15330549,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,JonnyB,"Tactical RPGs are rare in today's gaming climate. Interestingly enough, it's one of my favorite genres. If you're like me and have been wanting a current-generation Final Fantasy Tactics or Tactics Ogre for years now, give Valkyria Chronicles a try. It tries something bold and new with its third-person shooter style gameplay, but incorporates a large portion of the depth and tactics that make the genre riveting.The PC port is good, but not perfect. The graphics haven't been overhauled, it runs relatively well, and has solid controller support.I should mention that I beat Valkyria Chronicles on PS3 before playing the PC port."
,Recommended,294860,16203219,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Verysleepyfox,"Good game to play, though missions can take a long time to complete. You cannot speed up enemy turns in this game. Another great thing about this game is that it will make you think, well for me lol :))Sadly, the start menu can be a little annoying, but you will get the hang of it"
76561198058546299,Recommended,294860,16350621,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[MAG] Big Ben,I played Valkyria Chronicles 2 on psp and i loved it. I finally got to see how good its predeccesor was and man i was not dissappointed. This game is a fantastic strategy with lots of challenge. It also manages to tell a cool story aswell. if ur a single player gamer who likes to sink their teeth into a deep meaty game for hours then Valkyria Chronicles is the game for you
,Recommended,294860,14554326,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Frostflame,"This game is truly amazing. Valkyria Chronicles is a Turn-based Anime TPS with many different elements. It has a great story and character development, good graphics, skilled voice acting, an easy yet challenging combat system and much more to offer. This is the perfect strategy game if you're a fan of anime and manga. If you're not a fan of anime, this game could still be one of the best strategy games you've ever played. I recommend this game to the fullest. 10/10"
,Recommended,294860,14652936,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Emperor,A must own game.Everything is perfect with no issues what so ever.
,Recommended,294860,14416653,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,AlmostZer0,"I've been wainting this game on PC since 2009. Only one of her kind, epic story, briliant characters, hours of interesting gameplay. Top tier jRPG, 10/10.P.S. Sega, you have to port VC2."
,Recommended,294860,14426685,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,lolokoa,Great TBS gameExpert Skirmish is something strategy games fans should playWould touch Selvaria boobs / 10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=365513248
,Recommended,294860,14495674,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Beasts0,"The Art style is amazing                                         +Characters are fun, quirky, and interesting           +Love story is a little cheesy                                    -Gameplay is intuative/ makes sense                      +Never played the PS3 version, but who cares the game is awesomeAmazingly fun stratagy game ( from someone whos not about that turn bases life)It has all the fun of a stratagy game with the fun of any action game10/10 would... *will buy a  PS3 to play all 3 installments"
,Recommended,294860,14419652,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Matrixangel,"The attractive love child of Fire Emblem and Battalion Wars. And so pretty too, it's pretty much Watercolour Borderlands"
,Recommended,294860,14999152,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Disa,"This game is a very underrated JRPG, overall JRPG's, especially on the PC platform, has been saturated with some of the most basic of basic tropes and at this point the only thing it takes to make a good jrpg on PC is to slap some♥♥♥♥♥♥ and copy paste some random popular jrpg that are either on handhelds or consoles. I am happy to say the Valkyria Chronicles does it's own thing and does it pretty well, and it has some tropes which can at times take me out of the experience, it isn't as bad.The game is a Turn Based Third person shooter, much along the lines of XCOM Enemy Unknown. The shooting mechanics work for what they are and enemies can shoot at you during your own turn which forces you to think on your feet, there are many times where you are given an objective and you will have to figure out what will be the best and most efficient way to finish the objective. There are a total of 5 classes, Scout, Shock Trooper, Lancer, Engineer and Sniper. Scout can run the longest and can shoot at medium-long range, ShockTrooper run faster but not for too long, they weild a machine gun and can shoot at close-medium ranges, they can also take a lot of damage. Lancer is strictly used for taking out tanks, or, depending on how you build them, can be used to take out soldiers as well. They can take the most damage. Engineer is one of the weakest of the bunch but can run at a decent distance and can repair anything, they also can heal the most and have 3 gernades. The Sniper is the weakest, but the hardest hitting against troops, their pretty self explanatory, you snipe people. The classes are *MOSTLY* balanced and each one bring something new and fun to the table. Be careful though since you can permanantly kill them off so you must make sure you have a plan.There is also loads of extra content such as Reports, DLC (haven't played all of them, will not be included in this review), and secret unlockables which bring out side stories of major characters as well as some minor. This is something I think the game does very well, characterization, every major character, and some minor ones, have their own backstorys and their personality, some characters at first seem dickish and mean at first, but when doing these reports you start to understand why they do it and they usually end up realizing their wrongs in the end, this is amazing character development and what brings out the best of this game to me, you feel for everyone and while you may not agree with how a character does something, you understand why. Even the enemy side isn't simplified as ""oh bad guy kill kill we hate kittens"" the enemy side does do terrible things, but it the game reminds us that the people have their reasons why they are in the war, and the reasons are justifiable for the most part. The game also has beautiful art direction and it is something that can only work in 3D for me, the anime simply does not do it justice.The story so far is also engaging, although keep in mind this is not a gritty WWII style game, it has it's serious moments but it is mostly not as serious as yo would think it is, this is not much of a problem for me, but I understand why people would be put off by animeish tropes being inserted into a WWII setting. but overall it is a very engaging story. I also liked it's references to WWII such as concentration camps and references on Trench Warfare, it's little but it kept me engaged in the story.Now for the problems, the game isn't perfect of course. For one thing it plays more like a puzzle game than a strategy game, as you will find yourself trying to figure out what the devs wanted you to do in order to get that A rank this isn't a problem for me right now since for my 1st playthrough i don't really care for ranks as much unless it is an extra or report mission, but it is a problem. Also despite many of the characters being fleshed out, many of them also aren't at all. Many of the characters I do not have a emotional connection to at all, the only thing is I can say is ""well this dude/girl looks cool i guess, and their attributes work in my favor so i like them."" so when one of them fall, unless they are units I use often, i don't particularly feel anything.Another problem is the difficulty spikes, they are everywhere they go up and down and it is really jarring. For example the Batomys battle is legit the hardest mission in the entire game, but it is like chapter 7. Then there is battle at Naggiar 2 which is also incredibly difficult, but the very next chapter is legit the easiest mission in the entire game. There is simply no flow to how the difficulty increases.I also mentioned how the classes are MOSTLY balanced, well, that's only initially. Once you reach mid-end game you realize how OP scouts are and how insane some of the orders are, Mortar Support being the most broken order as well as Caution mixed with defense order, as well as Penetration. And Scouts with defense order + caution are tanks, especially if that tank is Alicia, during late game she might as well be invinicible at that point. these completely break the game.There are also times where AI will simply glitch out or be incredibly stupid. like the enemy will sometimes get their snipers to constantly move back and forth and do nothing for no reason.Also last thing, Worst Report is R&R literally the most cringe worthy thing I have ever witnessed in a video game and it costs a whole lot of in-game cash too. why was that even made is beyond me.Overall the game is pretty great, later games do improve on these aspects, or so i have heard, so i hope they port them soon. I suggest you get the game at full price if you can to support the devs. It is well worth it."
,Recommended,294860,14169732,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,PotatoLeague,"Fantastic game, well done story and characters. Along with a deep and unique srpg system that combines the best elements of many franchises."
,Recommended,294860,14224530,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sunohara,"War Is Hell.Nothing much else to add to that. except for it being absolutely true in this game. also racismStory is great.Gameplay is great. it's weird how enemies shoot at you non-stop when you move though. then again, the same applies for them when they move near my troops field of vision.ALL side characters have unique voices and dialouge (which is honestly damn amazing).Should you buy this game?Do you like RPG's? Real Time Strategy Games? 3rd person shooting?if you answered yes to one or more of the above. then yes you should."
,Recommended,294860,14406843,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,タンポポ,I really enjoy this game. worth it 10/10
,Recommended,294860,14408819,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Harri,"What a weird game, I vote yes on gameplay and no on the rest. Since you can skip most of the rest it comes down to a yes.The combat is interesting and rather unique (some balance issues) the squad management is great (even if the menu navigation is a weird).The setting is not bad either. Alternate history world war (although calling one side a loose federation of democratic countries and the other an authoritarian empire makes things very black and white), Lots of interesting backstory.The characters are overly silly, but I can live with that as it makes them a bit more memorable and distinct (although lots of overused cliche anime characters among them).The basic plot: battle for independence against a superior evil foe led by an underrated militia section whose leader is thrust to the front lines and is trying to get out of his fathers shadow to protect his sister etc. etc. Not bad actually now that I am writing it down and thinking about it.Alas it does not matter though, since the storytelling is awful. vomit inducing. Everyone is silly happy cheerful despite all of the horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥supposedly going on. Even if it just happened like 5 minutes ago. I am not asking for realism in terms of science, just emotion please. All of the overused anime tropes aren't helping one bit either. Everybody seems completely out of touch with reality most of the time (by reality I mean their reality). Lots of ""Friendship will save the day"" kind of lines.So much is just ridiculous:The main character after being asked if he is going to sign up to the military says: ""no - being a soldier is not for me I want to be a teacher"" which happened 10 mins after he killed 3 enemy scouts and saw several civilians killed for no reason in front of him, during an attack on his home town which basically was a declaration of war on his tiny country by an empire spanning half the world, oh and their tiny country has conscription, which is revealed 2 chapters later, I guess he forgot about that. Lets see, what else? The soldiers that shoot innocent civilians at sight yet somehow stop to explain to 2 people how they hate them and are going to kill them and don't do anything when one of them grabs a gun and points it at them. The general who is faced with impossible odds and yet seems to care more about lookign down on the militia and getting them killed than winning the war. The soldiers who are facing impossible odds and find time to be racist towards their own comrades and refuse to fight with them despite getting orders for going on a suicide mission the next day. The reporter who doesn't quite understand how government censorship works, luckily for her neither does the script writer.I found the best way to digest the story was to be drunk and think of it as a ""so bad it is funny"" kind of a comedy.And that is all in the first 5 chapters, don't know when I will be drunk enough to continue.PS: half your army is underage with one girl, a shocktrooper no less, being 12 years old.It will cost me more in alcohol to play through this game than the actual game itself."
76561198049562263,Recommended,294860,14415241,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Creedence18,"Sega should give up on Sonic and focus on this. This storyline is a little too jrpg for me, but if you can survive Kingdom Hearts, you can survive this. Shooters can mix with TBS."
76561198061979504,Recommended,294860,14872674,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,<<R1chaaard,worth every penny of itgood storylovely style of animationreally enjoy the gameand just recruit cute girls to fight XDbut why only one achievement after 12 hour game
76561198052920328,Recommended,294860,15287736,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Knight at the Wrong Table,"My 2 favorite things, anime and videogames.  This game takes both and smashes together turnbased strategy game.  Amazing with its nice artstyle andhyper realistic character ragdoll physics, all backed with a great story.  Solid gameplay that even some non strategy game players would like.  I prefer to play on japanese because I like their voices alot better.  A great game for a great price.10/10 would step on a mine again!"
,Recommended,294860,15346748,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Spudtatoe,"An anime art style game without, cat people, tentacles and cheesy boob characters. 10/10"
76561198028845835,Recommended,294860,15826500,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Griseus Lupus,"One of the absolutely best ports of one of the absolutely best games ever made. Gorgeous graphics, solid and unique gameplay, an incredible soundtrack, and a wonderful and emotionally gripping story. If you missed this gem on PS3, this is the perfect chance to experience it."
,Recommended,294860,15943590,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Holocaust,"CONS:- not overly strategic, getting the best ranking on missions sometimes just involves rushing the enemy base, not really making smart choices. I wish it rewarded actual tactics (like XCOM)- mediocre cover system- tons of cutscenes and dialogue in between missions- linear story (lack of choices/options)PROS:- tons of cutscenes and dialogue in between missions- tanks- headshots, headshots, headshots- japanese voice acting- animu waifu"
,Recommended,294860,14411989,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LegacY,"Great storyline, battles are a bit slow in beginning but once you get the hang of the game, strategy to beat it in as few turns as possible is where the challenge comes in.Worth it!"
76561198145239055,Recommended,294860,14672251,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,soroush,"+ Excellent voice acting+ Interesting and exciting new spin on turn based battles+ Cool anime like graphics+ Nice mix of unit classes, each with it's strengths weakness and extreme usefulless in the proper circumstance+ Story is nice, though highly predictable+ Fully fleshed out game world, multiple characters with their own backstories+ It's a console port but the controls are acceptable- A few bugs here and there (one of my characters fell through the ground though this only happened once), it's nothing too serious though- Most maps have one 'best way' to beat and once you discover it there's really no point in replaying the map. In some of campaign/story missions there's only one possible way of winning and the game 'cheats' to prevent you from going of the scripted path.All in all a pretty decent game, even at full price it's clearly worth it."
,Recommended,294860,15120609,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,moro,"I already had this game for ps3, but ps3 sucks )"
76561198026667042,Recommended,294860,16310275,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wendersnaven,A great game. Beautifully animated.
76561198038732917,Recommended,294860,16376637,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Megotaku,"My recommendation comes on the back of some pretty hefty reservations.  First off: the gameplay is very fun.  It earns my recommendation on that back of that alone.  The game on its first playthrough is pretty challenging for first timers, and I assume everyone is a first timer since this combat system is rather unique.Unfortunately there are some seriously bad things, especially for an adult audience.  The combat has its fair share of unfairness.  The AI can end turns a lot faster than you can, which means you get dinged by reactive fire and their units typically don't.  One mission in particular had an enemy who was not only invincible, but could cross the entire map in one turn and would one-shot any soldier in their path.  Typical JRPG ""cheese as challenge"", but something one can expect from a distinctly Japanese game.  The real downside is the cutscenes and story.  It verges on interesting in several parts, but the characters and dialogue are often cringeworthy, borderline G.I. Joe PSA stuff, like ""eat your vegetables.""  Sometimes I want to alt+F4 out of the game when I have to hear my Rambo Elite Scout Aisha who has more kills racked up than three special forces units combined complain about body insecurities or that one enemy soldier she couldn't help not five minutes after she shot 4 in the face at point blank range.  The whole thing plays war like a game in Winny the Poo's Hundred Acre woods with characters whose status as unparalleled commando elites mass murdering whole armies is suspended every time a character needs to complain about their body insecurity or the horrors of a Darcsen labor camp... from a tank pilot who has literally killed human beings by running over them with a tank.So yeah, it's a great game for the combat and the story borders on interesting if you can get over the insufferable anime tropes and cliches.  If it comes up for sale, I'd recommend it."
76561198056158551,Recommended,294860,14869266,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Luke K #Ianologist,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. I picked this game up on sale for $10, and it was the best $10 i've spent. Even when it's not on sale I would recommend this game. My first look at the game; I was kinda unsure about if it would be good or not, but I feel like it was amazing after I have played it. I didn't know about the JRPG, Anime game style, but it turned out to be great. When I first got into the game, I was stunned from how great everything looked. It was beautiful. Everything looked so pretty down to the grass on the ground.The Characters in Valkyria Chronicles are so great. Every single one of them in their own way, whether it be that they are cool, nice, kind, or if they are cold hearted, hateful, or jerk. The two protagonists of the game are: Welkin Gunther, and Alicia Melchiott. These are my favorite characters in the game, because of there background (SPOILER ALERT) their romantic relationship formed throughout the game. Welkin Gunther is a man in hie early 20s, that gets dragged into a war. Welkin is drafted into squad 7 as a lieutenant, who is also a tank commander of the tank Edelweiss. He is in love with nature, and wants to become a teacher. Alicia Melchiott is a woman the age of 19 who was formaly a baker, who later on got drafted into squad 7 as a sergeant, because of her role in the Bruhl town watch. There are also other main characters such as Largo Potter, Brigitte Stark (Rosie), Isara Gunther. Which are all awesome characters with good storys behind them.As far as game play goes, I would say that it has its ups and downs. But every game has that. I like the Third Person view when controling your character. The only think I dislike is that you can't see from the enemys eyes, when they are in view. I really like how you level up classes instead of leveling up one individual at a time. In my opinion that can get really annoying.Some advice when playing this game- Level up scout first. They are the best unit in the game- Another note on  leveling up. Get every unit class to elite rank before you get one to level 20- Save after every turn if you're unsure about how to win the battle- Make many saves- Don't let your units die!I rate this game 10/10"
76561198058301795,Recommended,294860,15065384,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ikobal,"""A good game."" - Swanson, Ron"
,Recommended,294860,15113701,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jay,"Amazing game. Get it. 'Nuff said.Pros:The art style is awesomeThe game's strategy mechanics are greatThe characters are well-doneNot too easy or insanely hard; just the right level of difficultyThe fact that characters don't immediately die when their HP reachs 0, but instead go into 'critical condition' and you have to rescue them within 3 turns or they dieThe level-up mechanics are coolPigs with wingsCons:Sometimes aim is extremely annoying, like your Sniper missing 4 shots in a rowBosses are very difficult (Can be either a pro or a con, depends on the player though)Scouts and Engineers are too fragileSnipers don't have a very large movement rangeOverall, I give it a 10/10. Despite it's cons, it's an awesome game, plain and simple. If you're still not sure about getting it, go watch a video walkthrough or something. It's worth getting though :)Now to wait for VC2 to come out here."
76561198039976361,Recommended,294860,15310862,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,WonderBallz,Not♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006917462,Recommended,294860,15858814,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Renegade,Xcom + anime = a wonderful gameThis title took me completely by suprise its just that good.+story (funny and sad)+superb tactical gameplay+squadmates feel alive and have personality (fully voiced)+Alicia
,Recommended,294860,16126733,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Jhaywan,Valkyria Chronicles is a very good RPG. It's innovative and refreshing. Original style and gameplay. Highly recommend this game to those who want something unique.
,Recommended,294860,15512116,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,tpeter267,This is a beautiful game. And one unlike anything I've ever played before. The art style is incredible. The level variety sets a standard for every other game. The story is really well told too and will keep you coming back even when it gets mercilessly hard. And it keeps all of this up beautifully paced for 30-50 hours.The control have been miserably converted for PC but that's still well worth putting up with to experience the game. 4/5
76561198008366600,Recommended,294860,15844350,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Svartvadet,"Valkyria ChroniclesThis is really a great adventure game mixed with turn based strategy feeling. The main strenght is the story which involves the politics in a small neutral state right in the middle between the borders of 2 superpowers waging war with each other. The story is also much about the team you're playing with. Happiness, tragedy, life, death, friendship, mistrust, tolerance, prejudice - everything is in that story!Good things:- The story.- Graphics, beautiful handdrawn art anime. Runs smooth.- The lenght. Alot of content.Although there are two things which I didn't like about the game related to the turn based combat.The battles can be a challenge the first time you do them and of course you need to upgrade your squad's gear and your tank because your enemy gets harder. But when you have learned the AI and the game mechanic it's really easy to exploit it to make it really easy on normally a hard map. Quite often the AI do dumb decisions when it moves its troops.Another small thing is the control when using the tank. It's abit clunky and odd until you get used to it.Steam can put this game up on sale from time to time. Still it's worth it even at full price but it's better to wait for the sale. It's a great game!  :)"
,Recommended,294860,15848110,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tunloink,This game is great. Almost perfect.Although the best part is totally where one mistake will make you fail a mission.Yeah...that's a good one...
76561198043289484,Recommended,294860,16046191,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ghoulean Operators,"Starts off as a pretty good turn base strategy game.Set in a WWII like scenario. Weapons are semi-automatic rifles, machine guns, snipers, etc.Starts off like any WWII scenario, some uppity empire wants to rule everything.Pretty Fun.Then a white hair anime chick shows up, starts glowing blue, and uses her laser lance to slay soldiers and tanks by herself on foot.Game went full anime.0/10"
,Recommended,294860,15064931,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,RichChigga,"Another great ps3 exclusive comes to pc, we need more like this."
76561197974138574,Recommended,294860,14439571,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,bibbis,"Definitely that, ""wow, this is absolutely amazing!"" kind of game."
,Recommended,294860,32499081,Posted: 17 June,all,Nayy,"Valkyria ChroniclesThe first hours I played this game I found it pretty boring, just because the gameplay is in fact, really slow.Or so I thought. There are many MANY ways to accomplish a mission, it all depends on what classes you're leveling first (even though some missions require heavy artillery like lancers) but the more you progress, the more freedom you acquire.You will be using ALL the things that combat system brings to the game.OrdersEquipmentPotentialsTeam composition.Leaving a HUGE amount of possibilities.So if you like challenging combat systems, this game is for you!Also, the story is pretty good you'll be asking for more every chapter! The characters show development through the progress of the game, even some of them has its own sidequest so you get to know a little more about their background.Also it has its own fanservice chapter, otherwise it wouldn't be japanese, am i right!?10/10 would save Gallia again!"
,Recommended,294860,30544020,Posted: 16 March,all,Bass][e,"★★★★★This is an excellent story-driven and unique third-person RTS game from 2007. It's obvious that the graphical style is memorable and nice like the young hard-to-not-notice animé galls in war uniforms. And yes, like an animé, it has a kind of cringy, optional english dub (but not terrible at all!) and it has some quirky writing and characters considering the setting. But do not simply pass this game by because of this.Let me first stress that this game is not meant for everybody, not because only of the above mentioned aspects, but because it is filled with hours of click-through dialogue scenes. These nicely animated and voice-acted in overall. However, they do take up the bulk of the game. You can skip through these, but that would mean you'd miss out on the perhaps the best aspect of the game. Atleast you'd get to experiences the charm and funny personalities during the battles where they get to shine. My personal favourite has to be Cherry, the cartoony 'Long Beach' girl, who would says things to her girlfriends like that 'dying is so not OK'.Despite the excellent charm, look and lenght of the game, it isn't released without its flaws. Though the combat is unique and robust, I did (literally) walk into some walls. In a game where your movement is restricted on how much space you've covered, it's only infuriating that you don't get to safety only because you didn't expect ainvisible wallontop of a curb high ledge. In these cases, I had to use another 'command point' just to move the guy like 3 feet just so he would be save. This quirk also applies to fences: characters can jump over sandbags, but a fence of the same height cannot be crossed. Some other reviewers joke about tanks being unable to shoot through tents (and also trees in some cases), which is maybe a similar quirk like the above mentioned, but not as constraining. A placement of a prop would have meant a whole lot to me.I believe that those quirks are the view things that were in my way of enjoying the game, beside some missions around the second act of the game which try to be different from the rest, but suffer from some odd design choices. These caused me to take a break on the game, till I visited the forums where players shared the same enervating experience. Bite through these and you'll have a great time (again). The general game is still excellent and worth checking out."
,Recommended,294860,12896100,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Skorpan,Brothers in Arms with cute girls doing cute things.
,Recommended,294860,15115422,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chef,"Fantastic story and great combat system. Wether you like JRPG or not, this is an enjoyable experience you might want to check."
,Recommended,294860,26927188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CivilizedTeapot,"This game is just fun, challenging at times but that is one of the things that makes it fun if you ask me. Besides this game had a nice storyline, it's emotional at times, you can feel triumphant or saddened at either a loss or a victory. When you lose it isn't over, you may learn something. A warning to new players or someone looking for a reason to buy this game, letting someone die might seem like a good idea at the time, but in this game if you lose a comrade that isn't part of the storyline, you don't get them back, you lose them. However don't let that keep you from getting the game, you never know besides it's even more challenging and emotional with that aspect. Though you may WANT to lose a comrade, I think a motivation for that would be the personality of the character, because they all have their own personality. Though I still don't like losing someone. Now the gameplay, it isn't a normal turn-based-strategy-game if you ask me you get to play out the character's actions, well thats really all I have to say on gameplay, besides that its AMAZING. Well I guess all thats left is, Good Luck, Have Fun, Don't Give Up, oh and I'd give this game a 9/10. Good day to you, and have a nice day or evening depending on when your reading this."
,Recommended,294860,14185566,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,URAMESHI,"Loved the game. Is quite different from the most games around, the story is rich and the characters are very interesting, the turn system is great, the cinematics and the book system will drag you to a whole new experience in gaming.  I would like to congratulate the developers of this game for the great effort put in the animation; it is like being part of an anime. Thanks."
,Recommended,294860,12889367,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AProfessionalKyūbi,"This game is easily one of my top 10. Beautiful music, vibrant water color art style, great gameplay. If you like strategic combat then do yourself a favor and pick this game up."
76561197994607659,Recommended,294860,12923908,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Llamara,All i've dream of... since a few years!
,Recommended,294860,12923627,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jisa,"Great port. Except for the 720p pre-rendered cinematics and the fact that the ""lips"" are synched to english voice, which is ridiculous.But glorious 4k, 60+FPS and all that goes along with it. Thanks for betatesting, console-friends.The game in itself is still really really great. You know it."
,Recommended,294860,12919007,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Liang Qi,"First time I've played any game in this series, but it feels like a cross between the most recent X-COM game and the tabletop game Infinity, which is to say it's great. Get it, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,294860,12919221,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Newgeta,"Highly polished port of the PS3 classic ive been waiting for.Tactical like Xcom and RPG like FFT, this game shines with quality.Just like in Final Fantasy tactics or fire emblem, you play a tactical RPG with story that has lasting quality."
,Recommended,294860,14075013,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JBwB | Haikyuu!!,"-Played the demo on PSN before it's release, liked it.-Played the game when it was released on PS3 in 2008, loved it.-Played the game again on PC in 2015, still love it.Remains one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.Surprisingly great port by SEGA, no issues at all."
,Recommended,294860,13502499,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,wolf560,"This is a fantastic game, I played it for hundreds of hours on the PS3.I'm very glad to see it her on Steam finally"
,Recommended,294860,16671416,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Minecraft Hentai Gaming,Felt like a virgin playing this10/10
,Recommended,294860,13560174,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,♫ Tesrad ๖,"I recently bought the game a few days ago at 25% off for the christmas sale and i have to say it has been my best buy all year. Already i have logged a great amount of hours playing.First I want to mention that this is a console port so if you are like me playing on a laptop and you get slowdowns just change the resolution down a bit, for me 1280x720 fixed it. Others say that changing the fps limit to 30 will fix it aswell.Yes it's a long review i really like this game and wanted to give out my opinion on alot of the topics.Story:[+] I am 3/4's way through the game and i have to say the story has been fantastic there has been a great deal of character development from both the main protagonist and the antagonist. It is your classic world war plot with a sub-romance but it pulls it off in a very unique way and every chapter introduces a great deal of information about everything mentioned in the game. For those of you like me that don't mind looking in the glossary or info tabs for more information about all the events, characters, places, and weapons. It does a great job of adding plenty of backstory.*This version of the game includes all the DLC bounus missions and content.*playing battles with extra characters unlocks backstory about them - giving you information on why they have the traits they do.*Story answers questions after it presents them or soon after[-]*It is a bit unfortunate that it seems a bit rushed at times (there are a few moments where something happened and some of the characters just gloss over it very fast.),*the chapters can be extremely short especially with most of the beginning chapters just including 1 battle with a few short cutscenes.*You may not get some references the characters make in the dialouge if you do not check the glossary on the events that happened in the past.*Some of the characters can be forgettableGameplay:The gameplay is a very unique style which i have to say i love.  If you have played X-Com you will notice some similarities.  It is a turn-based top down 3rd person tactical shooter ""whew"".   You start off in the top down command screen where you use your ""CP"" given to you each turn to move your units on the battle field. Once you select a unit you go into third person where you are able to move around as much as their stamina bar will let you then you can do an action ie: shoot, heal ect...  The game also allows you to choose what upgrades you want for your tank/weapons  If you want a accurate sniper you can make it, then you can make a more powerful one and then equip them to different people in your squad for certain fights.[+]*The game is very challenging. There is no difficulty setting for the story missions (atleast for the first playthrough it does not seem to give you a choice.)*the skirmish battles allow for multiple difficulty choices.*Every mission will be throwing you into a different scenario forcing you to adjust your strategies on the fly and make quick decisions to complete the given objective.*some maps may seem small but the use of cover and some nicely placed invisible walls make the maps seem 10X bigger than they actually are.*The game allows you to have 20 uniquely voice acted characters in your squad. at anytime you can swap them out for different characters who become unlocked as the game progresses. In the battles that i am at i have only been allowed a max of 10 soldiers on the field at a time. [i will update if this changes]*Unique playable characters, with their own personalities and voice acting.*The ability to lose characters forever. (yes your characters can die in battle leaving you to actually care more for the extra guys and gals than you normally would)*ability to save in battles (thank you! lol)*give squad members different weapons so they all don't just have the best accuracy gun should you choose to upgrade it.*Class leveling system - You level by classes not by individual so you don't have to worry about not taking alicia in every battle and think she will fall behind.[-]*Some of the gunfights can come down to luck or the old RNG, you can be right behind someone and aim for his head but miss Completely only to leave you facepalming and your character getting downed the next turn lol.*No present diffculty option for the story missions.*some smaller map design limits the posibilities of how to tackle a certain situation.*Tank's seem to dominate really easily so they overload the enemy with tank bustersGraphics/bugs:As it is a Ps3 port i was expecting it to not be in a high quality but i was pleasantly suprised. they have updated the PC version to allow support for beyond 1080p but for me and some others higher resolutions seem to cause problems without limited the frames to 60.[+]*I love the art style in the game, it is very vibrant and colorful*Runs great with no performance issues whatsoever*All enviroments are very detailed and definetly give off the worn battlefield feel*Characters are visually detailed and animated facial expressions and unqiue movements and animations on the field.[-]*a strange border style to give it more of a picturesque feel.*30 fps on certain resolutions may be noticable to some.*game will crash often if you alt tab during a skirmishLanguage?/Voice: This release is in english but it also comes with a japanese voice option. Unfortunatly it seems that the subtitles in the japanese version use the same ones as if you left subtitles on in the English dub. Now for us who can understand a bit of the Japanese language it seems that what they are saying and what the words at the bottom display do not always match. So if you are an wanting to hear the original script or a direct translation you may be better off finding a fan made translation/patch. I am playing the game with the english voices and i have to point out that they did a fantastic job setting the tone for each character. I even enjoy the lines given to the characters you can recruit into your squad, you can tell what kind of person they are just by how they sound.Sound/OST: From what i have heard in the game the music is great! the compostition Hitoshi Sakimoto put together fits the mood for almost every scene. he said that it took him a total of eight months to complete it and what time well spent. i can only say that the ost is definitely one i will be looking to pick up in the future.   Now for the sounds.[+]*The game adds visuals to sounds... what i mean is that if you see a tank moving the game will add a ""Vvrrrmm"" or ""rumble rumble"" next to it in a anime'ish style which adds alot to the art style. the same can be said for any other sounds like an explosion might have a big ""BLAM!"" come out of the ground which is nothing less than satisfying.*I'm not a gun expert in anyway but they sound good enough to me im not going to complain if they sound fake or hold it against them the sounds they use fit the art style and serious tone, it adds a certain charm to the game.[-]*Some of the voice acting for the English dub is out of synch with the characters facial animations. This can be normal with translated game but in this one it can be very noticable.Replayability: As this is a linear game i am a bit worried about how i would enjoy this game on the second time around so far the majority of the ""side quest if you can call it that"" is just a skirmish battles, it is very ""this is what you have to do now do it"".The extra characters that you choose for your squad at start are random. my friend had bought the game and i told him he should get a person named Lynn but he did not have her or many of the ones i started with. he had some characters that i had just unlocked in recent missions.I may update with more once i start my second playthrough or complete the game.Overall rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,294860,13009301,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Black Lives Don't Matter,"Great game from start to finish. Story was excellent. Romance a central part of the story, with proper characterization, rather than simply ""I love you because reasons"", and therefore is not cringeworthy and actually added a lot.Gameplay is very fun but unfortunately gets repetitive towards the end as the battles increase in length and has some series balance issues (using scouts is equivalent to using a tactical nuclear strike). It never stopped being entertaining, though."
,Recommended,294860,12981950,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,un1qu3,"I haven't been this engaged in a game in ages. It's pretty, it's interesting, and it's challenging. I skipped it while it was on PS3, and now that it's on Steam (for only $20!) I have no excuse.Buy this game."
,Recommended,294860,12890273,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,F'rynn,JRPG ? CheckRun Smoothly ? CheckAnime-like artstyle ? CheckGreat Soundtracks ? CheckController Support ? CheckGood Storyline ? CheckDual Audio ? CheckOverall a good port ? FRICKIN YES 10/10 !!!
,Recommended,294860,12886890,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pish,"A very solid port overall. Thank you, SEGA!"
,Recommended,294860,12887283,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[九]Ferain 鉄の雨,45 hours and the game is still entertaining enough to finish all the achievements.
,Recommended,294860,12887720,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bureaumix.,Kawaii game ^_^
,Recommended,294860,14606262,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JibbityJobbity,UUGUU
76561198100239502,Recommended,294860,33369340,Posted: 8 July,all,Salahudin,"This game is 'one' of the best game ever made IMO. I've played it on PS3 and here I am, bought this game again because of how awesome it was. It's a remastered game originally from PS3 in 2008 and a great port that still stands to aging till this day with 30+hrs of gameplay if you're playing it without walkthrough.This game presents you a very unique gameplay with a combination of anime, visual novel, turn-based JRPG and thirds person shooter games. It's also story rich that can make you get really attached to this game emotionally (at least I did). Really there is nothing bad to say about this game.Give it a go, you won't regret it. I really recommend this game, even at full price I think it's still worth it.PS: You automatically get all the DLCs for buying the game."
,Recommended,294860,21451861,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,fukin kil me,"Even if you don't get pulled in by the story, the gameplay is more than worth the price."
,Recommended,294860,21518228,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LaughnChill,The writing is amazing and the gameplay difficult but totally worth it!
,Recommended,294860,26466086,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[SankakuComplex] Zettai Ryoiki,"Amazing world, great story, innovative gameplay and mechanics"
,Recommended,294860,32978298,Posted: 29 June,all,Marcelus,"Is great that SEGA made this port (also the PS4 one).Pros:- Easy enjoyment/learning learning curve. But late on the game you'll find some challenging parts. It may be a bit slow paced. But you'll be OK.- The port is 100% great. On day one it had a few refresh rate issues, and speed issues (due to the frame-rate cap) now runs butter smooth, unlocked, windowed or full screen. Side-note: The PS4 version has better filtering LOL! But nothing too drastic. Of course the Art style is LOVELY!- Personally I liked the voice acting. And the game has a lot of cutscenes so choose yours carefully. There's Japanese dialog on this Steam port.- It has waifus!! (some of them have perma-death).- The campaign is long and very engaging and the boss fights are cool little puzzles. Great game to play during a whole season. Some missions makes you replay them again after making a game bad plan. OK OK I know...war is not a game...- Install this on a SSD. You'll find yourself loading past save games during missions ;)- Contains the DLC's. Also that f#%""# EX mode ;)Cons:- It can be a bit repetitive or long later if you don't train your units or level up your weapons vehicles. The last part of the game lacks of creativity as the other 80% of the game in terms of design of the missions.- Little detail, some pre-rendered cutscenes are not too sharp.- You'll want to play Valkyria Chronicles 2 and 3 for PSP. Go find it, I'm doing that right now ;)Note:- The AA needs downsampling if you're a real Master Race pal. Nvidia DSR works 100% fine.- If you find an English ""Valkyria Chronicles Design Archive"" book at good price let me know haha!"
,Recommended,294860,21513674,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Foxu,"Amazing story, great art style, and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,294860,21865679,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jakkun,I really love the story behind it its emotional lovely cute and its about WAR! isnt that interesting? with a unique gameplay with a drawing style on the scenes and thats totally new for me. i recommend this 110% Love it
,Recommended,294860,29320618,Posted: 17 January,all,Yankee Foxtrot,"This what happens when you combine Anime, War Themed RPG, with TPS! A hidden gem from SEGA, i must say!"
,Recommended,294860,25721397,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,XsnakeX51,"I loved this game to death, and I felt like giving it a small review after seeing it in my library again, so this is by no means an instant like or dislike.Roughly, I'd say if you enjoy turn based tactics game to any extent you're likely to enjoy this given you look a bit at the preview images and video. It's very much an open book from the screen shots alone. Action-points-esque movement will always have a soft spot in my book as well as intercept fire, even if it can be annoying some of the time. The various classes offer a wide range of deployment choices for most situations though belgian waffle girl tactics are as cheesy as they are great (I personally preferred lancing all the things with a certain armor support).The story is very ""war is bad"" and ""anime"" for what it is, but it's executed well enough and written with care regardless. The team took great care in making sure each of the characters had personality of some sort, if not a bit stereotyped at points for the sake of the story. While I'd write it off if it were any other game, I'm a sucker for the type of war drama offered up by it. I personally enjoyed the perspective offered through the main protaginist and his allies journey. Go into it with an open mind and you'll likely be pleased."
76561198072130676,Recommended,294860,28124798,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Капрал Мазурка,"Valkyria Chronicles - fully turn-based tactical strategy. Includes simplified base management, smooth tactical combat with few unconventional details, bunch of different soldier classes, broad storyline and remarkable characters, standalone skirmishes for practice and experience boost. WARNING: You will have to suffer through 3 hours of introduction before stuff above.Pros:-Visuals-Sounds and scores (sometimes reminds Batman from 1989)-Controls (full gamepad support)-Tactical approach-Unique usage of every class in batte-ReplayabilityCons:-Now Steam thinks I like anime, bakaDo not hesitate to buy, when you sick of XCOM."
,Recommended,294860,25936365,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,heybabyxxx,"Nice TBS game. It's not as great as XCOM or Final Fantasy Tactics, but the battles are long, diverse and there's room for several different strategies, even though there are only 5 classes of infantrymen and 2 tanks.The story, inspired by World War 2, but set in a fantastic world, is very good, although predictable and with some childish moments. You'll spend a long time going through dialogue and cutscenes.I played the main campaign once, on Normal (the highest difficulty for New Game), the “Behind Her Blue Flame” DLC (it was great playing as Selvaria, although obviously it was even easier than the main story) and most of the skirmishes (unfortunately, no new maps are introduced in the extras). I spent about 90 hours with this game and could've spent many more if I were after the 9 out of 20 achievements that I didn't get.P. S. I love you, Rosie."
,Recommended,294860,34358900,Posted: 19 August,all,Bob Tango,"A very fun Strategy/Third person shooter hybrid. Every Soldier has his or her own quirks that set them apart from each other, which can make you feel attached to them Xcom style. Character deaths are an event that can happen as well, and when they die, they are gone forever. The game has a very beautiful sound track, and is styled in a anime water color design, which in my opinion gives the game a very nice look.Overall I give this game an 8.5/10It is well worth the 20$ it is now, especially when it  comes with ALL the DLC."
,Recommended,294860,16326024,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cheev,"If XCOM and Fire Emblem ever had a baby, it would be this beautiful, beautiful game."
,Recommended,294860,12920643,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Joint,"What XCOM: Declassified Bureau should have been, It's like playing XCOM, third person with constant overwatch and a really interactive shooting and positioning system. Even if you don't usually play strategy games, if you're into third person shooters and want to TRY a strategy game involving some aiming and actual thinking, then this game is a fun purchase that you won't regret."
,Recommended,294860,12911133,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Onu,"only game that got me off 5 stacking in dota 2 10/10 would wait 4 years for another port.but honestly if u like turned based strategy, third person shooting, TANKS and raging at video games cause you get some strange enjoyment out of it like i do its the perfect game for you.pros:storycombat mechanicsart stylecons:also UI has lack of mouse controls which are frustrating at first but its still worth it.sometimes ai acts really dumb.WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE MY SEQUEL PORTS"
76561198118675036,Recommended,294860,34243168,Posted: 14 August,all,Solaar Noble,"Not technically an RPG and more of a visual novel that has tactical combat in it. There is a base hud where you can go to different menus, selecting chapters, reports, training your troops and even swapping your roster and equipment. After that you watch episodes until a fight ""scene"" would happen then you control the fight and your party. This system actually  makes the game amazingly relaxing and simple to play. The characters and story made this game for me as well. Each individual character has their very own background that you can unlock by using them in combat more and more. You get to see them grow throughout your play through. Some are amazingly loveable while other you just go ""why? This guy sucks!"". I played it in the english voiceover and suprisingly was not disappointed at all, some amazing and even familiar voice actors on the roster. This game can also be speed ran since you can skip all the cutscenes, has some great DLCs and even a new game + in case you let Wavy die like I did. All n all a solid enjoyment to play and highly recommended."
,Recommended,294860,16538893,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Poloski,"After witnessed The Walking Dead's ending, i though i would never cry again with a death scene.I was wrong.Boy, i was SO wrong.Also you go to war with waifu.10/10"
,Recommended,294860,13486118,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,tomato,that's dope.
,Recommended,294860,20154595,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MrTurboNinja,"Griszle: this gameGriszle: is so weeabooGriszle: its unrealGriszle: he talks to fish in the first 5 minsGriszle: wthGriszle: unreasonble arrestGriszle: the hell is this anime♥♥♥♥♥♥Griszle: alsoGriszle: theyre proper♥♥♥♥♥♥at shootingGriszle: like on par with stormtroopersGriszle: (PLAYING VALKRIA CHRONICLES BTW)Griszle: cheesy dialogue 101Griszle: ""ill do whatever it takes to protect the people of this town""Griszle: narrator reads proper slow tooGriszle: also alicia and welkin gonna bang???Griszle: rip windmill10/10 here's hoping alicia and welkin are gonnna bang"
76561198070863068,Recommended,294860,12945864,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jimbo,"Great game, much swag. All characters of this game blaze only the pure og dank kush"
,Recommended,294860,19545570,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,crnisokol,"Excellent hybrid of real-time and turn-based strategy (RPG / jRPG?). The combination of tactics on the strategic map and controlling a soldier in the TPS style is done well, although there are some minor issues. The story is good, although a bit cliched but nicely presented and the roster of characters is appealing. Visually game looks good, especially from the artistic side of things, although it's not a technical showcase - far from it. The music is pretty good and fits fine, but again nothing spectacular. Controls on the PC should have been better executed but after a little getting used to, it's good enough. For me, the biggest flaw of the game is pretty silly AI - often leaving troops in the wide open areas without cover, not using all action points, improper use of artillery and orders - true, they make up for it with sheer numbers of enemy soldiers but game is still a bit on easy side when you get used to mechanics and don't just rush forward with your troops (with exception of few missions).8,5/10"
,Recommended,294860,14225785,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hannibal,"Story wise:  It's like going to McDonald for a hamburger. They deliver, and you get what you ordinarily expect out of a hamburger.  It's no Mass Effect but you'll go home happy with a warm fuzzy feeling in your chest, with some fond memories of that chip with the right amount of crispness.Gameplay:  You enter a new restaurant not expecting anything in particular, you have some general ideas what you're getting, but the place bears little resemblance to your usual food joints.  They deliver. Not the usual 5-course meal that you come to expect with X-COM but with different and no less compelling twists and turns.  Once you know how the different elements of your dish come together, it's easy to swallow everything in a bite.  Some say it ruins the enjoyment but others take delight at finding out about such method.Alicia is a regular Lebron."
76561198068882292,Recommended,294860,12886816,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KnightXIII,"BUY IT, RUNS SMOOTH ON PC, NO LAG EXPERIENCED, IF YOU LIKE TURN BASED WWII THIS IS A GAME FOR YOU TO GET.IF U LIKE ANIME THIS IS ALSO A GAME TO GET. GALLIA TO ARMS ~!!CONTROLS WORKS FINE FOR MOUSE AND KEYBOARD AS WELL."
,Recommended,294860,21516662,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mas Ranjau,"Good Story, beautiful pencil colored animation,"
,Recommended,294860,30105365,Posted: 22 February,all,Phantom Renegade,"Valkyria Chronicles delivers an amazing story with interesting, original gameplay.I simply love how they delivered such a good story without easing on the gameplay; it's not the cutscenes that keep you hooked, but the played parts as well.The turn-based RTS combat is pretty fun. The game has a unique system, matching together turn-based combat with real-time elements. It also gives you a certain freedom: there are many different strategies you can use to approach a situation, (some better than others I assure you; sometimes one certain approach is forced) and many factors you can play with. For example, some people will perform worse when matched with certain characters; simply because they don't like them. In that way, you'll have to carefully set up the perfect squad that's also matching with the conditions on the battlefield.You can also level the characters in your squad and individually gear them. These and other factors, like permadeath(!) make the characters grow on you; you don't want them to die, and you'll start to take things personally (well, I did at least).It's not just the STORY that makes the characters grow on you, but the GAMEPLAY as well. In that way, the gameplay and story are matched perfectly.Sometimes the AI may perform bad. Though I'm thankful because if it didn't, the game would be too hard.This brings me to another point: the enemy is overpowered. They will always have better gear than you do. They are designed to actually make it feel like you're a small squad (militia at that, not a full army) just ordered to perfom some missions. Sometimes you actually feel underpowered but you still somehow find a way to beat the enemy, and this makes you feel like you actually achieved something. Again, story and gameplay fusing together very well.tldr; if story matters to you a lot in a game, buy Valkyria Chronicles. The gameplay does not ruin the story part at all; it's fused together."
76561197972720910,Recommended,294860,21308900,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Sega should have kept making games if they were all like this one.  The battle system in this is awesome.  The story is good and hooks you emotionally.  Not sure how I missed out on this one in the past, but I am damn happy I got to play through it.  Even if the story doesnt get you, that battle system will.  Can't count the amout of times I was holding my breath hoping for good RNG.  Thankfully this also has in battle saves.....  Fantastic game."
76561198018012587,Recommended,294860,27523515,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eliam,"I have played it in PS3 when it originally came out. I bought it again on PC, that should tell you something."
,Recommended,294860,34441099,Posted: 23 August,all,BumbleBear,What can i say abouth this game that will do it justice. Very little to be honest. The WWI inspired world is beautiful as is the mood and setting. The characters are fun and likable even if not terribly deep they still manage to get you to care about them as i found myself repeatedly reloading missions in order to ensure everyone in our little family got through the great war. Overall fun combat system for someone intereested in easy to pick up strategy. Reminds me of Skies of Arcadia a great deal.
76561198220223668,Recommended,294860,25715659,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,jamestkirk83,"Wow, this is an absolutely *epic* masterpiece that is simply one of the best games on Steam. This is honestly not just a must-play for strategy and JRPG fans, but everyone with a Steam account. I'd like to give a few of the reasons why this game is so great, and I'll close with a couple of slight nitpicks that are good to be aware of before you start to play. Overall, just buy this game!+ The tactical strategy/action battle system is really unique. The game is turn based, but you get to manually control your individual units, so you can place them behind cover, duck down into tall grass, get into position, fire, and then scramble back behind a rock or friendly tank. You’ll be able to command your units’ actions at a very detailed level. It's really satisfying to play a turn-based strategy game where you have so much control over your troops.+ The level of mission variety is incredibly impressive. It's never just about killing all the enemy troops or seizing the enemy camp. You'll sneak through enemy lines with a wounded comrade, slow the advance of a monstrous tank, storm a castle, fight in the trenches, etc. Every mission is different and you always need to stay on your toes.+ Beautiful and unique art style. It looks like a storybook in motion, the character designs are instantly iconic, and your entire company of troops has tons of personality.+ The story is fantastic. It’s quite thoughtful about war, death, camaraderie, and racism. It was really interesting to find that Welkin isn’t the typical anime hero who complains and whines about battle and fighting until he is forced to change his mind. He’s a scientist and a student, but he knows the stakes and he’s committed to the fight from the very start. The art style may seem very “anime”, but the storytelling doesn’t really have any of the “Shinji no baka!” and “Kyaa!” type of stuff that you may be dreading. There are a few brief apperances from a kind of mascot animal and, admittedly, a scene at the beach, but all that is handled with relative taste. Overall, if you like anime/manga war stories like the original Gundam, Gundam 8th MS Team, Macross, or Legend of the Galactic Heroes, this will be right up your alley.+ So much content. The game is long, challenging, and packed with story and things to do. In addition to the main missions, you get skirmish missions to train your troops, and you can unlock extra story chapters, some of which will give you new missions to play. You also automatically get the two DLC missions, which are great. There's a lot here to keep you busy!+ You can play the entire game in either the really good English dub or with the original Japanese voices.= In order to get the best rank in each mission, the game wants you to complete the mission in a certain number of turns, which usually means that you need to play in a very particular way. I didn't really mind...it depends on how much you care about getting S ranks on everything. It's also true that, if you don't care about your rank, you're pretty much open to play each mission however you want, and you can win in all sorts of ways and with many different deployment options. This will mostly come down to how you like to play.- The RNG can sometimes be a little funky. It’s frustrating to miss a practically point-blank shot with your lance or tank cannon. This gets better as your units level up, but there will be a few annoying ""how did I miss that shot?"" moments.- The subtitles for the Japanese language mode are actually ""dubtitles""...you're given a transcription of the English dub line, which isn't always exactly what the Japanese-voiced character is saying."
,Recommended,294860,30937101,Posted: 3 April,all,A Walrus,Thought I would hate the combat system.. But its actually really good.
76561198095141653,Recommended,294860,21775400,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jūbei Yagyū,"My rating for this game is an 10/10 this game has me speechless, please bring the other 2 to steam these games are very good."
76561198000521868,Recommended,294860,20729743,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,God-Emperor of Mankind,"Valkyria Chronicles is by far one of the best games i have played:- The story: is amazing, sure you have your ""anime 101"" some enjoy it and some dont. The story is a reinterpretation of WW2, with fantasy added to the story. as Juck Fames puts in his review: you will enter looking for fun but will emerge with feels- Gameplay: is a mix between 3rd person shooter and turn based strategy (3rd person x-com i've seen people call it). This sort of combat gets you in closer to the battle instead of just seeing everying from up high, and for me personally being able to control my Squad in 3rd person helped me feel more attached and bring the feeling of war far better. Unlocking special orders you can issue during combat for granting various bonuses is not only immersive but strategically important as you go along to put it in short: Your squad will die without orders from their commander.- The characters: you as a commander of Squad 7 is put in charge of gathering a fighting force and there is easily more than 40 different characters you can recruit into your squad each with their own name, backstory, strengths and weaknesses. Each character will have set of ""perks"" showing strengths and weaknesses for example some characters might have ""Sand allergy"" and thus thinking about bringing that particular unit to a desert battle is not a good idea as it will result in damage over time for due to the allergy but brining a ""City born"" to a fight in the city will increase his/hers defense. These characters can die on the field of battle and thus you will have to replace lost soldiers.- each battle scenario is scored with a grade A,B,C etc. and based on your grade the more XP and Currency you will recieve. I am not a huge fan of that as it temps the player to find the quickest way to complete a scenario(you dont have to look far on youtube before you can find a guide that shows which maps can be completed in 1 turn) but i can see the enjoyment of hunting A grades after completing the game therefor i would recommend when first playing this game to take it a bit slower and plan you moves.10/10 - Im off to do a 2nd playthrough! Squad 7, Move out!!"
,Recommended,294860,34341068,Posted: 18 August,all,✔kupis1408,"This game first caught my attention solely because their uniforms & tanks look great (of course, Japanese game & animation companies often use Nazi Germany elements as reference for their fictional military series). Surprisingly first 1-hour in, I got hooked with the story, it's like watching a movie at some point & later we get to take control of the game to determine how the next scene plays out.Overall, it's frustrating, it's challenging, but of course really fun & entertaining. It's like solving great puzzle in minimizing the risk of getting your squad members getting killed & you dont want them to die because every single one of them has unique traits & characters of their own.*Take note that If you are new to Turn-based strategy, get to know about it first or else you will find this game slow & boring since it relies heavily on tactical planning & strategy, not run & gun like your average 3rd-person shooter games out there."
,Recommended,294860,34680375,Posted: 2 September,all,Mama Sakura,"Loved this game. Only downside I found was controlling your tank with the mouse and keyboard. Other than that it's great.I do recommend doing your first playthrough without doing the extra missions however, because they do add in a powerful weapon that breaks the game a tiny bit in my opinion. With it you don't really feel many consequences for your actions."
,Recommended,294860,12909404,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,This game is mad addictive and loads of fun.It's also a dece port.Expect a more detailed review once I actually finish it.
,Not Recommended,294860,17627618,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Zedrin,"Shortened version:Pros-Side character designs, vices, and backstories are diverse and interesting-This is a good concept, even if it's horribly implemented.Cons-This game is SLOW. There are a LOT of loading screens, cutscenes you need to go through, in game cutscenes you can't skip, dialog bits, and even waiting for the enemy to move takes a long time-On that note, you can't fast forward enemy turns. Minimizing pauses the game as well.-This is a strategy game with a HEAVY reliance on random number generation and probability. Many chances are a complete hit or miss--you either succeed or fail catastrophically. Some people also refer to it as a JRPG, but the RPG elements are very limited.-That said, the game is also horribly imbalanced. Many of the super difficult missions can be beat in a single turn by exploiting certain properties of your classes, while others can be beat quickly with a scout rush. The random aspect actually contributes to this.-Characters fail to come across as realistic. They feel almost there, but still a step away from human. Repetitive dialog doesn't help.-Plot has some decisions that are questionable or just stupid. The ending in particular is senseless (more on that below).Full review:Valkyria Chronicles seriously felt like a giant 30 hour sludgefest. As in I was slowly wading knee-deep in swamp.Good god why would a strategy game rely on random chances and probabilities for 80% of its actions?Why are there so many loading screens? Why are there so many goddam cutscenes that, even if you can skip them, you still need to load and watch a second of them first?  Why are the credits unskippable?Why is the dialog so long? Half the time it doesn't feel at all realistic. When characters interact, they usually reaffirm what each other said about 3 times, and they do it via repetition. (E.g., paraphrased: “Wow this bread is good! You should open a bakery!” After saying this like 2-3 times, instead of responding with “I’ve thought about doing so” or whatnot, the other character responds with something much more repetitious like “I’ve always wanted to open a bakery.” This is just paraphrased and isn’t word for word how it went.) Character interactions constantly feel a step away from human, which while it gets the point across, rarely feels genuine.There was only one character death in the game that made me upset. The only other death I sympathized with wasn’t even a character with a name, nor were they an ally. The rest were anticlimactic, predictable, or just outright stupid. (”I love you so I’ll kill myself in a blaze of glory for your honor!” f**k my A-HOLE.)The worst offender was at the very end, when you defeat the final boss. You literally have him about to surrender. He's disarmed, his super weapon’s been powered down, he’s weak and surrounded. Yet even one of your friends shows up and grabs him only to kill the bad guy in a suicide maneuver to atone for how he hurt you and and another team member earlier int he game AND IT'S SO GODDAM UNNECESSARY I'M ACTUALLY MAD. There was literally NO realistic reason for him to kill himself nor the final boss when they could’ve easily apprehended him. The icing on the crap cake? He kills them both by pulling the baddy-mc-badguy into a pit on board the carrier you’re on, which causes his deactivated weapon to explode, which causes the carrier to start exploding and basically screws the two main characters over. (GOOD JOB ATONING FOR YOUR DICKISH BEHAVIOR.)Being an anime game of course there’s supernatural aspects, but it’s only ever used against you. One good character has special abilities, but they only show up in game context once for the first half of a single mission and you don't even get to control them at that time. That's literally it. It's a huge  letdown--I would've LOVED to turn the tables and command a super soldier against an impossible objective. If they wanted it to be a plot device, they should've kept that in cutscenes only, not actually put it in a mission and not let you use it.Gameplay wise I love the concept and attempt at the approach, but the reliance on random factors is maddening and outright stupid. The way the game is set up, either things will go perfectly, or they'll go horribly wrong. There is no in between.So you wind up saving at a spot just to avoid watching the debriefing cutscenes, and the unit positioning, and the map-start cutscenes, etc. Probably the start of your turn, or right before a big play. Now you have to hope a perk you have will activate or your character won't suddenly develop Parkinson's and miss a nearly point blank shot, and when things do go wrong and you do absolutely no damage because of it, you'll reload. If you forgot to save recently, then prepare to watch all the cutscenes that played all over again since your last save, watch all the dialog bits, over and over and over again, until finally the RNG system stops jerking with you and you can move on.Whether or not it works in your favor, because of the random aspect most missions you can just rush a full scout team and have them slip in and capture the objective. Balancing is non existent. There is no difficulty curve, just a probability curve. Skirmishes can be beaten in 1-3 turns via a scout rush. Campaign missions can be anywhere from as much of a cakewalk, or can be absolute bull difficulty unless you know how to exploit the class imbalance. (One 'difficult’ boss that can kill your units in milliseconds if you don’t have cover can be beat in a single turn with just a smoke bomb and 3 snipers. Another can be beat in a single turn just by rushing shocktroopers.)Oh and of course, as you’re moving a unit around, if a perk activates randomly you’ll suddenly freeze and have a little mini-cutscene appear on screen as they say something gloaty, and then they get a perk to activate. Sometimes they can activate repeatedly during the same turn, btw. (Yay perk, boo WASTING MY TIME AND DISRUPTING MY MOVEMENT. One of Ted’s perks activated literally 3 times in a single move.)The game has a horrible habit of also changing mission objectives on you at random, without warning. One mission has two tanks spawn on opposite ends of the map. The only way to beat this mission is if you knew in advance that these tanks were going to spawn, and you equipped both of your own with anti armor rounds so you could actually kill both of them.My profile shows 30+ hours of play. About 40% of that was actually my gameplay. The rest was watching (and rewatching) cutscenes (some of which were unskippable), waiting for loading screens (there's plenty to go around!), and waiting for the enemy to make a move (even after they pulled some RNG bull and killed a key position of mine. Wanna restart? Too bad: you can't pause in the middle of enemy movement. You have to wait for their AI to tediously and meticulously finish. Even if they can easily kill you in their first move of their turn, they may decide to wait and finish you off during their last move.)I like a lot of the side characters you can put on your squads for their designs and backstories, and I feel like this system has a lot of potential, but beyond that this game was incredibly frustrating and slow as crap.I don't know why I bothered to finish this game. It was ticking me off for a while, and still does aggravate me."
,Recommended,294860,13920748,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,RedShocktrooper,Beautiful game with excellent gameplay and good plot.
,Recommended,294860,12885756,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Okayest Zenyatta NA,i would like to thank the lord for porting this to the pc
,Recommended,294860,18596073,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,texhnolyze,"The best PS3 JRPG on Steam, ported with love."
,Recommended,294860,12891543,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Valkyria Chronicles is better than sliced bread.And I was pretty hyped for slice bread too.Valkyria Chronicles is a quality tactical turn based third person shooter, a concept unique in its own right and near groundbreaking during the time of its original release. The game is set in a world war II environmen drawing heavily on real world issues to fuel the story with that fantasy JRPG flair to it. The environments and artstyle have that cell shaded appearance and makes the world more immersive and allows the game to age like a fine wine.The gameplay mixes turn based combat where either side moves their troops and takes turns going after one another.  When it is your turn, you actively take control of your soldiers in a third person shooter style, whereby you move based on your stats and then enter a firing mode. The gameplay is mission based and the story component is told through cutscenes and mission dialogue, the mix works well athough it does seem a bit disjointed in terms of the journal setup. The classes are all moderately balanced although you will typically just focus on select characters as they ""carry the fight"" and the character cast makes every soldier feel unique. The cast of characters each have their own backstory with priority given to those in the main story arch of course, however completionists will enjoy utilizing all the characters and trying out multiple approaches to beat the missions.Full recommendation, regardless of whether you are a fan or this knd of genre or not, has tactical, JRPG, and WWII stylized elements all combined in the perfect blend to create an unforgettable gaming experience."
,Recommended,294860,29914405,Posted: 13 February,all,King Slimload,"""I was blessed with two wonderful fathers""-Isara"
,Recommended,294860,12973271,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Julio Goldberg,9/10-1 for filthy Darcsen scum
,Recommended,294860,23263441,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,U B E R,10/10 sniper can miss a shotexcept marina.
,Recommended,294860,15097113,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mutant1988,"A fantastic and unique hybrid of real time action and strategy RPG gameplay with a strong memorable cast of characters, interesting world and absolutely gorgeous graphics.Definitely worth playing.Note: It is a great port, apart from it acting weird if your frame rate exceeds 60.Original frame rate on the console was 30 and it can be set to that if you want an authentic experience. It's not a fast paced shooter so this should not have any significant impact on your ability to play."
,Recommended,294860,12885634,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,World War II: The Anime: The Game.10/10 best fish sketches I've ever seen
,Recommended,294860,18971305,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Arconas,"When I got this game for the ps3, I never made time to play it. Now that it's been released for the pc, I completed it after a good 50 hours (I tend to take my time with games). My reaction to it is really positive.Positives- Beautifull anime styled graphics- A serious story with some elements inspired from WW2- Likeable characters- The gameplay and music- Most missions- Good portMixed- Some parts of the story- Some people will not enjoy the anime like presentationCons- Cinematics are in a lower resolutionI liked this game a lot more than I thought. It is also a fine port (higher than 1080p and 60fps) in comparison with the ps3 version which could only produce 720p graphics. It's certainly a game I wish to play again sometime in the future and i hope sega will come around to produce more of this type of game. I can only recommend this game."
76561197983251329,Recommended,294860,12890211,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NoSpoilage,I could go another round!
76561197967468466,Recommended,294860,12896348,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Star,Simply put a Incredible good port and such an Awesome game holy hell BUY IT well if you like JRPG / Action / tactical games :P
,Recommended,294860,12907862,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Red Satoshi,"I have played the sequel on the PSP and like it (sadly i didn't finish it and wanted to also play the 3rd version which I hope makes it way on to PC) I'm glad I ordered it yesterday (yay I saved $2.) any way this is a fun game and possible one of the best games from SEGA in recent years and I would recomend this to any one that wants to try something a bit differnt because this isn't your typical turned based JRPG but a little something different. I liked the fact that I was reading Megatokyo and in one of the rant DOM was saying how much he liked the game.Now stop reading this ""horrible"" review and start playing the game already."
,Recommended,294860,15166657,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SpottyDrizzle,"Excellent. Slow to start, but picks up in a big way. 9/10"
76561198051191917,Recommended,294860,20058275,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Darcore,"This is one kind of a game! Is like mixing the good turn-based RPG style with some aiming/strategy/shooting action!! You really feel in a battlefield with all the nice sound effects (such as your allies calling for help or asking if you are alright!), the difficulty is a bit harder than expected but that is one of the good things!, you actually have to think what your next move is gonna be! (take a risk or play safe) even a single turn wasted could change everything!. Aside from all the sweet gameplay the history is pretty nice, is like watching an anime with a good plot...some drama, love, friendship, etc.Well to end this, I will just say that i played like 25 hours to just get to the end of the game (damn that freaking last boss is hard as hell). So if you love fire emblem/ advanced wars rpg you really need to buy this! don't even think it twice!"
,Recommended,294860,20060362,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ᅚᅚ,"Game, despite its age, is still pretty good and fun to play, and here is a friendly tip, avoid picking susie as a scout, she have humanterian potential wich could prevent her from attacking foot soldiers x.x, everyone else for your squad are good.this game also come with its expension packs, so its a no brainer to get it if its on sale :3"
,Recommended,294860,20387228,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Darkside_Hero,One of the best J-stratagy games out there. Here's hoping to a steam release of part 2 & 3.
76561198105529222,Recommended,294860,16310447,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jacob,"A really good game. The interception fire mechanic is what I like the most in this game, as well as the personalities of the soldiers. Very much worth buying with your money and playing the game with your time."
76561198052578521,Recommended,294860,16926837,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,lightning289,"If you are into war games and love tactical play, this Game is for you!!! The wonderful story of the characters as they face even thougher challenges really draws you into the story. Even the backstory of the antagonist( Selevaria Bles) will really draw you in to love the character! The hours spent into trying to win a map is really rewarding and the balance between gameplay and storytelling is there. If you love anime too, this game is for you!!! overall, i rate this game 10/10."
,Recommended,294860,20029411,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[EH] Kodiak,I had no idea what I was getting in to when I started this up. Strategic turn based infantry combat that's great fun.
,Recommended,294860,15884863,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Suga★Kookie,"I saw the anime way back and really liked it, good story and characters. And then I came across this in Steam.The anime and this game harmonizes with each other beautifully, soft and vibrant water-color, great in-game music and awesome characters (familiar faces and new ones too) & backstory, totally works hand-in-hand with the anime. Did I mention the fantastic voice actors?  Looks pretty and all but it's challenging as well (MASSIVE ENEMY TANKS TAKE 30+ MINUTES TO DESTROY).Overall a great game to play! <3"
,Recommended,294860,12949456,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,scsa20,"One of the best games I've played on the PS3 now available on the PC that I've died and went to hevean. Sure, only 12.7 hours into it right now since I play a few chapters after work and before going to bed (I don't dare play before work because I would be clocking in 2+ hours late if I even show up).The graphics is great even if they do use the same ones from the PS3 version.The story is great, it has nice feels to it. It's, just, so, beatiful... So much so that I got my supervisor playing it."
,Recommended,294860,19508168,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SwagWizardSupreme,">spend whole game training shocktroopers>check out command room>whothe♥♥♥♥iswendy.flv>recruit wendy>make wendy violently kill several thinking, feeling, number-generating human beings>""Heehee... yay..."">wendy best girl"
,Recommended,294860,14556784,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Killedinadream,"I really enjoy Valkyria Chronicles, in spite of itself.I'm going to start with some of the game's flaws:Navigating the game's menus are terrible.The story is pretty terrible.The game continually asks ""Are you sure?"" after every selection.You have to go back to HQ after EVERY mission to level troops, upgrade weapons, micromanage who is in play. It's great to have cusomization, but sometimes it goes too far.There is no auto-save, and you have a limit in the number of saves you can have.Scouts become incredibly overpowered as the maps become bigger and bigger. Movement becomes king, and the Randgrizer that elite scots get dominate the game.In spite of everything, I deeply love this game. It provides an almost X-Com Enemy Unknown level of intrigue. Each level is akin to solving a puzzle. For a wide array of characters, each one does have some personality and you find yourself attached to specific members of your squad. The gameplay in missions and skirmishes makes Valkyria Chronicles shine, in spite of all of its flaws. When you conquer a particuarly frustrating mission, it feels great."
76561198133556728,Recommended,294860,20860451,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Malorp,"It's a beatifull game with a brilliant gameplay and a sweet, funny, serious story, but come on guy... 2nd europan war? Most creative writer ;)"
,Recommended,294860,16343819,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Perogi Palooka,"Such an amazing turn based strategy game. If you're a fan of the genre, don't mine the chineese cartoon aesthetic and jump right in; Valkyria Chronicels has a lot to give in terms of story, depth, strategy, and replayability."
,Recommended,294860,20985509,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,taha.1411,good game good story good draw
,Recommended,294860,13690260,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DeanTheAdequate,"This is a simple but very enjoyable tactical action(ish) game.  Taking the role of an officer of a standard unit, you decide the best way to arrange and utilize your forces in a series of skirmishes.  Added to this plain setup is your own skill in determining limited placements in real time unit movement.  This is something that would liven up any sort of strategy game rather than being rather cleverly disguised hex movements.The art and design of the game is very pleasing, even to non-anime fans.  There are anime tropes involved, but being a Japanese production of late that can't be helped.  Even so, it's story is rather well thought out even with the more mystical elements in this rather subdued tale of kinda/sorta Dieselpunk action.I reccomend everyone try this one, and hop that they can port the sequels easily... even though they are on the PSP."
76561197991602575,Recommended,294860,18063010,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Crabby_Bastard,"This was one of my favourite Sony exclusives last gen - great story, atmosphere, characters and game play and full of heart and charm. A must play game!"
,Recommended,294860,17037529,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Kungu,A jap port that isn't♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,294860,21045568,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dioavila,"Never wrote a review, but this game really made me wanna do it.First of all, I bought this game for 2 reasons: It's a RPG, and I liked the idea, when it was on sale I went for it. Jackpot.Pros:This game is great, the story, the characters, main ones and the sides, to the point I didn't change my original squad, except once, because I didn't want anyone to leave.As for the gameplay It gives you a nice challange mostly on the later stages that can get quite hard. Also, the way the combat is handled is really strategic, and feels good to play.Cons:For me the only thing I thought was missing was some more ways to interact with the squad members, and the ""encyclopedia"" was not enought for me.Some people may be turned down by the pace, since it's just either cutscenes or battle, but it wasn't an issue for me since nowdays it seems like cutscenes are forgotten. *cof* (MGSV) *cof*At the end I loved the game, good story, good tatical combat and when you finish it, you feel accomplished. Go buy it!"
76561198051199425,Recommended,294860,21101216,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JasonL,"I just got into it, but I love this game!"
,Recommended,294860,18068820,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,PaladinCrusaderX hellcase.com,"This is recommended game for the JRPG lovers out there. The storyline is very good. There are sad, happy and angry moments in the game. During battles the game can be really intense considering you will be facing heavy tanks, Invulnerable Ship and an Immortal enemy which can bring huge trouble to you and Squad 7. Timing and positioning is also very important as you have limited mobility. Not to mention ammo consuming for Grenades (Scout & Engineer) and Ammunition (Lancers & Snipers). Enemies have good positioning (hiding and movement). As you play this game you should try to unlock and get as many things as you can but it will also vary on your result in the gameplay. DLC's gameplay are also good but far more difficult, DLC's has a side-storyline from both factions which are pretty good and it does have some somewhat funny yet (mildly) disturbing moments and not forgetting hard battles in DLC's. Overall this game is very good and I hope the next Valkyria Chronicles will be out soon."
,Recommended,294860,19820637,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Nice little alternative history strategy game. Animu +1
,Recommended,294860,12908686,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"Finish PS3 version and play World War Moe again now in 1080p and 144fps.No rebalances, straight port from PS3.Scout rushes and order abuse still works.Can't even see the loading screen.Can't even see the saving screen oh god is it broken, dayum digga, u save so fast.Savescumming.Why are you even savescumming?Edy still best girl.There is no VC2, do not bother.11/10. Someone tell Sega and their marketing to not be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and put VC series on non-mobile and non-portable versions."
,Recommended,294860,12909788,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[JDC] Taigastyle,"A wonderful tale of love and bravery. As an RPG and strategy game enthusiast, this game provides the best of both worlds through its unique combat system and engaging story.Valkyria Chronicles is an innovative and amazing game, and the PC port gives it the detail and resolution it deserves."
,Recommended,294860,12910678,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sophie Neuenmuller,10/10
,Recommended,294860,12914595,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Warseed,Great game!!! Feels just like when I was playing on the PS3 but better!!
,Recommended,294860,12907548,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sieghardt,"Even if you hate RPGs with a passion, or even SRPGs in particular, this game is unique enough and charming enough to be enjoyable as it does away with a lot of tedious grinding and other such common problems. The battle system is quite unique and the individuality of the potentials for each character, granting positive and negative effects is both strategically very fun and also makes you love the characters more. It brings a lot of dynamics to building your team and really makes you care if a key person dies in battle. The main cast cant die permanently but secondary characters can, though it isnt as much of a pain as other permadeath systems as you're given 3 turns to touch the fallen character with another character, who then calls a medic to save them.It has a huge cast of really varied characters of all ages and walks of life, most of which are very lovable and funny with a couple being pointedly jerks to the extent of also being amusing. There are some truly epic set piece battles like nothing I've ever seen in a strategy game before, they're absolutely intimidating and overwhelming at first and give a fantastic sense of achievement when completed. It's dual audio but the dub is extremely high quality so you can feel absolutely safe to go with either option."
76561197962236620,Recommended,294860,12907867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PUИISHED SИAKE,"Windows XP users:  People on the forum confirmed it can run on Windows XP!- A cult classic on the PS3 with one of the greatest soundtracks of all time.- A very high quality port with many graphics options, including support for 60Hz, 120Hz, and 144Hz refresh rates.- The game also supports higher than 1080p resolutions, including 4K.  Whatever your monitor and graphics card can support, it can run it.- This is one of the greatest PC ports of all time, and I hope SEGA continues with these new consumer friendly policies in the future.- For this bargain deal of a price, even that's not on sale, you'll play one of the best hidden gem games on the PS3, with enhanced graphics and sound, with all of the DLC included.  A must have for sure!!"
76561198045543231,Recommended,294860,12916455,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sarcastic Zebra,"With only a few hours worth of experience, here's what I've noticed so far.Pros:-The option to choose between audio languages! This option is sadly not included in many English releases of Japanese games these days, but I'm happy to say that it is here. Having the option to choose between either full English voices or full Japanese voices is awesome, especially when the subtitles don't move too slowly or too quickly under the cutscenes. In terms of which you should choose, I would personally choose the Japanese audio.- The graphics are quite good. The watercolor-esque art style makes the game look very appealing. In addition, the added graphics control options, although not very numerous, still get the job done, making a game released in 2008 comparable to more modern games.- I'm happy to report that the port quality here is notably good. With recent disasters like Deadrising 3 and Watch_Dogs, I was expecting at least a few problems, but that's not the case. The game features keyboard support as well as controller support, with full interfaces for both. The keyboard controls take a bit of getting used to, but they're there, which still is a plus. The game runs smoothly, and I haven't noticed any glitches or bugs yet. Also, Steam Achievements are included, as are trading cards.-All DLC is included- Parts of the story are very good. It's rare for a war game to delve into genocide and neutrality like VC does. Even within the first hour you're witness to both of these oft-unused themes. Best of all, it's handled in a even-handed way, and it's interesting to see that it's not just the enemy that persecutes, but some of the hireable squad members are persecutors as well. I also like how the squad members each appear visually different, even if they lack a major role in the story.-Combat is fun, and the strategy aspect is present. Interesting mechanics like the ""land potentials"", which give bonuses and penalties to certain soldiers when they're on certain terrain, add another layer of strategy to the combat. The game's active aiming system also makes it fun to use the weapons. Finally, while active and fast-paced strategy are needed (especially when enemies fire at you while you move in real time, not just at the end of turns), the early game does a great job explaining the systems without holding your hand too much (if you die once, your second attempt won't display all the tutorial messages you've already seen.)Mixed:- While I like the story overall (see above), some of the individual characters feel a bit stilted. I think this will pan out later in the game, but some of the early game interactions still seem awkward, and some of the classic anime stereotypes do exist. This isn't a big problem for me, since I don't mind some corny dialouge and hyperbolized personalities, but I do see how this could be a turn-off for the non-anime group.-The squad size seems a bit large already. I tried out a skirmish, and found that I only used a few of the many soldiers I deployed. While this can be fixed by well, deploying fewer soldiers, I'm afriad that the game is going to eventually force me to use more troops than I'll be able to command.- I wish there were more gameplay options to choose from. I wouldn't mind the ability to turn off the ""aim lines"" that give you the positions of your target, or the ability to only see an enemy on you're map when they fire at you or they are in your line of sight. It's a small complaint, but I feel that it would make me change up my tactics, and provide more of a challenge.Verdict:Overall, Valkyria Chronicles is a excellent example of how a port should be done. The port keeps the great original game intact while still making sure that the game is accesible to PC gamers (the system requirements aren't very intensive at all.) Couple this with a $19.99 price tag (US) and the inclusion of the game's DLC, and you have a game that's very much worth your money."
,Recommended,294860,19816998,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SleepyStar☆,One of the most engaging and unique stategy games i've ever played.
,Recommended,294860,12890414,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Whoa you go big guy!,"Great Game, fun tactics, Scouts OP"
,Recommended,294860,12907932,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AdeptusAstartes,"If you like Tactical RPGs, and can appreciate the *very* Japanese style, you're in for an awesome game."
,Recommended,294860,12909105,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Shoozle,"Pop pop pop, watching anime nazis drop.It's a really fun game honestly. Fun, lots of hidden content.Aiming has issues now and then if you are up close to an enemy and my save file mysteriously vanished but it's still fun to play. A lot of hours worth for the price."
76561198005324237,Recommended,294860,12916102,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mcgarvey,"This is a really enjoyable game with what appears so far to have a good story line. For gamers like me who have missed this title on the PS3, the gameplay is a hybrid of XCOM and Fire Emblem. The game progresses through cut scenes and you play the combat missions(which are extremely enjoyable), after the first couple of chapters you will gain access to the 'barracks' where the player can upgrade weapons and recruit new members etc. where the fun really begins! Well worth the price for anyone looking for a fun and challenging stategy game."
,Recommended,294860,14392597,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,cheese on a board,Great game. 9.5/10. Minus .5 for going on sale when I already owned the game.
76561198008899722,Recommended,294860,16711854,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"Valkyria Chronicles is a somewhat typical S/TRPG (strategy/tactical RPG) that's been wrapped in a beautiful artistic vision and unique gameplay persepctive.  Most of the common elements of tactical RPGs are here.  Take control of the units you've selected from your squad, place them within your starting area and using Command Points move them during your turn within their movement radius and take one action.  Once all the command points have been spent the turn is passed to the AI who does all their moves and then again back to you tiill either the objective is completed or failure on your part.There are 5 of classes in the game, Scout, Shocktrooper, Lancer, Engineer and Sniper.  Also there is a tank(s) that you command as well as the different classes.  Before each map you can choose what number soldiers from each class you take into the battlefield, some maps may require to load up on certain classes while forgoing a class entirely.  Most of the classes are also able to choose between a couple of different weapons/load outs so you can either favour accuracy, damage or status effects.  In addition to different classes and load outs there are also various orders to be given in battle (each order costs command points).The best parts of the game to me were the Characters, level design and perspective.  The third person perspective made for a unique experience in a tactical RPG rather than a typical grid.  The Characters were great.  The design to them as well as their lore all worked to drawyou in to the RPG experience.  And lastly the level design.  There was a good variety of levels, from cities, to forests and deserts.  The levels also had different design elements and objective focuses to make each level interesting as well as replayable.Some of the things that I was Neutral on was the Story and Leveling/progression system.  After each victory you would be awarded a certain number of EXP points that could be spent on the training grounds to level up characters.  Leveling up the characters didn't really result in traidtional RPG gains but would be used to unlock various class traits that would affect how that a character of that class would react to certain battlefield conditions.  The leveling up seemed to have a minimal effect on things like HP (your starting HP won't be much different from end game HP).  I did like that there was a variety of skirmish missions that could be done to grind for more experience or gold.Some of the things I didn't like about the game were the Story, the interface and randomness.  The story was okay, but was very typical of a JRPG.  There was only one moment for me in the entire story that wasn't just generic JRPG storyline.  Some of the big suprises were not very surprising and a lot of characters took very generic character paths, which is sad cause the I like the characters themselves, they had charm.  As for the interface, there are a few things missing from the game that feel like it should be there.  You can only save outside of missions, there is no ability to save mid mission and with some missions that are on the longer side, it can be a bit of a pain.  As well you are shown how many shots it will take to kill an enemy (body vs head) but you are not given any percentages on if those shots will actually hit the target, so you are told that it will take 4 shots to kill an enemy but you are not told that you might only have a 50% chance of hitting the target.  The AI could also be kind of infuriating because there is no option to skip the opponents turn animations (as far as I figured out anyways) and on some of the maps there is a lot of enemy actions to go through.  Some of the Keyboard and Mouse controls can also be kind of wonky.  Driving the tank(s) with Keyboard and mouse can be very very frustrating.  One last thing I didn't really enjoy was that for the majority of the game you could load up on one character class with 2-3 other classes as support to power through the game.Overall I felt that the game is very solid and definately worth the time to go through.  The game can be found on sale pretty often these days for 5-10$ so it's pretty solid value as well."
,Recommended,294860,13606161,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,-=☞Gopher☜=-,"Excelent game, can get frustrating at times when istep on a landmine :)"
76561198164025199,Recommended,294860,19125154,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,matthewbrazwell,"I've completed the game on the PS3, as well as the 2nd game on the PSP. Got to the 3rd from last chapter on Steam, so guess I'll go ahead and give my feedback. =)Graphics: 9.5/10Very unique animation. Looks like everything was hand drawn and painted. Probably one of, if not the, most gorgeous styles I've ever seen. The animations as well are very well done, almost like a full on anime (which the series has). Would almost recommend the game on the graphics alone.Gameplay: 9/10I loved the gameplay. It gave me the feeling of a Visual Novel for the side dish, and a strategic role playing shooter for the main dish. It was very well planned out and the tactical combat got very intense at some points. This is the second thing that would make me gurrantee recommendations to others. Most, if not all, SRPG lovers will adore this game, me being one of them.Characters: 10/10The best part of the whole game. The characters were absolutely amazing. You will be introduced to only three at first, but will increase drastically throughout the story. All the main characters are highly memorable, and even all the side-characters have their own story in the game that you can unlock. Im'ma stop myself before I spoil, but know that this is the main reason I would recommend this series to people.Story 9.5/10Just like with the graphics, I was this close  (|-|) to recommending the game based on the beggining of the story alone. The story is absolutely amazing, getting detailed from beggining to end. Heck, there was a anime made for the series due to how amazing it was. The only reason, I mean the only reason, I didn't put 10/10 for this series is due to the fact I have seen a select few flaws here and there. If not for those minor flaws, it would be a 10. Then again, most people wouldn't even notice them if they didn't play the game multiple times. XDOver-All: 9.5/10I would most definately recommend this to anyone who loves a great story, SRPG, beatuiful graphics, or all of these. Valkyria Chronicles is a amazing game whom's disc I won't be getting rid of for a long time to come.Nominated for the ""Not mentioned"" reward as a ""Great Graphic style"" nominee.=)"
,Recommended,294860,12936400,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"Amazing depth, visuals, and the port makes it feel as though PC is the true home for this game."
,Recommended,294860,14594577,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"In general, I hate war games. I just bought this one because it had a female protagonist and a good price, and for the first time I've played, I just could not turn off the computer for the entire night!Everything about this game is incredible: the storyline, the music and, mainly, the awesome battle in turns and strategy, it's just fantastic. It offers you a good level of difficulty, and doesn't matter how many times you die until you get all mission with rank A because the graphics are so marvelous that you just don´t get tired of playing it.And yes, it's a war game with a lot of female characters (who fancies both men and women), and this is just awsome.Everyone should try this game for sure!"
,Recommended,294860,16437883,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Skoll,"A very solid tactical RPG/strategy game in the vein of X-Com. Vakyria Chronicles puts its own spin on things, allowing you to directly control the members of your squad as if it were a third person shooter. This makes the game quite engaging as puts you directly in the battlefield instead of just being a cold detached overhead observer.Your units all have their own personalties (some better than others) and quirks, such as hating city environments, ""fancying"" a certain gender, or claustrophobia, all of which have an effect on that characters stats or their squads stats. Additionally money and experience earned on missions can be spent to upgrade your units and their gear.The game is quite story heavy at times, luckily it's actually a pretty good story with decent writing, better than ""Oh no, aliens are attacking, kill them. Oh no, more aliens!"" in any case. The setting is essentially ""WWII but not actually WWII"", pitting Western democracies of Europa (definitely not like Europe in any way, don't be silly) against the East Europan Empire which is Soviet Russia or National Socialist Germany or something. Sometimes you might wish they would hurry things up so you can get back in the action, but the story is engaging enough that you probably won't want to skip the cutscenes. The voice over work is pretty good overall considering it's a dub, at the very least it isn't distracting. Battle SFX are good as well.Some people probably won't be able to look past the anime-esque artstyle although it's not as in your face as some other games. This is a port and it shows: limited graphics options and the controls are bit odd. The mouse can be used in battles just fine but for whatever reason it can't be used to navigate menus. Tank controls definitely leave a bit to be desired at times as well.Overall a solid 8.5-9/10."
76561198046483845,Recommended,294860,13809534,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The nameless Commander,"If you like turn-based tactical RPGs, you'll love Valkyria Chronicles. If you don't, give it a try anyway, you might change your mind!Now that I've completed the game, it's time for a somewhat more elaborate reasoning why the game is worth your time.Visually, the game is very appealing unless you hate anime with a passion. The watercolour style art is pleasant for the eyes although it does diminish the warlike feel a bit.The sound component is not exactly stellar, but it's far from being bad. Voice acting: Regardless of which voiceover you choose, you shouldn't have a problem with it. All in all, the sound is good enough.So where does this game get to shine? It's of course the fun and challenging missions. Even though the AI tends to sometimes do ridiculous things, every victory feels like it's deserved. A fair number missions will truly test your strategies, and a few of them will test your patience as well. In particular, boss fights often require some serious thought. Be patient, observe and try things out. And if you do get stuck, the community is happy to help, just ask.Onto the flaws: It is mostly addressing people who love a good challenge and can appear unpatronizing to an average gamer.Second, the ranking system, which only rewards a quick completion of missions rather than tactics, which is a bit absurd, considering that a war-themed game SHOULD be a lot about tactics. But still, you can ignore the ranking system, as you can always replay the main story missions (and skip almost all cutscenes in the runs after the 1st) as many times as you like and try to get an A-rank.The verdict: 9.1/10"
76561198005174612,Recommended,294860,12932057,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,TheCherry,"This is how you make a port.The game is great! Good story, good strategic elements, nice graphics, etc."
76561198079661701,Recommended,294860,12934983,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Baron-Lutz,"This game truly was a masterpice.With artistic graphic, interesting story, good soundtrack, and good gameplay. Definitely not regret buying this game."
76561198054564567,Recommended,294860,18079661,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Lord Tabalt,"Totally awesome, super worth it (the cpu cheats alittle) but it's super fun!..........................................but then i found out that there is an anime versoin of this game..............and now i'm losing my mind!!!! :D"
,Recommended,294860,16396952,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,OzzyOutrage,"Well considering that I have played 26 hours in a span of 3 days, if you were to ask me if I enjoyed this game I would slap you across the face and question your sanity. In short this game is a huge time waster for people that enjoy JRPGs and SRPGs.Whenever I play this game I get a feeling that only Fire Emblem has made me feel so far. Maybe that's the reason I adore Valkyria Chronicles so much!"
,Recommended,294860,16731965,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FinalDingo,"I cannot believe I have not found this gem before. It is one of the best genre mashup games I have played. The story is compelling, the characters are dynamic within the narrative and on the battlefield. Some of the most expansive RPG elements for a story based strategy game."
76561198041766760,Recommended,294860,16721141,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Coldest Elm,That moment when you're an hour into a battle and a lancer pops up behind your tank.10/10 would RQ again.
76561198140897644,Recommended,294860,16663415,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sergeant NlGGER FAG0T,A really chalenging rpg/stratigy game I say 10/10.
76561198025251620,Recommended,294860,20363175,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Noumenon72,The unit abilities make sense and let you build solutions to the levels like puzzles. The PC port is very solid and doesn't crash. Never gets boring.
,Recommended,294860,14549752,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,AlphaSixNine,Great game. Need I say more?
,Recommended,294860,13806802,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Little Slap & Tickle,"just a short review:pretty much the best game i have played in 2014, with a great story that kept me on edge in places and great gameplay.only problems i had was with the port, fiddley menu controlls and awkward tank driving.all in all 9/10 a must play in my opinion."
,Recommended,294860,13605010,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Actual Steve Buscemi,"Would I recommend this game? Abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely. I've wanted this game since its console release, but could never get my hands on a copy.  I gotta hand it to Sega, they really came through with this port. Other game companies should take note on how it's done. The tank controles when using a keyboard and mouse are a bit janky, but it's not too big of an issue. Amaing story, and fantastic gameplay."
,Recommended,294860,14550172,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Mage,"Its a fun solo game that would be better with multiplayer but oh well...Just note this is fire emblem hit percentages so even though you look like you will hit you will most likely miss, just so you keep that in mindPlayers lost in game wont come back either, though you have 5 turns to get to them to save them OR beat the level before 5 turns. if the enemy touches the downed person they are lost for good as well."
76561198040724735,Recommended,294860,23971130,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,emaughan,"Very well done game with great story. This game has heart, art and a well thought out tactical game to compliment the story."
,Recommended,294860,15673982,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Neku,"Someone named ""Kevin"" actually carried me to victory.11/10"
76561197992339924,Recommended,294860,12989469,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Professor Cuckulus,Bought for 20 bucks. Not too shabby.
76561198063913127,Recommended,294860,12891787,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Neutronux,"It got me as the PS3 version did. Roundbased / realtime tactical mix at it's best with nice painted graphics, music and characters that are worth to remember. The whole progress of the game steps forward as reading chapters in a book. At battles you move your players for a short time (enemy shot back while you do) until your command points are used - then the enemy strikes back. Compared to the console version the videos might look a bit low-res (but still ok) on your full-hd screen while battles even work in high resolutions and it's well playable with controller or mouse/keyboard. I hope even the PSP version from VC2 would be ported and for sure some VC3 in future :)"
,Recommended,294860,13636654,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wildjäger,"Immersed so much in the game, I played it 2 days straight till it finishes."
,Recommended,294860,13491180,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NOPper,"So...First off, don't listen to the folks who call it XCOM or Final Fantasy Tactics style. This is something else that I can't quite classify. You have a certain amount of points you can spend on actions each round from an overview of the battlefield marking known troop locations and terrain features. Soldiers use one point, your uber-tank uses 2 per turn. You can use the same unit multipe times each turn, but you lose movement every time you do. When you select a unit, you're dropped into a 3rd person position in control of them and you have a meter that is burned while you run/take cover. During this time enemies are shooting at you eternally until you take the one shot you're alloted or end the turn. If you stand there not burning your turn energy, you'll die from enemy fire. When you go into shoot mode, the game pauses to let you line up your shot and take it. Then if you have any energy left you can dart back to cover, or just end the turn.Between rounds your units heal a little, or a ton if they are in favorable conditions, like a camp. It's pretty sweet actually.The real unique system here is that every troop you field (and there are dozens to pick from) has a unique set of personality traits that can give benefits and disadvantages during combat. As you train the squad more traits are unlocked, for better or for worse. Some units like others, and this causes special events to trigger when they are close to one another. It's as confusingly deep as any JRPG, but isn;t too hard to wrap your head around.You can spend XP and cash earned to upgrade weapons and tank modules. There is a set of skirmish maps that aren;t tied to the story you can repeat endlessly for XP/cash, but if you lose a unit in them they're still gone forever.Bottom line: 10/10. Solid port, fun story so far, and I want to keep playing instead of doing Dad stuff or sleeping."
76561198202160394,Recommended,294860,18026072,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SuperSweeper,Why don't you already have this?
,Recommended,294860,12935389,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vodoka,"Awesome game and fantastic port, and it's cheap as hell too."
76561198046772012,Recommended,294860,33188304,Posted: 3 July,all,snowdragonx,"I love the gameplay style of this game. Learn of it when I was playing Valkyria Chronicle on the PSP and eversince then I have fallen in love with those game. So much fun to play, not to hard and the story is awesome. I need more of this kind of game."
76561198062983847,Recommended,294860,16484901,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kage Bunsetsu,My only regret about this game is that the other two in the series have yet to be ported over to pc. Awesome tactical game that comes loaded with a bunch of dlc goodies for no extra charge.
76561197993703914,Recommended,294860,31903042,Posted: 22 May,all,Primate,Great port of an excellent TBS. Stays surprisingly balanced for the most part throughout despite the RPG mechanics.
,Recommended,294860,12948006,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CorndogJoe,Valkyria Chronicles is a great turn based RPG with grid based strategy movements. The game will appeal to anyone who enjoys WW2 tank battles and likes to plan strategic moves to overtake the enemy forces throughout the story of the game. Key characters are worth protecting to enjoy their story lines and one liners throughout the game. With full controller support this game will be exciting to play on devices capable of game streaming like the shield.
76561197968832765,Recommended,294860,12951832,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kashiran,"All right now we're talking!Valkyria Chronicles is the epitome of 'under the radar' games in the ps3 era. A lot of people overlooked this gem and I admit I was close to doing so as well until I saw a video review shortly before its release on PS3. The art style was great and the gameplay instantly reminded me of classic X-COM. The added bonus of having a class system with scouts, assault, lancer (heavy), engineer, and sniper made it even deeper and more strategy-involved.Its not a strict turn based system like X-COM, more like a hybrid where if the attacking enemy walks within sight and range of a defender the defender will open fire automatically...usually with devestating results unless you find cover fast or take that defender out. Between battles you have the opportunity to upgrade weapons and armor, as well as leveling up your classes. Once you get a class to lvl 10 it usually becomes some sort of specialized unit capable of more damage and able to take more punishment.The missions are set up in a chapter format, and around chapter 3 various things start to unlock. If you ever feel under-powered you can go to various skirmishes to get experience and cash. There are crazy boss battles and even regular skirmishes that require quite a bit of thinking to pull off with out killing any of your squad. By the time you make it to chapter 10 its full on war and the game will punish you if you try to rambo through it.This game is a mostly flawless port from the PS3. The load/save times are instantaneous, which is an incredible improvement over its console counterpart. However the menu system is a bit odd if you're using mouse and keyboard. It could've been more mouse pointer friendly, its still relavtively easy to navigate but it could've been easier. The increased resolution and framerate is always a plus. Thanks PC!The game is as fun and challenging on PC as it was when I put dozens of hours into it on PS3 six years ago. At $20, its a great value for the amount of time this classic SRPG will give you. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,294860,12956590,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,silentX,"I remember when the anime came out for this and I really enjoyed it. I didn't realize that it was actually based on a video game and saw that it was released for PS3. I always wanted to play it, but since I never owned a PS3, never had the chance too. Now that it released on Steam, I instantly pre-ordered it and am now stuck on playing it. I love the artwork and how the story is told into chapters like a storybook and the elements in leveling up your units and purchasing upgrades for your weapons and tank. Coming from a PS3 console port, this is definitely done well for doing so. I'm not a big SRPG type of player, but this is a big exception in my book. Love the elements involved. If you enjoy turn based strategy with RPG elements, this is the came for you. You'll not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,294860,12957977,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Molvira,It is a perfect turn-based strategy !
76561198015951071,Recommended,294860,12893846,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Goodnite,"Valkyria Chronicles is a RPG that tells the story of a guy and his group of friends, who find an old tank group up to fight against an invading super power. The game is placed roughly in the 1930's and has about the same look and feel as the events that took place during the start of World War 2. There are a bit of fantasy elements as well but not to the degree of certain JRPG's.Valkyria Chronicles is the single best game I have ever played that is not an fps. This game is easily one of the most beautiful games I have ever had the pleasure of experiancing. The story and the art  are 10/10. The strategic manoeuvring of units combined with turn based RPG gameplay, all layered on top of the moment to moment action afforded by real-time controls as players command each squad member and tank in battle. Reminicent of Xcom but with third person over the shoulder and actual aiming. It feels familar but is still unique and approachable.This game is one of the sleeper hits on the ps3. Not many people know of it do to little marketing at the time, but it is one of the single highest rated games on that system according to both players and game reviewers.This was ported over to pc from the ps3. It should run really well, even for people playing on toasters. You can play using a controller, or mouse and keyboard.  Menus there is no mouse support, must use a keyboard.  In game, camera control and aiming has good mouse support and uses WASD to move your character."
,Recommended,294860,16853367,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Smug Lank,blue ♥♥♥♥♥es n lasers
,Recommended,294860,15135942,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,dicc,+ like Fire Emblem crossed with Advance Wars+ turn-based goodness+ waifu simulator+ androgynous male lead- only 5 classes :(but honestly it's pretty much everything i want out of a JRPG/10
,Recommended,294860,12947193,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,NSMike,"Valkyria Chronicles was the reason I bought my PS3, After seeing the gameplay and how beautiful and unique the game looked I just had to buy the game and I was floored.  It has since become one of my all time favorite games and one that I've gone back and replayed many many times.  And as soon as I heard that this was being released on steam I was so excited that I had an excuse to support this game and play it again.  And after playing through the first few chapters on the Steam version, I am not Disapointed at all.  The game runs great, even on my poor laptop, the graphics look nice and updated (though I might be wrong about this).  But the Bottom line is you shouldn't miss out on a Fantastic game like this.  And hopefully with the support that this port gives towards the VC Series, we might be able to see the other 2 Valkyria Chronicles games re-updated and ported to Steam (Maybe with an Online features :3)  If you are a fan of Turn Based Tactics games, this is a must have."
,Recommended,294860,12956465,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Unzmeister,Salinas destroyed a tank with an assault rifle.11/10 SENSHA MOE!
,Recommended,294860,13411802,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DJ the other DJ,I play it for the plot.
,Recommended,294860,12939414,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CHKMT | Bishop,I never got to play this on the PS3 but snatched it up so fast when I saw it hit steam since it has just about everything you could want from a game.Cool alternate history storyline: CheckCast of memerable and unique characters: CheckGameplay that is fun and yet brings new things to the table: CheckTons of codex entries about the people and things in the world: CheckReplayability: DoublecheckHonestly this is going in my top 10 games of the last 10 years easy. Its a breath of fresh air in a genre that usually gets stuck playing the newest Final Fantasy.
76561198018243744,Recommended,294860,12908085,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Weelliem,10/10Games has every aspect of a shooter as well as a great turn base stratagy game so if your into that i 100% recommend you picking it up for this price.But be warned this game has alot of cut scenes that slow down the action however it does alot of great story telling and char development.
,Recommended,294860,12908693,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Iroquois,Killed 4 guys with a flamethrower11/10
,Recommended,294860,12909491,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hula121,"War is upon the city streets and verdant fields of the peaceful, Ragnite-rich nation of Gallia. And this time, you don't need to buy a PS3 to take part. Your squad of conscripts will do battle against the Imperial horde, but this war only looks pretty."
76561198027555409,Recommended,294860,12907527,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Innocent Panda,great port from ps3. great story and mechanics love the world war 2 style
,Recommended,294860,12907676,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[ISO] StrikeThePing,"Welkin wishes he were a bridge. No context needed, 11/10."
76561198027062390,Recommended,294860,12908189,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NecroVane,"Simply put, one of the finest strategy RPGs ever made, and certainly the finest of the last decade.  Excellent story that illustrates the comraderie, politics and horrors of war better than most hollywood movies(yes, even with the anime character designs), and gameplay so engaging and satisfying that you'll never get tired of figuring out the puzzles that are the strategically minded levels in this game.Easily a 10/10 in my book, and more than worth 20$ if you've never experienced this gem from the ps3, or if you've since lost your copy and don't feel like browsing around for a used copy."
76561197990561556,Recommended,294860,12907878,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,roboclerk,"Another Winner for Sega. A deep yet easy to learn strategy title. The graphics are really pretty and painting like. This proves that it is not always necessary for a game to strife for photo realism and still have great visuals.The story is deeply engaging, something you would not have at first glance with all the kuai going on.My only little complain is that the game some times is a bit slow to engage, e.g. when selecting units on the maps or the player phase begins, this should be a bit quicker."
,Recommended,294860,12909512,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,HaryoSharp,"WOW.This game totally surpassed my expectations.- TANKS!- WW2esque/steampunk setting- Great character design, weapon design and tanks designs- The game graohics looks like it's on a painting and it works wonders.- Very engaging story- Amazing strategy elements: units have traits (eg. hates the desert/loner) and different specialities (scout, lancer)- Really utilise cover, weapon range, weapon specialities, armor ratings, elevation etc as strategy elements- Enemies shoot you as you move. Cover became really valuable.- Great team battle system becase they can support each other as they attack- It's a JRPGI can't think of any negatives11/10Can't get myself to play a different game at the moment"
,Recommended,294860,12915193,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bork9128,Im going to tell you now the port of this game is bad allowing only the most basic of feature needed to let it be played on a pc but  the game itself is still more then good enough for me to recomend picking it up if you are a fan of either RPG or tactical strategy games. I have played through the game at least once a year for the last 4 years and havent gotten sick of it yet. The aesthetic is put together well and the combat is well polished. It is decent in length with each playthrough of mine lasting about 15-20 hours but i dont know how much the dlc adds
,Recommended,294860,12889276,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,David,loved this game on ps3... Bad port though. Runs in slow motion for some reason... Almost like its running from an sd card or something... Would love a fix cause I love this game
,Recommended,294860,12907218,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CR4YCR4Y,10/10 You get a defense buff for being Jewish.  Baruch Hashem!
,Recommended,294860,12915502,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Papa des Iles,"It was a day one buy for me on PS3, it is again on Steam.The game is simply brilliant so is this port. Now I wish they also port the 2 sequels released on PSP."
,Recommended,294860,12990252,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,logweiny,"This game will make you feel like a boss, and the second you feel that way they will hit you with the harsh reality of war and make you hate life. SOUNDS FUN HUH?! 10/10."
,Recommended,294860,12959695,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Moh,"I would recommend this game for various reasons:It has a great storyIt has an innovative gameplay mechanicThe art and graphics are done in a beautiful wayIt's a great PC port, so the masterrace can play this game without any worries."
76561198032082176,Recommended,294860,13054667,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,azurepheonix,"Possibly the only reason I regretted not getting a PS3 but thanks to Steam thats no longer a problem. This game is great so if i had to sum it up in a few words think WWII setting, anime visuals, and X-COM style combat."
,Recommended,294860,13261961,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vaelone,One of PS3's best and most unique games now on steam with a solid port.
,Recommended,294860,14441177,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Door Ladder,"Very fun game with adorable characters, but it is quite challenging after the first few levels! I have been stuck on the 7th chapter now and have died many many times on this single map (wont spoil it for those who havent played it).Pros:The game is very fun in many different ways. The story, though seemingly blending elements of World War II and Final Fantasy a little too closely, is very fun. The gameplay is balanced and this game's length will provide for months of never-ending entertainment.The anime-themed look of the game's environments and characters work extremely well in 3D; the rendering engine the game uses is superb.Even though it's an anime-styled game, it doesn't have any of that cliche ""kawaii""/""hot anime girls"" garbage that's seen so often in mainstream Japanese Anime culture. The game's content is surprisingly conservative really. It's well-fit for all ages.The English dubbing of the game is excellent; the voices are superb. No translation errors with spelling or grammar either.Excellent storyline; you will be very immersed in the game's world after only a short amount of time playing it. The developers put a great deal of good thought and effort into the storyline and the game's universe.Characters are very well-developed. They all have their own detailed biographies and personalities. You bond with them very deeply as the game progresses, and it can almost be heartbreaking when any one of them dies in battle.Plays slightly similar to XCOM but with a minor FPS flare (units are not fixed to grids; they can move wherever they want freely.The enemy AI is quite clever in how it becomes more difficult and adapts to the player's tactics as the game progresses. Any time they permanently kill one of your soldiers (by capturing them when they are unconscious), it makes you feel heartbroken and full of rage at the enemy.The different gameplay classes are well-balanced and fun to play.All DLCs from the PS3 version are automatically included. No ""pay an additional $20 for this extra little gameplay package"" nonsense.Game has practically no bugs at all.Cons:This list may seem fairly extensive but really the pros are still much stronger. These are all minor complaints. The game's drawbacks are mostly functionality/GUI issues. The actual gameplay and storyline are fantastic and they are the reason why this game is so good. Nevertheless, be wary of these problems if you buy the game:No multiplayer mechanics; game is exclusively singleplayer. This is considerably disappointing considering the potential it could have as an online strategy game between players.No escape menus in-game; exiting normally from the game takes a while.This game requires a lot of patience and forgiveness from the player. Battles take a very long time, and if you lose a battle, you must repeat the whole battle all over again from the beginning (30-120 minutes per battle gameplay time). Very frustrating on the more difficult game levels.The game has a lot of menus for all different things. A little too many.Menu GUIs are somewhat unfriendly for a computer with a mouse; all menu operations have to be done using a keyboard, shifting and scrolling through options slowly with way too many keys, rather than a simple click of the mouse.For a game that has waited some 6-7 years to be finally ported to PC, very few (if any) improvements to the game's graphics have been made.Controls for moving tanks are quite difficult, and using your mouse to maneuver the tank wastes a ton of movement ability.Most game config options can only be changed by launching a separate program; this means you cannot simply exit from gameplay real quick and change the control scheme. You have to turn off the whole game and go change the settings separately, then relaunch it. Pretty annoying if you forget the controls.The game claims to have a war cemetery ""place"" that you can visit where you can see the graves and whatnot of your fallen soldiers, but when you go to it, all it lets you do is talk to this old man whose only purpose is to sell you battle abilities. The developers of the game really missed a good opportunity there for players to be able to connect more deeply with the game's characters and story.Severe bug that disables the computer monitor when you exit out of the game via the windows home button and then try to re-enter the game. The monitor will go black and you will never be able to fix it unless you manually shut down your computer and restart it. Ctrl-alt-delete sometimes works but the last time it happened to me, not even that was able to stop the monitor blackout.All in all, this is a game that you should not miss out on. Get it! You won't regret it. I certainly don't!"
,Recommended,294860,12917867,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MrAptronym,"Valkyria chronicles is a bit like XCOM, but with more direct action. Also it is about magical girls duking it out for fantasy switzerland during (Fantasy!) World War II. So the story and dialogue leave a bit to be desired, though they do have their moments.The other big difference from other turn based tactics games is the unit control. Instead of just directing troops to move and shoot, you take control of them like a lite third person shooter. You move to where you want to go, select an enemy to empty your clip into, then get the chance to move again. Additionally you can spend your actions each turn to use various buffs and abilities as the commander. Another unique touch is that every one of your soldiers has a unique model and backstory, with abilities that reflect their personalities. The writing, again, is not fantastic, but you should be able to find a few characters you like to latch ontoThe port was well done. my only issue is that the menus in the game cannot be navigated by mouse. The keyboard controls work well, but it is a bit unexpected. In combat the controls feature full mouse support and work wonderfully. Graphically the game has a great style that stands out and works well, even at higher resolutions. It is all very anime, but the watercolor theme adds a nice touch. The port supports any 16:9 resolution (Leterboxes if you have 16:10 as I do.) and runs very smoothly. The perfomance is far better than I have seen on other last gen PC ports, its really rather impressive."
,Recommended,294860,14345475,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,sniper201minecr,good to play but like a sequel
76561198020438753,Recommended,294860,15093496,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pass_the _M,"Impulse buy even tho I have it on PS3 already lol. It's alot more convient to play on PC anyway.Love this game, I'm a big fan of SRPGs like this, Shining Force, Fire Emblem, Advanced Wars and Langrisser. The dialog is a little hammy but the story is solid. The gameplay is what makes it shines love the combination of real time and turnbased combat.  I hope they make a true sequel. Also hope Sega keeps bringing over it's Japanese console games....I need some Yakuza in my steam life. haha"
,Recommended,294860,14234503,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dash Attack,"Fire Emblem meets World War II. I'm in love.  So glad I got this at 50% off, but even at 20 your getting your monies worth."
,Recommended,294860,19542696,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BK201,Turn-Based Strategy Shooter RPG anime game! awesomeee :OCan be pretty challenging and unfortunately there's a problem controlling the tank when using keyboard + mouse (main issue is with the mouse) so if not using a controller try to control the tank using the keyboard somehow with least mouse interaction as it can waste alot of action points.
76561198097752824,Recommended,294860,19525572,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Why Not,I played once on the PSP long time ago. Saw this on sales. Add in cart without any hesitation! Nice game! Fun to play!!!!!
76561198153155679,Recommended,294860,19001360,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Loki Makeshift,I had a great time getting really in depth with this game at it does a marvelous job of pulling you into its wonderfully crafted world.
,Recommended,294860,20853740,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
76561198121207995,Recommended,294860,20648914,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,rapknife,"10/10 only game where RNG Jesus likes me<3*also lot of MLG moments*Oh and RIP Oscar, the sniper, nobody likes you"
76561198039881559,Recommended,294860,20857440,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,The Amazing Weaboo,"Amazing game, story, artwork and gameplay are all really good."
,Recommended,294860,20402751,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mazeoflife28,"Just finished the game, I felt like all those hours were well spent.  And now I'm after achievements and getting the rest of the story missions to A.  Would and have recommend to friends who haven't tried it yet. The thing that annoyed me a little bit was the tank controls, and frigging aiming RNG.. but otherwise nothing a little save and load can't fix.  This game made me roll in feelings, I may have actually cried once or twice over the story.  Memorable characters, great character, story and relationships development. Thank you soo much for bringing it to PC.I hope to see other Valkyria Chronicles here too.*NOT-SO-SUBTLE-HINT*"
76561198008280788,Recommended,294860,14502438,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Al Dimeniera,I origionally bought this game for ps3 and I was so happy that it came to the computer. I hope they add the second game on here as well
,Recommended,294860,19799337,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Deight,"This game is amazing. It's one of those games I can spend hours on without realizing it. I like the characters, art style, gameplay, story, difficulty (Clearing mission is so satifying in this game and the missions never felt like they were impossible to complete.) I could go on. This game is a definite must-have."
76561198059222288,Recommended,294860,19970642,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,.̨̢͘.͞͏̴.͠͏̀.͢͟͡.҉,"Great mix between anime and WW2, turn based fun gameplay and squad customization. all memmbers have unique personalites along with skill sin an RPG type system and it makes for a very engaging story"
,Recommended,294860,12993698,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lemon Tea,"Graphics looks amazing, gameplay is immersive and intensive. plot is rich and well developed. One of the best turn-based strategy RPGs out there for PCs. 10/10 would buy again and looking forward to the release of VC2 on PC."
76561198093055062,Recommended,294860,12997289,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zaveid,it a great game that take out all the boring parts of a strategy game (and  is pretty fast for a strategy game) it also has an anime which sort of lead to my buy this game.
76561197969842231,Recommended,294860,13004794,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Snuggery,"I had always wanted to play this but was unwilling to purchase a PS3 just to do so.It is a blast and can be truly challenging if you are going for A rank in every mission.The amount of waifu and Moe ( Japanese cute girl overload) at times is a little disturbing but you can laugh at it.Game comes with all the dlc included, which are very chellenging."
,Recommended,294860,13074774,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,kunny391,"This game is fantastic. I'm not a huge fan of anime but the art style won me over with it's steam-punk ish look. The game does a great job showing that you are not leading faceless and disposable soldiers but individuals who all have their own personalities and traits as well as written bios if you want to learn all you can about every character. The game also is supposed to pay hommage to both the German and Allied sides of WWII and both sides are humanized without removing some of the barbaric things both sides did to each other (there is a mission where you liberate a concentration camp, just as an example). The gameplay is a mix of turn based and real time where you position your soldiers then aim their weapons and while you are doing anything but aiming, enemies can shoot you and vice versa.tl;dr get it because it does a good job with the history, has good characters, there's an option to enable Japanese language with English subtitles, and the gameplay is unique. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198066015194,Recommended,294860,13091681,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Samus,"Another game ascends to PC and escapes oblivion by doing so. I really enjoy this game. The problem with it is that if you want to fully upgrade your weapons and skills (which you WILL need for later missions), you're going to want consistent ""S"" ranks for each mission which is VERY difficult to figure do, and more often than not there is only one real correct way to do it.  After a while, I found myself trying to mimic exact movements on Youtube for people doing ""S"" rank tutorials for each mission. Almost any slight deviation can cost you that elusive perfect rank."
,Recommended,294860,13116761,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sept,I honestly loved this game. It even made me watch the anime. Both really good.  I would def recommend if you like RPG RTS games.
,Recommended,294860,12889404,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Redemperor124,"one of the best tactical-rpg  and one of the best console-ported game on steam right now.canvas art style is suited well with the background of the game combine with the anime like characters, well superb.the story may look so-so at first but it will gradually get intense and more interesting.the game-play system is well crafted and can be challenge at some points.the game control works well with both controller and mouse&keyboard, should not be a problem with controlling for this game.the fact that we dont have to buy a single dlc further for this game is also what others should consider as well.finally Japanese voice is a lot better than English despite that all the specific words in this game is western. so play it in Japanese"
,Recommended,294860,12892038,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TarzanUSP,"Thanks, Sega! :)"
76561198097207054,Recommended,294860,12892416,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Everesting,"A real gem wonderfully ported over from the PS3, it's a turned-based tactical stragety game rich with colorful characters and a very engaging story taking place in a fictional but European-inspired setting.  You control a squad of characters defending your small homeland from a neighboring superpower trying to take over your homeland for your energy resource (ragnite).  If you love JRPGs, tactical battles, and character driven story, this game may be for you!"
,Recommended,294860,12892456,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,LetMeRomanceYou,One of the best reasons to own a PS3 is now on PC
76561198102294967,Recommended,294860,12894123,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,zaminant,"Running very smooth in my old computer. i have been played this game in ps3 , and play VC2 in psp. decent strategy games , hope VC 2 and VC 3 will out to PC."
,Recommended,294860,12894443,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,OnslaughtDR2K,"One of the greatest JRPGs hits the PC and optimized so well that it can run on a toaster. As a console gamer the keyboard and mouse controls took some time to get used to, but feel natural after a while and are much more percise. I finished it on PS3 sevral times, but never got around to playing the DLC, which is included for free in the PC version."
,Recommended,294860,12894773,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Classy Infant,This game is awesome! Not very far. I'm not very good at it but it's fun.
76561198006864535,Recommended,294860,12895066,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,zielscheibe3,"Long story short, its criminel that pc gamers had to wait that long for such a good game. :)That said, i´m fully satisfied with the quality of the port.So, If you are into turn based tactic games you definetly shouldn´t miss this one."
76561198149789915,Recommended,294860,12895153,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Barretzm,HD port of one of the best games ever released on PS3.Just buy it! It's worth it. 10/10
,Recommended,294860,12977907,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,safe haven,square please take notes on how to properly port a game to pc
76561197985382871,Recommended,294860,12999719,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Monarch,"Still worth playing through since its release. Whilst not *as* good as the PlayStation 3 version in terms of control-fluidity, it is better than I had dared hope for a port. Definitely recommended for everyone from anime-fans to strategists. Valkyria Chronicles is a uniqe experience that I keep coming back for year after year."
,Recommended,294860,13015622,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Monster215,"I loved this game before, and it is just as I expected on the PC.  The art style is great, the gameplay is one of my favorites of all time, and the added achievements are a great bonus."
76561198005639801,Recommended,294860,13044688,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Minion,"Some porting problems, mabe should have been tested more - but nontheless a great game.Thums up for porting the sequels!   ^^"
,Recommended,294860,13092226,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jethro Babaganoush,"While the port isn't perfect and bringing the crappy looking PSP sequels is probably not going to happen, I hope Sega sees this as an opportunity to develop this series on the PC.  I paid full price for this game in 2009 for PS3, bought my brother a copy for his PS3, and gladly preordered this game when it was announced.  A fantastic game, beautiful graphics, just a solid experience from end to end."
,Recommended,294860,13129565,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Harts,A great game for turn-based rpg fans.
,Recommended,294860,12893222,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Shigeyama,The animation detail (chalk and stone or w/e it's called) it's really awesome for something that's this old to be of a port. I reccomend getting it ASAP just in case Sega brings over the rest of the series. Overall I think they did a fine job I'm loving every moment of it. I wished JRPGs were this unique and not following the basic turn-based layout. 10/10!
,Recommended,294860,12893396,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Shin Enzyme,Solid port of a great PS3 game. More please Sega...
,Recommended,294860,12893959,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SEA OTTER,"WW2 Kawaii Edition. It's lovely. Just buy it.+Great if unbalanced gameplay.+Good port.+Fitting tunes.+Beautiful engine with great art.+Baked bread and tanks.+Dual audio. Same as in the original ps3 version, but still worth noting.+Marina best sniper waifu.+Decent story.+Great crew. You will not let anyone die.+You level up a class instead of individual troops, which leaves you free to use anyone you like instead of locking you to certain characters.+Sega for not letting this ip die.-Couple difficulty spikes.-Scouts are too op.-Ranking system based only on speed which encourages scout rushing in latter half of the game."
,Recommended,294860,12894624,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cheerios,Ever wanted a xcom game with an actual storyline? Ever wanted to live in a nippon version of the western front? Ever wanted to have soldiers who hate on fictional Jews? This is the game for you.
,Recommended,294860,12894757,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dekion,"Pleasantly surprised with this game!  I have this for the PS3 and really enjoyed the game in it's entirety.  Loved the story, art style, RPG elements, and tactical battles.  I just purchased this game for the PC.  The port is very nice.  The graphics are intact with customizable resolutions.  I haven't tried using the mouse/keyboard yet since I have a 360 controller, but you have the option to use mouse/keyboard.I'm hoping with enough support for this game the 2nd time around, we'll get a newer game.VC2 was okay, but VC1 is still the best."
,Recommended,294860,12979002,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Unmistaken,I honestly felt this game would be terrible. My assumption were it was another knock off game made to profit off anime fans. Rather surprisingly the game and features are executed beyond my expectation. It is a strategy game that is turned based like x-com but there is more to it than just what x-com brought. So far so good unfortuneately remember to manually save as there is no auto-save.I like the game. Alot of customization and upgrading. It does feel like losing team members is a rare occurence as long as you keep them in pairs.
,Recommended,294860,12987624,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Firu,"I love it.  I never heard of it, let alone played the console version.  Thanks for the rather quality port.  It transitions rather well, other than a few awkward control issues using keyboard mouse.Tactical RPG, WW1-2 era technology, unique (to me) combat system.  Mind blowing art.  A bit wordy on cinematics, but you can skip them, or enjoy them.  I've found they aren't tedious (at least the first time through)."
,Recommended,294860,12995039,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Beast Incarnate,10/10Had it and came incredibly close to beating the PS3 version years ago.  More than willing to do it all again on this version.  Runs smooth and had Steam Cheevos.One of the best SRPGs I've ever played.Let Sega know there's a market for this great series by buying up this version!
,Recommended,294860,12999579,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Stabby McRufflove,"This is THE game that tempted me to buy a PS3 and I never dared hope it would be ported to Windows. Years later I find myself streaming it from a Windows PC to a TV via a NUC running Steam for Linux and playing the game using an Xbox controller with a chinese rip-off wireless receiver -- the mind boggles. Many thanks to Valve, the Linux kernel team and, dare I say it, Sega!This is a fantastic port of an absolutely wonderful game. The pseudo turned based combat is just brilliant and the artwork stunning. The story has plenty of pathos, balanced by cooky humour. If you like strat, you really must buy this game."
,Recommended,294860,12999921,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ulty4life,"This is a wonderfully unique game with a fantastic art style.I was instantly hooked after playing the demo on the PS3, so I bought it for the console.Lent the game to a friend who was also hooked and bought his own copy.Lent the game to someone else I couldn't remember and effectively lost the disc.Bought another used copy for the PS3 so I could keep playing.PS3 died.Tore apart my PS3 and repaired it so I could play this game again.PS3 died again.Got a professional repair job.Played Valkyria Chronicles for 5 more hours before the console kicked the bucket again.Now it's out on PC, and I have purchased yet another copy. This time, I hope the enduring PC platform will finally let me finish this brilliant, fantastic game. When I first fired it up on PC and started on my first mission, I was instantly hooked yet again. This game is right up there with Final Fantasy Tactics as a game that I will keep purchasing on every platform it gets released on, and that I can keep playing over and over.$20 is a great price. I would have paid more. I consider it a discount since this is my 3rd purchase of the title. It was a no-brainer for me, and after 2 play sessions of getting reacquainted with the game, I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase."
76561198086345515,Recommended,294860,13001753,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TimeBandit,I can't stop playing this game. I played it on the ps3 and now on the pc. The main difference between the two is that on the  pc there is virtualy no loading screens. The gameplay and story on this game are great. Thank you SEGA!
76561198039432377,Recommended,294860,13010528,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SirSchwepp,"Great Game, works just as well on the pc.  Works with DS3 Tool and a PS3 controller perfectly."
,Recommended,294860,13018484,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,เสือ,"VC veteran here.  In a time where most Japanese games are poorly ported to PC, Valkyria Chronicles breaks that curse.  After the first couple missions, the PC control layout is easy to get used to.  For those new players interested in trying this out; I highly recommend this for the story, art, and great gameplay.Pro's:-Instantaneous saving.-All DLC comes with the main game.Con-Tank control by mouse is glitchy, so use only the keyboard for tank combat.-There's no clear way to get back to video/optimization settings (but I'm happy with the graphics thus far)."
,Recommended,294860,13025826,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Selvaria,"I love this game on the PS3, so I decided to buy it. Now I can enjoy my favorite game on PC and tinker with the files to modify guns >:3"
76561198042229153,Recommended,294860,13025189,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Inzoum,"If you missed out on this wonderful game when it released on PS3 originally, you definitely should grab it here on team!Apart for cutscenes that still run in 720p and some gameplay oddities on higher framerates, this is a very good port of the original and remains one of the best games I've played.Highly recommended"
76561198019776311,Recommended,294860,13086394,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,MAJIK,"A beautiful game that gets rid of all the pesky running around.  I almost miss it at times.  The stratagy is alot of fun, and I almost universally love every character, even the useless ones.  Especially useless ones."
,Recommended,294860,13092227,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jethro Babaganoush,"While the port isn't perfect and bringing the crappy looking PSP sequels is probably not going to happen, I hope Sega sees this as an opportunity to develop this series on the PC.  I paid full price for this game in 2009 for PS3, bought my brother a copy for his PS3, and gladly preordered this game when it was announced.  A fantastic game, beautiful graphics, just a solid experience from end to end."
76561198032098764,Recommended,294860,13093897,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Operator9527-J,"Loved this game on console. Had to get it again for my good o' PC.-Graphics wise, about the same as the console version. Would've been nice to have a graphics boost, but then again there is a limit to what cel shading can do. (Then again, I am using a Samsung 60'' HD tv as a computer monitor)-It's nice that you get all the DLCs with this version of the game.-Loads insanely fast on my rig (Win7 64x, i7 3.4ghz, 16g ram)A note to Sega - Please release 2 and 3 also. I'd buy it in a heartbeat.Side note: Low game time, does not really mean low game time. I like to play games in offline mode and really have no need for achievements."
76561198065706196,Recommended,294860,13115908,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zouavez,"Initially, I was impressed by the tactical depth of the battles and the funny writing. Soon however, I was blown away by the strategic possibilities.This is a game that successfully incorporates some of the best parts of games like Fire Emblem, Advance Wars, and Final Fantasy Tactics in 3D. This is the game that Battalion Wars should have been.Pros:Tactical and strategic depthInteresting charactersSome of the best systems for pseudo-real-time strategyJapanese voices with optional English subtitles (Try it!)Challenging difficultyUpgrades visually reflected on character models, including the tank(s)Comic-book art style complete with ""ratatat"" machine gun sounds and ""vroom"" tank noises represented by colorful text.Cons:Some politically incorrect charactersOnly a few classesLack of individual unit customizationCaveat: I haven't finished the game yet."
76561198052289162,Recommended,294860,13116013,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Plank-titan,"its a bit slow paced but the strategic part of the game is just fantastic and nowhere else to be found. the graphic is like an oilpainting, which fits pretty well imo and the story makes you want to continue playing through all the chaptersall in all i recommend this game, but its only my opinion based on my taste, check some gameplay vids and decide for yourself"
,Recommended,294860,12889203,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Winzzy,"It is true that Valkyria Chronicles is the best turn based strategy game of the previous generation.  It is equally true that it is one of the best turn based strategy games of all time!  This even more than the uncharted games are what I miss from my PS3.The game's story and art direction are great, gameplay is satisfying, and the overall experience is fantastic.The PC port seems to be really well done with no artificial locks on resolution and a pretty smart keyboard mouse interface.  There is a litty wonkiness using the menues with keyboard and mouse but it isn't to bad.  The graphical fidelity isn't modern day amazing but the art style doesn't lose much from being a previous gen title.If you haven't played this game it will be some of the best money you ever spend on a game period.  The is a MASSIVE thumbs up from me."
76561198062378178,Recommended,294860,12977135,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mr. Mckenna,"I feel comfortable reviewing this based on my ps3 experience. It runs, looks and plays better than that version and includes all the dlc.Now for the uninitiated, think xcom: enemy unknown, Advance Wars and Shining force combined into a psudeo realtime Fantasy take on world war II, complete with well written characters and lore. Valkyria chronicles is a classic not just because of it's story, which is as sober a take on war as you will find in all of gaming, or it's gameplay, which is a deep, varied and exciting take on the strategy genre which manages to be completely engaging and original. It's the fact that both elements are incredibly strong. it's a complete package, and something that will stick with you long after you've finished. Since this games succesful steam release, fans of the series are waiting for news of more Valkyria chronicles on steam and with good reason."
,Recommended,294860,12985894,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Biskit the Brave,"Absolutely wonderful game which should be a must have in every decent gamers library!Played it on the PS3 before that and bought it for PC without hesitation.Great story, beautiful visuals and innovative gameplay.The battles play similar to XCOM: Enemy unknown and relies a lot on tactical thinking.If you're looking for a story driven game with good gameplay this is the game for you."
,Recommended,294860,13004001,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,echochrome,"This is honestly one of my absolute favorite games of all time. If you are a fan of turn-based strategy games, I would highly recommend giving this game a look. It offers a unique take on the genre with a combination of standard turn-based strategy and 3rd-person-shooter-esque gameplay, and it creates a beautiful world in which every single character (even non-story ones) has a unique personality and identity. The story is perhaps not the most revolutionary, but it is still compelling enough to keep the player interested until the end, and it creates a number of intriguing protagonists and antagonists. This is a game which may have flown under a number of gamers' radars when it came out on the PS3 in 2008, but it is more than worth a look for fans of strategy games. It's a fresh approach to the turn-based strategy genre and an overall beautiful game.Story-wise, the game is fairly decent, although it admittedly isn't exactly on the level of a BioWare game. The game is set in a fictional version of Europe in a small nation called Gallia which is caught between two warring super-nations to the east and west. Gallia is a neutral nation, but as it holds great mineral wealth the eastern Empire one day invades. You'll be leading a regiment of the nation's militia forces in battle to defeat the Empire, who are rumored to have a near-invincible mythical being known as a ""Valkyria"" on their side. There is heavy emphasis on the characters in the game, and although some of the character development is perhaps a bit predictable, the game does an excellent job of really bringing each character (even the minor, non-story ones) to life and giving them distinct personalities.So, the concept of the game: your role is to carry out the actual battles between the militia and the Empire. Battles are turn-based and proceed by moving your units one-by-one throughout the battle field. Where this gets interesting is in what happens after you select a unit on the overview map. Once a unit is selected, the game changes into a 3rd-person shooter: you will be able to move the unit in a 3D environment and must avoid enemy fire while moving into position to execute an attack. During their turn, a unit will only be able to move a limited distance (represented as the resource ""AP""), and they will get one attack per move, during which you line up their actual shot yourself. This may seem slightly strange, but once you play the first few missions in the game it will all make perfect sense. It's a battle system which is fairly unique in the world of strategy games and is executed very well. Perhaps the only thing I'd criticise is the inability to see a preview of some enemy positions on the map when you are choosing which units to deploy before a mission, but that's far from a game-breaking flaw. The mouse-and-keyboard controls are more than serviceable, and the game also supports using a gamepad, which may feel slightly more natural, but is by no means necessary to enjoy the game.Part of the fun of the game is in building your squad that you will be leading into battle. You can select from five classes of units in the game: scouts (high mobility but low power), shocktroopers (high offense but low mobility), lancers (anti-tank units), engineers (can resupply and disarm mines), and snipers (low mobility and defense but excellent range). You also have one tank in your squad, which you must keep alive at all costs (failing to do so causes a game over). Perma-death is a feature of the game (once a squad member dies, they're gone forever), so fans of Fire Emblem should feel right at home here.The game becomes a bit like an RPG by allowing you to hand-pick the units to use in your squad and how to upgrade their equipment and provide experience. Each of these units will have unique inherent characteristics (called ""Potentials"") which will activate during battle and either increase or decrease their combat capability in certain situations. For example, one unit may get improved attack when firing on a particular unit class, while another one might receive reduced defense when crouching behind sandbags, while still others may suffer a steady HP drain when in a sandy environment. These inherent qualities make you genuinely have to think when selecting the units to use in a mission, and they also do a very good job in bringing the characters to life and creating their own distinct identities even without them playing roles in the story. You can start to feel quite attached to the characters in your squad over the course of the game, particularly with the threat of perma-death looming in each engagement. You can also buy a number of upgrades for each unit class, including choosing different paths for weapons to be used by that class in battle. For instance, you can choose to equip one lancer unit with an anti-tank rocket, while another could use an anti-personnel mortar. Finally, when levelling up units in the squad, you level up entire classes at a time, which removes the need to babysit certain units to level them up (a la Fire Emblem).In terms of graphics, the art is absolutely phenomenal. Everything looks like a painting in motion. This is one of the first games I've seen that manages to make war look beautiful. The soundtrack does a very good job of bringing the game's world to life, although some of the tracks can become slightly repetitive. Still, it shouldn't really be a cause for annoyance, since the music is still quite good (composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto, composer of the music in the Final Fantasy Tactics Advance series and for FF XII).Overall, the main campaign can take maybe 20-50 hours to complete, depending on how much time you spend customizing your squad and performing side missions for extra experience. For replay value, you are able to freely go back through the campaign missions after completing it once. There are also a number of side-missions (called ""Skirmishes"") which you can complete on various difficulty levels. The higher difficulty levels for skirmishes are also quite genuinely challenging, and give you a real sense of accomplishment when you complete them.So, my verdict. This game is a unique experience, and it's a very good strategy game which fully deserves your attention. If you are at all interested in turn-based strategy games, I completely suggest giving this game a try. I could not recommend this game more highly.I'm so happy that it's come to Steam since it didn't really get enough exposure on the PS3. So, would I recommend buying this game? 100% YES."
,Recommended,294860,13015116,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Teve,It's turn-based strategy with some RPGs elements set in anime fantasy WW2.  What's not to love?
76561198005474464,Recommended,294860,13101167,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dango,"Do NOT save DLC progress over your campaign saves!One of my favorite games and I was overjoyed to see it on Steam. I did not hesitate to buy it and nor should you if you like Japanese RPGs. Good story and gameplay, perfect with an Xbox controller. Only problems I have had is the game minimizing infrequently. Some DLC missions should have been intergrated into the campaign since doing them does not contribute to your experience or funds in the campaign (DLCs are accessed from Extras in the main menu)."
,Recommended,294860,12893780,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,"Mark ""Softdrink"" ???","The game is perfect, I only had one problem, when i try to record the game i have a bit of a slowdown, but that could be my  PC and it crashed on me two times on the loading screen but still 9/10 BUY IT!!!!"
,Recommended,294860,12995031,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hunt3rXIII,Great gameplay and heartful story. Excellent port too
76561198088589571,Recommended,294860,13006241,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Uber Tiga,Splendid Port !!Solid StoryInteresting SquadmatesUnique X-COM-esque Combat SystemBeautiful GraphicI Hope the Sequel will find its way to PC as well
76561197998831115,Recommended,294860,12893547,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kregling,Favorite game on the last generation of consoles and favorite overall of the last 5 years.
76561198023582195,Recommended,294860,12893619,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Swagabond,"Very excited to have the opportunity to play this game again. I played it on the PS3 soon after it first came out and it outshadowed big-hitter games like God of War III for me. I had so much fun with Valkyria Chronicles, the gameplay, the design, the characters... It all just feels so good!I would say this game is like XCOM fused with WWII in an amazing Anime/Manga-style. I would really like to see more from both this game-franchise and this game style.Highly Recommended!!"
76561197980482234,Recommended,294860,12893942,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BtB,"Having played the original PS3 version extensively, I only had to wait to see how the port performed before I rated the game. Bottom line up front:-If you played the originalSolid port, runs beautifully on a decent machineSeems like some slight ringing in one of the tracks, could just be meControls take a bit of getting used to-If you haven't played the originalGreat game, solid plot and beautiful visualsVery reasonable difficulty curve which becomes very unforgiving in the end-gameControls will take some time to get used toExtensive selection of unique squad membersFairly linear upgrade and training systemUntil you beat the game you can only play the main missions once and skirmish on the sideNew Game+ modeI encourage you to look at trailers and reviews for the original, they still apply. My suggestion, generally, is if you liked Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, Jagged Alliance, or similar squad-simulartion games and are willing to try out a hybrid real-time/turn based system that gives you plenty of time to plan on a map and a pressured time while trying to maneuver under fire, this should be a very solid choice for you. It is very plot heavy and the cut scenes cannot be skipped, but can be replayed.If you think you might enjoy this style of game, I can't recommend it enough. Everything it does it does well, and it never feels dull or grindy."
76561198152236437,Recommended,294860,12894269,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,paulgrant108,"A wonderful game on the Playstation 3, and a top quality port for lucky PC gamers.  Technically the game runs very well even on less powerful hardware, has very good control options, and despite the games age still looks as lovely today as it did years back on PS3.  It also has a suprising storyline and tackles some rather dark themes.A strategy game that is unique in style and also in gameplay.  It's fun, challenging and a bargain at the price.  Well recommended."
76561198020962200,Recommended,294860,18796928,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Flopsidoodle,"Dialogue is cheesier than a triple cheese stuffed crust pizza with extra mozzarella, but the turn-based combat system more than makes up for it.  Fun game."
,Recommended,294860,16621200,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lonewolf13,"I wrote a long review a while ago, but forget that joint. Do you like guns? Are you smart with that strategy crap? Do you enjoy chicks with big boobs that glow blue? Then hot damn will you love Valkyria Chronicles! Do yourself a favor and pick up this great game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,294860,16376537,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Good Story, just like the Anime."
,Recommended,294860,19725738,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jungfaha,"Valkyria Chronicles.....To be honest i have never played a game like this befor. Sure i like anime and i have read/played some visual novels. But this .... Valkyria Chronicles ... its so good, so amazing so great! Im just ... omg! There should be more games like this.Anyways:If you like visual novel and or watching anime .... This is for you.If you like turn based 3rd person shooter .... This is for you.Thus being in an anime, partaking in the story and feeling as if your one of the crew, is just great.I highly recommend this game! I also recommend watching it in SUB not DUB (Go to settings and change audio to Japanese and add subs for those who dont understand Japanese)Cons:- Minor sound lag.- Minor aim issue when u get close and personal (use ur brain and its fixed).- Crashing upon exit (lol).- Limited saves, aprox 20 saves (ive used all the saves but tbh its easy to work around).- At a moment you will recive a vehicle (not saying what type and its prety much your main vehicle) during the ""Command Mode"" your vehicle will cost you 2 CP. Be warned when driving it at time you may loose your movments and not get anywhere. I recommend playing around with moving your vehicle so that you may understand how to move it efficiently.- If your a profectionist like me then you will spend alot of time reloading saves trying to get your sniper to do impossible shots, and making your troops move efficiently as possible.Enjoy!Side note:From the small research i did. I saw that it took over 8month to make and set the music for this game. From this i can make an educated guess that the game must have taken a year or more to make (only a guess i read some stuff from the wiki.). Thank you Sega for taking the time to make such a wonderfull game. :)"
76561198118351268,Recommended,294860,19926056,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Old Beefy,takes me back 8/8 gg m8
,Recommended,294860,20315145,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sirducksalot,Ermagerd its amazeballs!
,Recommended,294860,13725843,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bahatmaan,"This is the reason why I felt justified in being an early adopter of the PS3, and it definitely still holds up after all these years. Valkyria Chronicles uses an interesting blend of real-time and turn-based strategy for its battles, and it works extremely well. Unlike games like X-COM, Valkyria Chronicles is more character-focused; each unit has a unique personality and you become attached to each one of them - it's quite a bit better than Fire Emblem's ""acquire-and-forget"" mentality. They all have strengths and flaws in the form of potentials.Also, the art style is great. I really can't recommend this game enough."
76561198203548300,Recommended,294860,24025059,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,7hunder3,"This is a great addition, to your gaming libary!"
,Recommended,294860,20794339,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ulnarl,"If you are a big anime and turn based combat fan, buy this game. If you are neither still buy this game.Pros:+Great plot+Solid game mechanics+Both turn based and tps style gameplay+Did i say great plot?+Alicia Melchiott (waifu <3)Cons:-Difficulty curve can be a bit harsh sometimes-Dated graphics (but art style looks awesome nontheless)-Some soldier classes feel a bit useless5/7 has awesome rule 34"
76561197997745264,Recommended,294860,21551503,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Magic Negro,"it's a very good and unique game but with a lot of flaws.PROS:good/unique story,good gameplay,good love story,pleasing anime aesthetics.original japanese voice acting + dubbed voice acting available,journal entries for characters places and weapons give the world depth,a lot of unique characters to put into your squadCONS:classes arent balanced, scouts are too useful and assaults cannot move anywheregame gives you less points than the number of characters you can move per turntactically its not really that deep(lack of options)the scoring system is based on how many turns it takes you to win. making cool strategic plays meaninglessall the characters are basically archetypes with not much depthlack of your regular squad members in cutscenes (if dead, chars could be replaced by generic militia in them)lack of information going into missions makes you go for pointless trial runs just so you know the map and enemy layout"
76561198024730969,Recommended,294860,23814989,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jaydos,"Valkyria ChroniclesTL;DR If you like turn based strategy games with a loose ""anime"" twist then you'll definitely get your money's worth!Things you should know before purchasingThe tank movement takes some time getting used to. Fuel can be drained VERY fast if you don't know what you're doing, leading to some frustration early on in the game.The levelling up system is a bit dry. You earn XP after each completed battle and choose one of 5 classes to allocate your gained XP to. That's pretty much it.Some maps favour certain classes/strategies far more than alternate playstyles.Late game: Scouts and Engineers become a bit too OP :pOutside of the main battles + skirmishes, there isn't that much to do. This is offset by a fairly lengthy storyline however.Driving over enemies with the tank does no damage to them? Wut? (This wouldn't even be OP if it were implemented so I have no idea why they didn't implement this.)What you can expect from the gameCompleting the main storylineA fun ~30 hours of gameplay + cinematics that doesn't feel like a grind.Completeing all skirmishesAbout ~15 hours of gameplay.Adding on the DLCAnother ~10-20 hours that is also very fun and fills some gaps of the main story line.Maxing all classes/weaponsAn extra ~10 hours of grinding that's not so fun but ahh well.Getting all achievementsAt least ~20 more hours of game time.OverallI bought the game at full price and was very happy with my purchase. If you like anime or are an occasional watcher of anime or if you like turn based strategy games then this is a must have title.Peace!"
76561198148120781,Recommended,294860,15980611,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MovingGamer,"If I took more time to write this review, I would have less time to play this game. I prefer to play the game because I like it a lot."
76561197976896303,Recommended,294860,14380000,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gravy,"Brothers in Arms & new Xcom had a baby,and it turned out Anime & awesome."
76561198111527891,Not Recommended,294860,22340207,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nartren,"To me the game mechanic looks not suitable for a strategy game. Not being able to predict/plan movements and attacks is constant source of frustration.This gets even worse since the game actively promotes YLO-like plays to finish the mission as fast as possible.As for the story, it's mediocre at best and not nearly enough to compensate for broken gameplay."
,Recommended,294860,16539609,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wenrare,"I'm writing this review rather late, but here goes.This game is fantastic. I love it. There's nothing I can really complain about. Everything is paced well, all the classes and the characters feel whole. It's a great port from PS3 there's nothing wrong with this game. It's story is interesting, it's about a fictional WW2 that discriminates on Darcsens instead of Jews. The Empire are basically the Germans and they're coming to invade and even have concentration camps set up. The gameplay is fantastic the battles are unique and the maps look awesome.I can only hope they decide to put maybe the second or third game on Steam but that's very unlikely. The second game was the worst in the series (but I don't think it was bad it just pales in comparison to 2 and 3,) and the third game never made it into english, (but there's a fan translation out there that works pretty well for owners of PSPs.)"
,Recommended,294860,16540603,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Oreb,This is a great game.  It has an anime not-quite-WWII setting.  The gameplay is a series of turn-based tactical combat missions.  The combat includes a 3rd-person real-time movement mechanic that I haven't seen before (and really like).  There are 23 main story missions and 5 side mission that unfold as chapters in a book.  Each mission is accompanied by several (skippable) cut scenes that tell a well a really nice story.  XCOM: Enemy Unknown is a great game with a similar combat system - I like this game better.
,Recommended,294860,16537758,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[3DBUS] Lt. Quattro,I wish you could skip enemy turns. But other than that this game is awsome. Played 9 hours straight the first night i bought it
76561198011408475,Recommended,294860,16548455,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Drill,"An awsome game! And gets even better if you play the game in original Japanese voice (available in setting).And don't worry, you can still play the game as all the text and subtitles are in English.Never played Japanese games? well, here's a good one to start with.Good story, good machanic and eventhough its a few years old, felt as good as any newgames out there.In playing this game, some of you might get fustrated by some over-achievers enemy and such, but that's kind of force you to push your imagination further in order to solves the situations which is nice and challenging.Speaking of cons, during individual battles you can't save! (could before though) And that could♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off as a some battle took quite a while and failing mean repeating the whole thing including Mid Battle Cinematic and dialogues.But on the up side, That's probably it that might stop any you from finishing the game in one go (Sleeping recommend)."
,Recommended,294860,24879020,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ThatGuyWaleed,Best srpg on steam
,Recommended,294860,14401096,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,<UTGD> Destiny_Chicken,"Just got Valkyria chronicles in the steam sale, and oh my god, best game 2014, in fact probably best game since something like Mass Effect 3. It's like XCOM and real time strategy had a baby, sent it back in time to an alternate universe, it developed good characters, an interesting plot and fab music and then its life story was recollected in a unique and beautiful art style. Seriously, stop reading this review and just buy it, trust me -  you will not be disappointed... or if you are then you either hate strategy games or are a moron.  Seriously, buy this game, buy it NOW (or when it's on sale, either way works)."
76561198076498933,Recommended,294860,12976910,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TOPHATANT123,"A successful merger of both Fire Emblem and Xcom types of gameplay, menus are a little janky but ignoring that it's absolute perfection."
,Recommended,294860,12978012,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Haitsma,Amazing! I love this game to its core.
,Recommended,294860,12981531,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,미나,"Damn playing this game is making me forgot about time!so interesting with storyline, music, art, gameplay, EVERYTHING!!!worth to buy!!Finished the game, watched the anime, the story complete each other"
,Recommended,294860,12984832,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Cura,"Beautiful music throughout the game, most characters are full of life and rememberable, different ways to tackle a mission depending on your play style, and much more. If you love RPGs, or in this case JRPG titles; Valkyria Chronicles is a solid choice to play. If you can look past the slight input delay and the tank's camera controls, this game is worth its price (Plus, it comes with all the addon content, for $19.99, its a steal!)."
76561198022506059,Recommended,294860,12985998,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Leostorm,"Ussualy not a fan of these type of games, but this one really pulls me in.The action tie into the tatic game play works great and the level lay outs are solid.The story is rather compeling as well and keeps you wanting more.Its very well optimized and looks and runs great other than the lower quality CS's.But aside from that9.8/10"
76561198042658582,Recommended,294860,12987558,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Skyler K.,Game is amazing. Perfect blend of stratigizing and pure force. This game incorporates xcom mechanics with third person shooter ideas. Overall I think this game is great. But so I can't be compeletly bias I will write pros and cons.Pros:-Great story line.-Great characters and character development.-Combat can be puzzling and complex-If you do not enjoy the puzzling and complex idea. You can go guns blazing.-Customizable team ability to switch them out in middle of operation.-Able to upgrade and progess team you create.Cons:-In some cases glitches can be found. (Shooting at a wall even though the circle is not near the wall.)-Enemys being able to get nearly imposible shots off onto you.-No ability to save in middle of operation. (I had to give up progess in a operation because of time.)Everything aside if you like civ 5. I would say this game may perplex you. If you play xcom this game will do more then delight you. If you like any third person shooter/turn based game if you don't play this game you are missing out. But that said if you do not like turn based games. Do not buy this game. If you do not enjoy third person games but can tolerate the aspect of turn base. I suggest to buy it. The game was worth the 20 dollars I spent on it and if it was 10 more dollars I would even buy it then.
,Recommended,294860,13000127,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kurimuzon,"I bet you can guess who my Favoritest scout is!I mean, yeah! This game is amazing! I love how the gameplay completely immerses you inside the game, keeping you hooked for hours and hours on end!Would totally recommend it to everyone on my friend's list, and on, like, the whole world!~Ted U."
76561198026737316,Recommended,294860,13002148,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Shineshine,"Hi AllIf you are into ANIME, NICE STORYLINE, JAPANESE ANIMATION AND VOICE, STRATEGY, TURN BASED, AND 3D BATTLE! THIS IS A MUST GET FOR YOU!! AT a price of a PIzza and a few fast food meals, THIS IS A MUST GET!By the way, the anime series is not bad, watch it if you have time.I have put in several hours i love what i see so far.PROS1)Casual fun not diffcult,something refreshing, something like X Com style2)Great Artistic Comic Animation . Great Storyline, The story campaign starts like from a story book plot by plot, chapter by chapter. Good Music as well as great voice animation.3) You can save at any point during story book or in BATTLE, You can LOAD anytime, so if you fail or want to retry just load up!4) Tactical Map to select which unit to control, once you click your unit it changed into 3d when you control and fire or hide and actions till your action points are finished, at also during this time enemies may nottice you and also will fire. Once action points are finished it changed to tactical map and you select another unti to control.5) As time goes on, you have the ability to recruit units, switch units, improve your squad, RESEARCH combat equipments and even tank !etc6)You gain xp and money currency to improve your squad!7)You can also take part in skirmishes to gain additional money and xp. Its farming.BY THE WAY. in options, put Language to JAPANESE and subtitles on, subtitles will be automatically be in English. A great way to enjoy the Japanese Game.Cons1)I have not find any yet!I am still trying to find out more, but I am delighted to get this game!!Dun wasye time this is a MUST GET for anime strategy and role playing fans!!!"
,Recommended,294860,13002694,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,chain_smoker01,"Wonderfull. Play it with HiRes textures, HiRes Icon, PS button, 4K Downsampling with GeDosato and SGSSAA. So beautifull, and gives more experience than when I played on my PS3 years ago. Love It. Great Price too."
,Recommended,294860,13004772,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Goomba,"Set in a World War II-era conflict on the fictional continent of Europa, this tactical RPG features excellent gameplay, a wonderful story with a colorful cast of characters, beautiful graphics and a stunning soundtrack. Absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,294860,13016149,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Broose,"A good port of an old PS3 game.  Strategy with a tiny bit of TPS mixed in.  Anime as hell, but not too much so.  A definite buy."
,Recommended,294860,13019882,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,mFTm.OZReM,"This is a port of the wonderful PS3 action strategy game. But this isn't just any old port. This is a real-deal PC port. You want 1080p@60fps? You got it. Want it even bigger? No problem!OK, so settings aside, this game is really fun. It has engaging combat with memorable characters in a lore-rich (if not particularly original) story. This also includes all the DLC that was later released for the original PS3 title, which is a nice bonus.I would say that the best experience comes from using a controller with the voice acting set to the original Japanese. This game is pretty damn Japanese, but it's bearable in part thanks to its sketchbook-style art and fun gameplay.My one major gripe is that it is currently not possible to set any sort of anti-aliasing or anisotropic filtering. It's not a big deal, but it would be nice to help smooth out the now high detail edges. Additionally, major cinematics are still from the pre-rendered PS3 version which is a bit jarring when transitioning between gameplay and watching something.In an ideal world, this game sells so well that HD ports are brought over of Valkyria Chronicles 2 (available only on PSP) and Valkyria Chronicles 3 (available only on PSP in Japan)."
,Recommended,294860,13023517,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ikelae,"Having missed out on this game when it first came out (On account of not having a Playstation 3). I am blown away with the content. All I can say is this.If it sounds appealing to you, jump on it because it proves true on all it's promises.My biggest hope is this... That the other entries are also ported. I would buy them on the spot.I have not found myself so into a game, in such a long while. The story, gameplay, and art is all awe-inspiring."
